
1 ContributorThe Sins of the Father LyricsAnnotations contain spoilers for this episode and all previous episodes of The Black Tapes
“The Sins of the Father” is the premiere episode of The Black Tapes Season 3.
The episode’s release was accompanied… Read More 
From Pacific Northwest Stories and Minnow Beats Whale, it’s season three of The Black Tapes Podcast. This season, we continue our exploration of the Strand Institute‘s enigmatic president and founder, Dr. Richard Strand. We’re telling the story of The Black Tapes in order, every two weeks. So if you haven’t listened to the first few episodes, go back and start there. We’ll be here when you get back.Welcome back. It’s been a long time. I’m sure you have a lot of questions, maybe questions like “What happened at the end of last season? Was our IP address the Axis Mundi? What about the Order of the Cenophus? The Advocate? Coralee Strand? Simon Reese?”. Well we’re going to do our best to address everything but first; an update on Dr. Richard Strand.
In between last season and now, Strand and I have been going through his black tapes cases, looking for anything that might help us make sense of what happened. We’ve been unable to learn anything new about the Order of the Cenophus, Thomas Warren, or the Advocate. It’s as if our podcast pushed everything and everyone connected with whatever is happening surrounding Dr. Strand’s black tapes cases into hiding. So with no other clues on the horizon, we went back to the source, back to where it all began - a cupboard in an office, filled with black VHS tape cases.ALEX: (sigh) Well that was interesting.
STRAND: That’s why they’re in this section.
ALEX: How many more?
STRAND: A dozen, perhaps.
ALEX: Queue it up.That’s Dr. Strand and me going through his collection of black tapes. After our encounter with Coralee and the discovery that the Axis Mundi coordinates pointed to our IP address, Strand fell off our radar. For a few months. He had gone to spend time with his daughter, to fill her in on what had happened with Coralee. He refuses to talk about that with me. Understandable. But he returned with a somewhat renewed frame of mind, as if he had hit the reset button on the Strand Institute and its mission to install evidence based inquiry into the field of paranormal research. And we were now onto the third long day of going through every one of his black tapes to see if we could find anything that linked up. Anything that might help explain where we found ourselves now - standing somewhere in a vast web of occult, and possibly corporate, intrigue.
Clearly, several inexplicable things had been happening, and were happening, all at once. But the way Dr. Strand explained it, you would think it was simply matter of a small group of crazy cult members doing what cults do, trying to bring about the end of the world. This new Strand, this scientist with a purpose, appeared determined to help stop the Cenophus, the Advocate, and perhaps there’s another possibility, maybe just maybe, he gets his wife, Coralee, back.ALEX: So like we agreed, I’m not asking you about your daughter. But you were gone for almost three months. Weren’t you worried at all about the apocalypse?
STRAND: You’re joking?
ALEX: Okay, so there’s no piece of music bringing about the end of the world. But there’s a group of very organised crazy people out there who believe it. Isn’t that dangerous enough?
STRAND: That’s why we’re here, doing this.
ALEX: I know, but I don’t get a… an apocalyptic sense of urgency from you.
STRAND: The Order of the Cenophus won’t be found unless they want to be found. Or we smoke them out of hiding.
ALEX: How are we going to do that?
STRAND: I’m not sure.
ALEX: This is why you agreed to let me interview you in the first place?
STRAND: Perhaps, unconsciously maybe.
ALEX: So… what’s next?
STRAND: Have a break. And then, this pile here.
ALEX: (sighs) That’s… that’s a lot of tapes.
STRAND: Yes, it is.
ALEX: Great…We’ll get back to Strand’s black tapes soon. In the meantime, we’re going into the past, into the mind of Strand’s father, Howard. You’ll remember last season I mentioned Strand senior’s journals. There’s a lot to parse in there, most of it unrelated to what we’ve been investigating on this podcast, as far as we can tell. There is one section, however, that appears it might be important, however tangentially, to what’s been going on. It’s from a section written while Howard Strand was in London. He’s recounting something that happened to him while he was in Eastern Europe. There’s a substantial amount of water damage to this particular journal, but I was able to get through most of the relevant section. I’ve asked Strand to read that section, it took a bit of convincing but he eventually acquiesced.STRAND: Okay, are you recording?  There’s nothing in the old writings about the light, only the divine within us all. Unity above chaos, marvel above present time. The calculations are meaningless without the power of the light, without the voice of the divine. Chaos is all the researchers have to offer at this point, the chaos of mathematics. There’s nothing left for Wilkins and Burrows  to teach. Father Carloff  is right, unity above chaos. If the writings on the monolith are correct, the trumpets have been sounded. The end is in the air. Strand believed that section was written while his father had been hospitalised in England for severe dehydration and stress, following a month spent in Italy. The date on the journal corresponds with that time in his father’s life perfectly. The mention of the monolith peaked Strand’s attention. Apparently, Howard Strand had been looking for something during his trip to Italy, something important, something related to his life’s work: a monolith rumoured to mark a spot of immense religious significance. It was in Sicily, the city of Cefalù to be more specific. Cefalù is a city and comune in the province of Palermo which is on the northern coast of Sicily, Italy. Cefalù has a population of just around 14,000 and is currently one of the major tourist attractions in the region, just as it was back in the mid-1920s when 23-year-old Raoul Loveday, an Oxford undergraduate, and allegedly, a practicing black magician, died under mysterious circumstances. His wife, Betty May, blamed infamous occultist and leader of the controversial religious movement known as Thelema, Aleister Crowley, for her husband’s death.
Raoul had been, allegedly, taking part in one of Crowley’s infamous rituals; this one involving consuming the blood of a cat that had been sacrificed. In actual fact, he most likely died from acute enteric fever contracted by drinking water from a tainted mountain spring. Upon seeing these allegations published in the tabloids, Benito Mussolini’s government kicked Crowley and his followers out of Italy. The villa Crowley and his followers had turned into an ad-hoc church, they called it the Abbey of Thelema, was abandoned. The villa still stands today, but it is in poor condition. The reason I’m bringing it up, the Abbey of Thelema, is that Howard Strand mentions it in his journals. It’s where he found the monolith. Howard Strand’s visit to the Abbey of Thelema resulted in his being hospitalised for three months in a notorious commune/asylum.
Richard knew about the Abbey of Thelema, of course. That kind of location fell well within his investigative purview. However, what Richard didn’t know, until he saw his father’s journals, was that his father had actually physically visited the Abbey of Thelema.ALEX: What are you looking for?
STRAND: Some photographs.
ALEX: Okay… any particular pictures?
STRAND: They should be from the ‘50s.
ALEX: Okay, those are in these boxes I think.
STRAND: Maybe ‘56 or ‘57… Here.
ALEX: Oh, is that-?
STRAND: Yes.And there it was, leaning against a moonlight Sicilian sky, the monolith.It was tall and thin and leaned like a creature swooping down just slightly. There was something carved into the top of the immense stone slab, something very familiar - it was a line above two small circles, it was the sign of the Order of the Cenophus, it was the upside-down face.ALEX: Whoa.
STRAND: If I’m not mistaken, he photographed it again a few years later.
ALEX: What does it mean?
STRAND: I don’t know.
ALEX: Do you think your father was looking into the Order of the Cenophus?
STRAND: If he was, there is someone who might be able to confirm it.
ALEX: Thomas Warren?
STRAND: Yes.Nic called and asked for a meeting with Thomas Warren. In the meantime, back to Strand and I going through his black tapes.ALEX: So what are we looking at? Another cult somewhere in Oregon?
STRAND: I don’t know where this is. My notes say the package arrived from Rome, no specific return address, but that chanting sounds like Latin.Watching this black tape I feel like I’ve seen this before. We’re looking at a group of six people in dark robes. I can’t see their faces, I think they’re barefoot. There’s hardly any light, except for a few lanterns outside of their circle. It looks like they’re in a cave or tunnel but it’s hard to tell. The strange thing is the angle at which this is being taped. It’s as if there’s a security camera above the group, as if attached to the ceiling of the cave or tunnel. The chanting gets louder… There are what appear to be intermittent streams of light passing through the group. The six people start making strange movements, as if dancing or twitching in place, their arms stuck to their sides, feet together.ALEX: What is that?
STRAND: I don’t know.In the middle of the circle, there is what looks like a… a figure, a dark silhouette, tall, suddenly appearing as if materialising right before our eyes.ALEX: What happened? What happened to them?
STRAND: That is the question.All six people collapsed on the ground, some on their faces, some on their backs. The figure in the centre, gone. Everything came to a complete and sudden stop.ALEX: That was the shadow-y figure we saw in the Torres birthday party and wedding. You didn’t think this was important enough to show me earlier?
STRAND: It’s not the same figure. Look. If you rewind it… here. Look more carefully at it.We were looking at the shadowy figure appearing in the centre of the circle again. It was moving, translucent, like a dark glass vase vibrating in air.STRAND: What’s missing?
ALEX: Uh… arms?
STRAND: Arms, hands, legs, a head. Everything that would give this human form.
ALEX: It’s just a tall dark... obelisk? What is it?
STRAND: Whatever it is, it’s not human. Could be a form of refracted light onto the camera.
ALEX: You think it’s a hoax?
STRAND: No, at least not technically. If you look here at the moment they collapse, you’ll notice that the lens flare off this one lamp here in the corner. It falls over at the exact moment this person falls. There’s no sign of editing or cut footage. The shadows in the room are all perfectly natural. This video hasn’t been manipulated.
ALEX: Mm… do you think they fainted?
STRAND: I think they’re dead. At least two of them.
ALEX: Why do you say that?
STRAND: Look at this one on its back. You can make out the face.
ALEX: I only see his hair covering his face…
STRAND: You find it strange that a person on his back would have his face entirely covered by his hair? Wouldn’t it fall to the side?
ALEX: What are you getting at?
STRAND: Look at this one, on his front, what does that look like? That bump under the back of the hood.
ALEX: Is that… maybe the shape of a nose?
STRAND: Perhaps…
ALEX: Are they… were their heads… oh my god. Someone twisted their heads around, a hundred-and-eighty degrees?
STRAND: Either these people were already dead and propped up to look alive or…. something caused two of them to break their necks during whatever ceremony that was.
ALEX: Or a seizure?
STRAND: My first thoughts exactly, but that would require that they be half conscious or fully unconscious during whatever rite they were performing. And also it would take a considerable degree of force.
ALEX: God… do you often get anonymous video tapes sent to your institute?
STRAND: Rarely, they usually include their names. Everybody wants the prize. About that-
ALEX: No need to explain.
STRAND: I have the money, it’s not liquid. It’s tied up in-
ALEX: No, I get it, I get it.
STRAND: You know nobody will ever be able to claim anything because nobody will ever be able to prove that something that doesn’t exist exists.
ALEX: So… this seems to fit in with what we’re looking for. A cult that summons demons or something. In Rome.
STRAND: Not necessarily. The package was sent from Rome, it doesn’t mean that this was filmed there. It might not even be Italy.
ALEX: Well, do you know how many cults or occult groups exist in Europe? Maybe we can cross-reference.
STRAND: It’s impossible to say. It’s not like their denomination shows up in a census.
ALEX: Right.
STRAND: Any word on Percival Black?
ALEX: Nope, nothing.
STRAND: Effective vow of silence…
ALEX: Yeah, looks like it.We were at a dead end. With no way to reach Percival Black since he took his supposed vow of silence, there was no way to know for certain what he’d been up to or if he’s a player in this conspiracy, or whatever this is. This was one of those mysteries in which it’s impossible to tell where it begins because at any moment, Dr. Strand could posit a possible scenario that had nothing at all to do with the supernatural but just bad people doing bad things... or people like Simon Reese.NIC: There was a message from somebody in Alaska who claimed to be Simon and another from Argentina. The guy in Alaska did a pretty convincing impression but it didn’t pan out.
ALEX: Argentina?
NIC: Yeah, no, there’s nothing.
ALEX: What about his family? There’s that one aunt who…
NIC: Still not willing to speak with us.
ALEX: Right.
NIC: Simon’ll call.
ALEX: Yeah?
NIC: Yeah.That’s my producer, Nic, he’d been searching online for any mention of Simon Reese which was proving to be difficult and frustrating.ALEX: Simon doesn’t strike me as the type to crash on a friend’s couch.
NIC: Yeah no.
ALEX: Did you try typing ‘bilocating’ into the OkCupid search bar?
NIC: (sarcastically) Hah.
ALEX: Sorry, couldn’t help it.
NIC: Anything new with Strand?
ALEX: Nothing really, just one inexplicable oddity after another.
NIC: Including the man himself.
ALEX: He’s definitely an inexplicable oddity.
NIC: I think he’s warming up a little. Isn’t he?
ALEX: We’ve spent... what?... several hundred hours researching items related to a handful of black tapes and all this time, there were dozens of them in that back room. Just waiting.
NIC: That many?
ALEX: Well it’s gonna take forever if we’re gonna be thorough about this.
NIC: Anything that relates to the Cenophus or the Unsound?
ALEX: Or Percival Black or the Urraca Mesa or Thomas Warren or Glushka or the caves at Bath or Colville or any of the dozens of unrelated mysteries we’re trying to connect?
NIC: You think they’re unrelated?
ALEX: I don’t know what the think.
NIC: Are you not sleeping?
ALEX: I just… (sighs) I need a dog. That’s what I need.
NIC: Yeah?
ALEX: They’re manageable.And in walked our intrepid intern, to save me from admitting to Nic that my night terrors weren’t quite as manageable as I was letting on. Nic, when you hear this as you’re mixing it, sorry.NIC: So what’s up?
INTERN: A volcano rumbled in Europe, aside from that, no signs of the apocalypse. Maybe Simon was right, maybe it’s more like a kind of personal apocalypse.
NIC: Right.
INTERN: It looks like I’m done for the day unless there’s something else.
NIC: Thanks, I’m good.
INTERN: Alex?
ALEX: Unless you know any Italian ninjas gifted at neck-breaking without being seen… I’m good.
INTERN: Michelangelo was Italian… Ninja Turtle… Italian ninja… ugh, never mind.
(laughing)
INTERN: Uh what are you guys doing now?
ALEX: One guess…
INTERN: Oh maybe checking out another one of Strand’s black tapes?
ALEX: Good guess. Okay, there are five black tapes on this memory stick. The last one is the one I’m talking about. In Rome.
NIC: We should probably start marking these things on a map.
INTERN: There’s a black tape from Rome?
ALEX: Well, Strand’s not sure but it was sent from Rome.
INTERN: Uh that’s a weird coincidence, I was just reading about an ancient cult in Rome last week. I sent you guys the article.
NIC: Well in our defense, you do send a lot of articles.
INTERN: The one about the Basilica under an aqueduct?
ALEX: What is it?
INTERN: Well I wouldn’t have thought much about it, but it just popped up in my news feed… Can I?... Here. It was in The Telegraph. It was kind of big news when it happened last year.
ALEX:  “Secret Pagan basilica in Rome emerges from the shadows after two thousand years… An underground chamber that was a place of worship for a mysterious cult two thousand years ago has opened to the public for the first time.”
INTERN: Isn’t that crazy? How like for two thousand years, a secret underground temple was hidden right below one of those ancient Roman gates?
ALEX: Okay, but the tape was sent from Rome. Dr. Strand’s not sure if it was actually taped there though.
INTERN: Okay, but read down. Here, that part.
ALEX:  Uh, “Forty feet below street level”…
INTERN: Down, down. Here.
ALEX:  Okay, “the subterranean basilica, which predates Christianity, was built by a rich Roman family who were devotees of a little-known cult called Neopythagoreanism. Originating in the first century BC, it was a school of mystical Hellenistic philosophy that preached asceticism and was based on the writings of Pythagoras and Plato."
INTERN: Remember when you looked into the Mysterium and you went into all that music theory and that one professor you had on talked about the Pythagorean comma?
NIC: A mathematical missing link or something?
INTERN: But if I remember correctly, it was like a sonic gap, right? And I know we were both thinking it but what if the Unsound is that gap? That… sonic backdoor into our universe created by Lucifer when he was cast out of heaven. What if a long time ago people figured out that Pythagoras solved that gap?
NIC: Like satanic math worshippers?
INTERN: Yeah, like sexy math nerds. (laughs)
ALEX: Can you let me know if you find anything interesting in that last black tape on the thumbdrive?
NIC: Okay but we still have to edit the opening for this episode.
ALEX: Mm, I won’t be long.
NIC: (unconvinced) Okay.While I was sitting there working with Nic, I received a text message. It was brief. “Don’t say anything to anyone. Your coffee shop. Pike Place. 15 minutes.” I dialed Nic, muted the phone, and told him to listen, just in case. The only pay phone within a dozen blocks or so that works was ringing. I looked around, held my cell phone up to the receiver and answered.ALEX: Hello?
SIMON: Hello, Alex.
ALEX: Simon, what’s with all the cloak and dagger stuff?
SIMON: There are people watching you.
ALEX: What people?
SIMON: Interested parties?
ALEX: Who?
SIMON: “Why?” is the question you should be asking, Alex.
ALEX: Why?
SIMON: Because you’re getting too close.
ALEX: Too close to what? Simon? Simon? What happened last time with the five gates, the five movements? Did we-
SIMON: -unleash something powerful?
ALEX: Yes.
SIMON: Not yet.
ALEX: What happened?
SIMON: Are you familiar with primer?
ALEX: The movie?
SIMON: No.
ALEX: The thing you put on before paint?
SIMON: Yes.
ALEX: What about it?
SIMON: You need to think of the five movements as primer.
ALEX: Primer before what? What are we being primed for?
SIMON: The end of everything.
ALEX: I’m afraid I’m gonna need something a bit more concrete. Simon?
SIMON: You need to find out what Daiva Corporation was looking for.
ALEX: Looking for where? And when?
SIMON: As far as when, it was quite recently. As far as where, oh he’s spent time all over the world.
ALEX: Who’s spent time all over the world? Simon?
SIMON: Howard Strand.Simon hung up. I waited for about twenty minutes but he didn’t call again. I went back to the studio to speak with Nic.NIC: So that was interesting.
ALEX: Yeah.
NIC: Primer?
ALEX: I know it’s strange.
NIC: Do you really think we’re being watched?
ALEX: Well Simon seems convinced.
NIC: We found something on the tape.
ALEX: What is it?
NIC: Well, as you heard, there was a lot of background noise. I did my best to clean everything up.
ALEX: That’s from the Mysterium.
NIC: Yeah.
ALEX: It’s the Order of the Cenophus. If we find that cave, we find the Order.
NIC: I don’t think we’re looking for a cave… Take a look.Nic pulled up a still frame from the black tape we’d looked at earlier, from the ceremony.NIC: Look at the bottom of that wall there. The way it connects to the floor, it’s way too straight and smooth to be a cave. I looked up photos of that secret pythagorean basilica in Rome. The ceiling in the tape is way higher.
ALEX: So we’re looking for a tunnel?
NIC: Yeah, with a security camera.
ALEX: What do you mean?
NIC: Well I took a look at the images from this tape. It’s shot in something close to 1080p.
ALEX: Isn’t that standard?
NIC: Now, yes. But look at the date. It’s from 2001. Most of us didn’t have security cameras that could shoot that resolution back then. Whoever made this tape had access to some really expensive equipment.
ALEX: And a reason for needing that high resolution.
NIC: Exactly.A tunnel, high tech cameras, a Pythagorean cult. But Simon’s warning kept echoing in my mind. Was somebody watching us? Was there some connection between Daiva Corporation and Howard Strand? I had a few questions for Thomas Warren. But Warren was the head of an international conglomerate. How was I going to find a way to get to him? Well, it turns out I didn’t have to.ALEX: Hello?
THOMAS: Hello, Alex.
ALEX: Hello.
THOMAS: It’s Thomas Warren. I understand you’ve been trying to get in touch.The Black Tapes is a Pacific Northwest Stories and Minnow Beats Whale production. Recorded in Seattle and Vancouver. Produced, mixed and engineered by Nic Silver. Edited by Nic Silver and Alex Reagan. Executive producers Paul Bae and Terry Miles. If you enjoy The Black Tapes, you’ll love our sister show, Tanis. You can listen to Tanis at iTunes.com/Tanis or TanisPodcast.com. Thank you so much for listening to The Black 