

Ah-ah-ah

I believe that plan involves me getting my own planet

I believe, ah-ah-ah

And I believe that the current President of the Church
Thomas Monson, speaks directly to God
I am a Mormon and, dang it, a Mormon just believes

A Mormon just believes
I know that I must go and do
The things my God commands

Things my God commands

I realize now why he sent me here

Ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah

If you ask the Lord in faith

He will always answer you
Just believe in him and have no fear

General! We have an intruder! He just walked right into camp!

I believe that Satan has a hold of you
I believe that the Lord God has sent me here
And I believe that in 1978 God changed his mind about black people
Black people

You can be a Mormon
A Mormon who just believes

The fuck is this?

And now I can feel the excitement
This is the moment I was born to do
And I feel so incredible
To be sharing my faith with you
The scriptures say that if you ask in faith
If you ask God himself, you'll know
But you must ask him without any doubt
And let your spirit grow!

Let your spirit grow!

I believe that God lives on a planet called Kolob!

I believe

I believe that Jesus has his own planet as well

I believe

And I believe that the Garden of Eden was in Jackson County, Missouri

Ooh

If you believe, the Lord will reveal it
And you'll know it's all true, you'll just feel it
You'll be a Mormon!
And, by gosh, a Mormon just believes

A Mormon just believes
Just believe, a Mormon just believes

Oh, I believe!

Just believe, a Mormon just

I believe!



Well, of course, we don't really have final say over where we get sent, but I have been praying to be sent to my favorite place in the whole world. 

Well, if you prayed for a location, I'm sure Heavenly Father will make it happen. You're like the smartest, best, most deserving Elder the center's ever seen!

Aw, c'mon, you guys...
(sung)
The most important time of a Mormon kid's life
Is his mission
A chance to go out and help heal the world
That's my mission
Soon I'll be off in a different place
Helping the whole human race
I know my mission will be something incredible!
Elders, form a line and step forward when your name is called. Elder Young!

Yes, sir!
You might also like
Your mission brother will be...Elder Grant!

That's—That's me! Hey, brother!
And your mission location is...Norway!

Oh wow, Norway!

Land of gnomes...and trolls!

Hoo-wah!
Hey-ya!
Shoo-wah!
Zadup-wow!

Two by two, we're marching door to door!
'Cause God loves Mormons and he wants some more!
A two year mission is our sacrifice—
We are the army of the church of Jesus Christ!
—Of Latter-day Saints
Two by two, and today we'll know
Who we'll make the journey with and where we'll go
We're fighting for a cause but we're really, really nice
We are the army of the Church of Jesus Christ!
—Of Latter-day Saints

Elder White and Elder Smith!

I knew we'd get paired together!

Your location will be...France!

France! Land of pastries and turtlenecks!

Two by two, I guess it's you and me
We're off to preach across land and sea!

Satan has a hold of France!
We need to knock him off his perch!

We are the soldiers of the army of the Church!

—Of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints!

Elder Cross and Elder Green! You will be serving in...Japan!

Oh! Japan!?

Land of soy sauce...

And Mothra!

Elder Harris and Elder Brown...

Heavenly Father, where will I go on my mission?

On my mission

Will it be China or ol' Mexico on my mission?

My mission

It could be San Fran by the bay
Australia where they say, "G'day!"
But I pray I'm sent to my favorite place—
Orlando!

Orlando

I love you

Orlando!

Sea World and Disney and

Putt-putt golfing!

Elder Price!

Yes, sir!

Your brother will be...Elder Cunningham!

That's me! That's me! Hello!

Oh...hi...

And your mission location is...Uganda!

...Uganda?

Uganda! Cool! Where is that?

Africa!
Oh boy—like Lion King!

Two by two, and now it's time to go
Our paths have been revealed, so let's start the show!
Our shirts are cleaned and pressed and our haircuts are precise
We are the army of the church, we are the army of the church
We are the army of the church of Jesus Christ!


Two by two, we march for victory (Two by two, we march)
Armed with the greatest book in history!
We'll convert everyone all across the planet Earth!
That is the beauty of—
The essence of—
The purpose of—
The mission of—
The soldiers of—
The army of the Church of Jesus Christ!
Of Latter-day 

You mean the Mormon prophet Joseph Smith?

That's right, that young man spoke to God!

He spoke to God?
You might also like
And God said, "Joe, people really need to know that the Bible isn't two parts
There's a Part Three to the Bible, Joe
And I, God, have anointed you to dig up this Part Three
That is buried by a tree on the hill in your backyard!"

Wow, God says go to your backyard and start digging
That makes perfect sense

Joseph Smith went up on that hill
And dug where he was told
And deep in the ground, Joseph found
Shining plates of gold

What are these golden plates?
Who buried them here, and why?
Then appeared an angel
His name was Moroni

I am Moroni
The All-American Angel (All-American)

My people lived here long, long ago (So long ago)
This is the history of my race
Please read the words within
We were Jews, who met with Christ
But we were All-American
But don't let anybody see these plates except for you
They are only for you to see
Even if people ask you to show the plates to them, don't
Just copy them onto normal paper
Even though this might make them question if the plates are real or not
This is sort of what God is going for

Joseph took the plates home
And wrote down what he found inside
He turned those plates into a book
Then he rushed into town and cried

Hey, God spoke to me and gave me
This blessed ancient tome
He hath commanded me to publish it
And stick it in every home
Wow! So the Bible is actually a trilogy?
And the Book of Mormon is "Return of the Jedi"?
I'm interested

Now, many people didn't believe
The Prophet Joseph Smith
They thought he'd made up this Part Three
That was buried by a tree on the hill in his backyard

Liar!

But Joe said

This is no lie, I speak to God all the time
And he told me to head west
So I'll take my Part Three, from the hill with the tree
Feel free if you'd like to come along with me
To the promised land

The promised land?

Paradise, on the West coast
Nothing but fruit and fields, as far as the eye can see

Have you heard of the All-American prophet?
He found a brand new book about Jesus Christ
We're following him to paradise
We call ourselves Mormons
And our new religion is All-American

Wow! How much does it cost?

The Mormons kept on searching for that place to settle down
But every time they thought they'd found it, they got kicked out of town
And even though people wanted to see the golden plates
Joseph never showed 'em

I have maggots in my scrotum

Um, okay?
(sung)
Well, anyway
Now comes the part of our story
That gets a little bit sad
On the way to the promised land
Mormons made people mad
Joseph was shot by an angry mob
And knew he'd soon be done

You must lead the people now
My good friend, Brigham Young
Oh, God! Why are you letting me die?
Without having me show people the plates?
They'll have no proof I was telling the truth or not
They'll have to believe it just 'cause
Oh, I guess that's kinda what you were going for

The Prophet Joseph Smith died for what he believed in. But his followers, they kept on heading west and Brigham Young led them to paradise: A sparkling land in Utah they called Salt Lake City. And there the Mormons multiplied and made big Mormon families. Generation to generation, until finally they made me. And now it's my job to lead you where those early settlers were led, long ago. 

Have you heard of the All-American prophet?

Kevin Price!

The next in line to be the voice of God?

My best friend!

He's gonna do something incredible
And be Joseph Smith again
'Cause Kevin Price, the prophet, is All-American

If you order now, we'll also throw in a set of steak knives!


