

Today I got up the left side of the bed (Of the bed, of the bed)
Don't want drama and for that I roll a blunt & marijuana, oh, oh
Couple of thou' I got trappin' early in the morning, managed to buy my cuban
I bought my car and my mansion in the American nation
I was born to be a millionaire, don't want fame (Woo!)

I've got used to, I've got used to
To always win like twenty-three (I)
I've got used to, I've got used to (Yup)
To shut those who don't believe me
I've got used to, I've got used to (What?)
To not care 'bout the price of what I bought (Don't play)
I'vе got used to, I've got used to (To what?)
To nail all thеse hoes three by three (Aye, yo; Woo)

Let me tell you how I did it fifteen years ago (Ago)
I would sit with Geezy, flip the kilo 'till there was no more, ah (No, no, no)
Then things changed (Yeah) and we started to rap (Yeah)
To worlds travel, the bag arrive, there was no more struggle, no
But if you want me to talk to you about drugs, gladly, youngin', I'll teach you (Yes)
I know the capos and none are frogs; Dominican, Puerto Rican
I don't get along much with employees, why?
For the simple reason (Why?) That I grew up with the owners (Auh!)
One day, a bud of mine, a couple of millions of his made me count
I lasted all night counting bills and my hand began to itch
The hours passed and I was far from finishing yet (Finishing)
To me, that was a sign (Sign) that I was going to get later (Huh!)
You might also like
I've got used to, I've got used to
To always win like twenty-three (I)
I've got used to, I've got used to (Yup)
To shut those who don't believe me
I've got used to, I've got used to (What?)
To not care bout the price of what I bought (Don't play)
I've got used to, I've got used to (To what?)
To nail all these hoes three by three, I (Yeh, yeh, yeh)

I got used to the envious always deceiving (Yeh)
And that for clout, my name mention
(Fuckin' muhfucka, keep my name out of your mouth)
I'm always on my zone, chillin'
Tell'em Luian, that you put your golden tail around your neck and now it weighs a kilo (Hahahaha!)
The movie always stellar
If you don't believe me, ask at Banco Popular
Kush caps, never regular
This an All-Star game, you ain't going to play
Hitting more hits than David Ortíz
I'm with The Beatles, crazy to shoot Kiss
I got used to models with style from Paris, yeh
The most hated: Donald Trump
Oil in the vape, don't smoke blunt anymore
I make him dance kuduro, like Don
They touch me and Armaggedon advances, ah (Yeh)
Thank God for the gift
Since I signed, they all want to take a ride
Drop the Al Capone movie
Cause you could be Carter doing the three-sixty and we give you a block, yeh
I've got used to, I've got used to
To not care 'bout the price of what I bought (I)
I've got used to, I've got used to (Yup)
To nail all these hoes three by three
I've got used to, I've got used to (What?)
To always win like twenty-three (Don't play)
I've got used to, I've got used to (To what?)
To shut those who don't believe me (I)

Yeah
Bad bunny baby
What's good, Arca
We haven't flopped a track
Mambo Kingz
Mambo Kingz!
Aye, tell'em, that we have the trap crown
Tell'em, Luian
Yeah-eh-eh-eh
Hear This Music
Hear This Music


Ah
Ey, yao'
Bryant Myers
Austin, baby
Ah
Po' encima
Yeh

Matamo' la liga cuando estamo' en la tarima (Ah)
Encuentras el dinero cuando estás en la cima (Ah)
Te la tengo juquea', enamora'ita de mi rima
Tú puede' estar cabrón, pero yo estoy po' encima (Aoh)

Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Alright)
¿Quién tiene las llaves de mi beemer?

Con el flow que tengo, tengo tu gata en celo, parapelo
Si no me crees, pregúntamele al Guelo (¡Auh!)
Bling-bling, par de mujeres pidiendo bimbín
Somo' legendarios como Coco Blin Blin
'Toy en un nivel donde mi pijama es Dolce & Gabbana
El cuello me brilla sin usar cubana (-bana)
Tengo putas nueva' to' los fine' de semana
Que viva La Calma, también Torre de Sabana (-bana; ¡wuh!)
Soy bori, también soy domi
Y siempre ando con lo mío, osea, con omi (Wuh)
Cada vez que tú quiera' frontear
Piensa que hay dinero, también te podemos dar (Auh)
You might also like
Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Alright)
¿Quién tiene las llaves de mi beemer?
Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Alright)
¿Quién tiene las llaves de mi beemer?

Tengo 18, tengo un v8 monta'o en la BM
Mi corrillo tiene banshee' y KTM
Cabrón, tú a mí me teme'; mujeres de colore' como M&M
Me vo'a comprar una casa en Vista M
Al lao' de la mansión que tiene Arca
Juégate las carta', yo tengo un combo cabrón en Loma Alta
En mi corillo, somo' tresciento' soldado', como los de Esparta
Tu mujer 'tá loca que el menor la parta, jejeje (Auh)

Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Alright)
¿Quién tiene las llaves de mi beemer? (Yeh)
Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
To my beemer
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Yeah)
Prendo un phillie en la mañana sin sacarme la' lagaña'
Y cojo un arrebato po' encima de la montaña
Yo sé (Yo sé) que se escribe "Por encima"
Pero para mí suena mucho mejor "Po' encima" (-cima, -cima)
Tú 'tá claro, tú sabe' cómo lo hacemo'
Aquí hay dinero y si viene' con amenaza, te metemo' (Wuff)
Hay conexione', tú sabe' que no relajo
Tú hace' montaje y te acostamo' mirando pa' abajo
Tengo diez año' con dinero, exitoso y suerte
Me han mata'o un par de vece', pero yo nunca me he muerto
Mis bille' pago, todo set, to' resuelto
Matando la liga ya que rico es mi puerto (Aoh)

Po' encima (Po' encima), po' encima (Po' encima; jeje)
Who got the keys to my beemer?
Po' encima, siempre po' encima, alright (Alright)
¿Quién tiene las llaves de mi beemer? (Yeh; ¡Uh!)

Yao
Ustede' pueden estar po' encima 'e los tomate'
Po' encima 'e los gandule'
Po' encima 'e la goma
Po' encima 'e las mata'
A última hora, nosotro' estamo' po' encima 'e los astronauta'
(Flow Factory)
Y po' encima de nosotro' solamente está Dios, amén
Magnífico, prra
Bryant Myers (¡Uh!)
Hear This Music
Po' encima
Dí-Díselo, Luian
Mambo Kingz
Pina Records (Pina 