
1 ContributorGlaive | I Care So Much That I Don’t Care At All, Song Writing, Dark Souls 3, Timothée Chalamet Lyricshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELKySCw6INM 8:30~
Zach: Hello beautiful human, I am Zach, that is Daniel, welcome here to the studio. glaive
Daniel: Woo
glaive: Yay, hehe
Zach and glaive: It's so weird, like, it's not weird. I've seen you around a (Uh huh) few times because we share mutual friends
glaive: Yeah
Zach and glaive: But we've never exchanged, I think, like maybe (Words) any, any words
glaive: Yeah, I don't think any words at all
Zach: Like you live with two of my friends, or livеd with two of my friends
glaive: Yeah, still, wе're still doing it, it's crazy
Zach: Who, um, I mean, Alexander 23 and—
glaive: Yeah, we were, recorded out of his studio, some of my album.
Zach: Sick
glaive: Yeah
Zach: That would, that backhouse
glaive: Dude, he's fucking awesome. He's great, he, he, we recorded a song called "pardee urgent care" together and he's a, he's a lovely lad.
Zach: How do you even meet him, how do you meet Hunter?
glaive: How do I meet? Uh, I don't know how do I meet these people. Um, most of the time, it's just like randomly, um, and we'll just start speaking and then overtime we'll be like, "We should make music together," and then we make music together and then we, it comes out beautifully and then everybody's happy and we all win.
Zach: I'm gonna be honest, like, we've been in the same room so many times, I've seen you at Coachella a bunch
glaive: Okay
Zach: First time I ever saw you, I'ma be honest, I thought you were the kid from Stranger Things
glaive: That's fine, I get that, I get that a lot.
Zach and glaive: Shoutout to him, he's—, Finn, baller, brother. He's awesome.
Zach: But I never thought your speaking voice would be like this.
glaive: What did you imagine it to be?
Zach: I love where we're at, I don't know like—.
glaive: You want me to be like more, less, dial back, dial it up?
Zach: Be exactly who you are, 'cause it's working.
glaive: Thank you.
Zach: Yeah, I had no idea what I thought, but like, whatever it's at—.
glaive: Could you imagine me having like a British accent or something?
Zach: Maybe.
glaive: Like?
Zach: But you're from Florida.
glaive: Yeah, I am from Florida, I was—. But my mom's British so, maybe?
Zach: Oh, that's sick.
glaive: Sometimes I say, I say like, "I suppose" a lot, which maybe is British? But I, I say like, I don't know. Some people think I'm British, some people think I'm like, gonna like, have like a real strong southern accent but, it's all, we're all good over here, man.
Zach: You grew up around horses?
glaive: Yes sir, we, uh, my dad is a professional Polo player, do you know what Polo is?
Zach: I think, I think so
glaive and Zach: You're aware? I'll give it a bit of an explanation. So it's like you're on a horse and there's a, you have mallets, and there's ball— like a white ball, it's kind of like, sized like a grapefruit. And you hit it, and it's hard as fuck and then, and you hit it through the goal and there's like horses going top speed. Yeah, my dad's broken every bone in his body. It's like a pretty dangerous sport. And uh, (Woah), that- that's how my parents met. My mom was a Polo manager, she managed like a club, and my dad came to the club and now look at me, I'm here.
Daniel and glaive: Wow, (For real), what a good story.
glaive: I know, I cut thr—, I skipped some parts, yeah, that's like the genesis.
Zach and glaive: But at one point, you genuinely wanted to be around animals and be a vet-vet, right? (Yeah, I did)
glaive: Wow, okay, you know it all. Yeah, I did. I used to like, before I made music, I wanted— that was my thought, I was like, "I'm gonna be a vet." And before that, I was gonna be a lawyer. So it was like, I was gonna do something, I was gonna do something with my time. But yeah, I really wanted to be a vet, I thought it would be cool but now, and this is kind of fucked up to say but like, second highest suicide rate job. I don't think I could've cut it, cut it through.
Zach: Re—, wha—, because you have to deal with traumatic stuff?
glaive: You have to do so much like, euthanization. Like, I don't, I don't think I could have done that, I would have had to been like, uh, I would have to like, "Assistant had to do that," because I don't think I could have done it. It's sad, it's sad, it's sad. I mean statistically, it's sad as well.
Zach: No, it did, hundred percent. It's weird, I don't even really—, you never think that a vet's job is really emotionally tough.
glaive: Yeah, it is. There's this book series called uh, James—, James Mary, James Herriot, something like that, and it's uh, about a vet, and it made me want to be a vet but I didn't realize like, "Damn, his life probably was really hard."
Zach: Wow
glaive: And I, and I've, and I love him for that.
Zach: So, how do you get to music? Are you around it growing up at all?
glaive: My mom played music in the car but my mom is tone deaf and my dad is tone deaf, so they can't sing, they can't like, understand, they don't understand, like if you know what being tone deaf means, it's like you can't understand how music works, like you can't. If you're singing it, you can't sing the same notes because it just doesn't make sense, and I've always just liked singing. I think at first, I was like, way worse than I am now, I'd like to think, and uh, yeah, I just fucking started doing it when I was fifteen and it's working out so far.
Zach: When did you realize that you could understand music?
glaive: Um, I don't know, I don't think I did. I think I was really bad at first, there's like my first songs, like I just obviously didn't understand music, it was like a learned skill, which I think everybody can do.
Zach: You definitely understood what honesty was, as "life is pain" is pretty intense.
glaive: Yeah, my—, the first song I ever put on Spotify, I produced that when I was like, I think I probably made that when I was fourteen, it came out when I was fifteen. Um, yeah, I mean it it pretty intense. I've always been a pretty intense kid, like even when I was younger, I was like pretty full-on, which was, uh, annoying at the time, but it worked out, obviously. But yeah, I definitely got it pretty fast, I picked it up pretty quickly. Like music, probably like three or four months, I was like, ma-made "life is pain" after like, I learned FL Studio.
Zach: Wha—, so you, you start with FL, is that like—
glaive: Yeah, I still use FL to this day
Zach: Is that like Fruity Loops or something?
glaive: Yeah, so FL Studio, it's like, basically the reason I was using is because like everyone that made—, I wanted to make beats. That's how I started, I wanted to make beats, I only want to make beats and be a producer and I was really bad at making beats, so nobody would get on them so I would just get on them and they were really bad and then they got slowly, got better and then I was like, that's like when "life is pain" happened, I like made the beat for that and then I sung over it and then after a while, people just started sending me stuff and I realized, "I'm really bad at making beats," like, I just like, not intrinsically very good at it. So I stopped kinda doing that as much, and now we're coming back to it now, but like for a while, I didn't do it at all, and uh, yeah. I—, but I definitely think I'm better at singing than making beats because I'm pretty bad at making— I guess I—, at the time, I was kind of bad at both but I really, I fooled the world because I like knew about autotune and like, I would like sing it a few times and we'd get there, we'd get there.
Zach: Do you believe your voice is a muscle, like, so you do have the ability to make it stronger?
glaive and Zach: Yeah, a hundred percent, you do. I've started taking vocal lessons, which is kind of like, I don't know, it makes me seem like a real musician, but I've started doing vocal lessons and uh, the lady like, really is trying to drive that home in me and she's like, "Yes, it's a muscle, you gotta take care of it," and uh, I think she might be lying but it's chill, like I don't know. I think it's just whatever dude, just sing. There's some people okay, this is how I think about it. Like, I met Post Malone, right. Dude just rips cigarettes all the time and he's fucking amazing at singing. What does that—, doesn't make sense. If it's a muscle, wouldn't his muscle be fucked? (Well) That's how I thought ab—, I don't know, he's also probably just like—, he probably does singing lessons, I don't know (I don't know)
Zach: It's like— he could be doing other things, he could be built differently.
glaive and Zach: He cou—, I think he might actually be built differently than me, yeah. But I don't know, I-I-I think—. (And that's okay) Yeah. And it's okay, and I forgive him for that
Zach: Yeah, forgive him for that. That's, that's where our head should be
Daniel: Why did you want to take singing lessons if you were doing good without the singing lessons?
glaive: Um, so I was going on tour, I've been doing—, I've been touring, I'm a touring musician, um, and uh—.
Zach: Is that wild to say?
glaive: Yeah, it is. I-it does sound like, uh, I was telling my manager this a few days ago, I was like, It feels like I'm like role playing somebody else's life, kind of, sometimes, which may be a little weird and it's a little scary sometimes but it's so fucking cool. I was literally just talking about the tour on the way here. But yeah, I was just singing a lot and I was singing really badly. I don't know if you know that, but you can sing unhealthily and that's what she's teaching me not to do. She's not really teaching me how to sing any better, because like, I don't—, I'm not trying to do like "ooh-wa-ah-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh," like I'm not trying to do the whole vocal runs thing, I'm just trying to like, sing how I want to sing for long—, forever, you know what I mean?
Daniel: So your voice will last longer when performing live?
glaive and Daniel: Exactly (Got it), that's, that's it. I don't really care about the whole like, being like a singer that can go from G sharp major to D flat minor in ten seconds through the whole chromatic scale, like it just doesn't matter, like I don't care.
Zach: You want to be able to sustain.
glaive: Yeah, exactly, I care about longevity, I suppose.
Zach: Why do you get rid of your name , which is probably one of the coolest names I've ever heard in my fucking life?
glaive: My name? Like my birth name?
Zach: Yeah, it's so cool.
glaive: Ash Blue Gutierrez.
Zach and glaive: That is—, what? Like what, like where are we at, like, what like, that gives, that gives like (Yeah), elite, like fashion. That's giving artists.
glaive: Yeah, it definitely like, in retrospect, probably would have been an easy name to like—, just that could have been a good artist name.
Zach: But you give glaive.
glaive: Yeah, right, that's what I'm saying. Okay so, I'm like a, like a gamer, I'm a deep-cut gamer, and I just like, was playing games in the same video game and I, and I just was like, "That's gonna be my name," and now looking back at it, it's like a good name, but it's not like the best name ever. Like I could have come—, I definitely could have come up with something better, but I'm happy with it, I'm not mad.
Embed

But no one is ever gonna love you more than I do
No one's gonna love you more than I do

And anything to make you smile
It is a better side of you to admire
But they should never take so long
Just to be over, then back to another one

And no one is ever gonna love you more than I do
No one's gonna love you more than I do

And someone, they could've warned you
When things start splittin' at the seams and now
The whole thing's tumblin' down
Things start splittin' at the seams and now
If things start splittin' at the seams and now
It's tumblin' down hard
You might also like
Yeah, anything to make you smile
You are the ever-living ghost of what once was
They never want to hear you say
That you'd be better off, or you liked it that way

And no one is ever gonna love you more than I do
No one's gonna love you more than I do

But someone, they should've warned you
If things start splittin' at the seams and now
The whole thing's tumblin' down
Things start splittin' at the seams and now
If things start splittin' at the seams and now
It's tumblin' down 

Maybe I'll tell you sometime
Time, sometime
And you were right
Right, you were right

Outside, by your doorstep
In a worn-out suit and tie
I'll wait for you to come down
Where you find me, where we'll shine
Outside, by your doorstep
In a worn-out suit and tie
I'll wait for you to come down
Where you find me, where we'll shine
Outside, by your doorstep
In a worn-out suit and tie
I'll wait for you to come down
Where you find me, where we'll shine, ohYou might also 

Ooh
Ooh

Really too late to call, so we wait for
Morning to wake you is all we got
But to know me as hardly golden
Is to know me all wrong, they won

At every occasion, I'll be ready for the funeral
At every occasion once more, it's called the funeral
At every occasion, oh, I'm ready for the funeral
At every occasion of one billion day funeral

I'm coming up only to show you down for
And coming up only to show you wrong
To the outside, the dead leaves they own the lawn
'Fore they died and had trees to hang there upon
You might also like
Ooh
Ooh

At every occasion, I'll be ready for the funeral
At every occasion once more, it's called the funeral
At every occasion, oh, I'm ready for the funeral
At every occasion of one billion day funeral
---
