

You wake up late for school, man, you don't wanna go
You ask your mom, "Please?", but she still says, "No!"
You missed two classes and no homework
But your teacher preaches class like you're some kind of *jerk*

You gotta fight for your right
To party

Your pop's caught you smokin', man, he says, "No way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day
Man, livin' at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag (Busted)

You gotta fight for your right
To party
You gotta fight

You might also like
Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair
Your mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
Aw, Mom, you're just jealous, it's the Beastie Boys

You gotta fight for your right
To party
You gotta fight for your right
To party

Party


6.1.1995 — Cal Expo… Read More 

Girls!
All I really want is (Girls!)
And in the morning it's (Girls!)
'Cause in the evening it's (Girls!)

I like the way that they walk
And it's chill to hear them talk
And I can always make 'em smile
From White Castle to the Nile

Back in the day (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
There was this girl around the way (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
She liked my home-piece MCA (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
He said he would not give her play (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I asked him, "Please?"; he said, "You may" (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
Her pants were tight, and that's ok (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
If she would dance, I would DJ (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
We took a walk down to the bay

I hope she'll say (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
"Hey, me and you should hit the hay!" (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I asked her out, she said, "No way!"(bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I should've probably guessed her gay (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
So I broke north with no delay (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I heard she moved real far away (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
That was two years ago this May (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I seen her just the other day
Jockin' Mike D to my dismay
You might also like
(Girls!) To do the dishes, (Girls!) to clean up my room
(Girls!) To do the laundry, (Girls!) and in the bathroom
(Girls!) That's all I really want is girls (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
Two at a time, I want girls (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
With new-wave hairdos, I want girls (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, bom-bom)
I ought to whip out my – girls, girls, girls, girls, girls…!  (bom, bom, bom-bom, bom-bom, bom, bom, 

All you Trekkies and TV addicts
Don't mean to diss, don't mean to bring static
All you Klingons in the fucking house
Grab your backstreet friend and get loud
Blowin' doors off hinges
I'll grab you with the pinchers
And no, I didn't retire
I'll snatch you up with a needle nose pliers

Like Mutual of Omaha
Got the ill boat you've never seen before
Glidin' in the glades
And like Lorne Greene, you know I get paid
Like caprese and with the basil
Not goofy like Darrin or Hazel
I'm a motherfuckin' Nick at Nite
With classics rerunning that you know all right

Now remain calm, no alarm
'Cause my farm ain't fat
So what's up with that?
I've got friends and family that I respect
When I think I'm too good, they put me in check
So believe when I say I'm no better than you
Except when I rap, so I guess it ain't true
Like that, y'all, and you just don't stop
Guaranteed to make your body rock
You might also like
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this muthafucking party out

I said, "Doc, what's the condition?
I'm a man that's on a mission"
He said, "Son, you'd better listen
Stuck in your ass is an electrician"
Like a scientist
Mmm, when I'm applying this
Method of controlling my mind
Like Einstein and the Rapping Duke combined

Now, hey, baby bubba, now what's the deal?
I didn't know you go for that mass appeal
Some call it salugi, some hot potato
I stole your mic, but you won't see it later
'Cause I work magic like a magician
I add up, the mathematician
I'm a bank cashier, engineer
I wear cotton and I don't wear sheer
Shazam and abracadabra
In the whip, I'm gonna cruise past ya
Yo, money, don't chump yourself
Put that shit back on the shelf
Light rays blazing, you're out of phase, and my crew's amazing
We're working on the record, yo, so just stay patient

Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this motherfucking party out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out

Now, I go by the name of the King Ad-Rock
I don't wear a cup nor a jock
I bring the shit that's beyond bizarre
Like Miss Piggy (Who, moi?)
I am the one with the clientele
You say, "Ad-Rock, you rock so well"
I've got class like pink champale
MCA, grab the mic before the mic goes stale
Don't test me, they can't arrest me
I'll fake right, cross-over and shoot lefty
You look upset, yo, calm down
You look like Cable Guy dunked off of your crown
I flow like smoke out a chimney
You never been me
You wanna rap but what you're making ain't hip-hop, B

Now-
Get your clothes right out the dryer
Put Armor All up on your tire
Sport that fresssssh attire
Tonight we goin' out, set the town on fire
Set the town ablaze
Gonna stun and amaze
Ready to throw a craze
Make your granny shake her head and say "those were the days"

Now check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out
What-wha-what-what-what's it all about
Work-wa-work-work-work-wa-work it out
Let's turn this motherfucking party 

So, so, so, so listen up, 'cause you can't say nothin'
You shut me down with a push of your button
But, yo, I'm out, and I'm gone
I'll tell you now, I keep it on and on

'Cause what you see, you might not get
And we can bet, so don't you get souped yet
Scheming on a thing, that's a mirage
I'm trying to tell you now, it's sabotage

Why?
(Our backs are now against the wall)
You might also like
Listen, all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen, all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen, all y'all, it's a sabotage
Listen, all y'all, it's a sabotage

I can't stand it, I know you planned it
I'ma set it straight, this Watergate
But I can't stand rockin' when I'm in this place
Because I feel disgrace because you're all in my face
But make no mistakes and switch up my channel
I'm Buddy Rich when I fly off the handle
What could it be? It's a mirage
You're scheming on a thing, that's 