

Ayo, spark up the Phillies and pass the stout
Make it quick, money grip, 'fore yo' ass is out
In a street brawl, I strike men quicker than lightnin'
You seen what happened in my last fight, friend? Aight, then
L's a clever threat, a lyricist who never sweat
Comparin' yourself to me is like a Benz to a Chevrolet
And clown rappers I'm bound to slay
I'm sayin' hi to all the cuties from around the way
Yeah, 'cause I got all of them sprung, Jack
My girls are like boomerangs
No matter how far I throw 'em, they come back
I'm comin' straight out the NYC
I'm down with Diggin' In The Crates and I'm MVP

If rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
Ayo, if rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
You might also like
Yo, it's a must that I get papes
Peace to all the DJs who gave me love on they mixtapes
And once again, the man's back with a dance track
So here's your chance, Jack, to get loose and let your hands clap
I got juice like Boku, mad crews I broke through
Brothers be mad 'cause I hit more chicks than they spoke to
And every time I'm jammed, I always find a loophole
I got a crime record longer than Manute Bol
And my raps are unbelievable like aliens and flyin' saucers
No more iron horses 'cause I'm buyin' Porsches
Comin' straight out the NYC
Peace to the Kid Capri, I'm MVP

If rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
Yo, if rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
If rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
Yo, if rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C

Battles I lose none, I make crews run, I get fools done
Got ten fingers, but only use one
I run up like Machine Gun Kelly with a black skully
Put one in your belly, leave you smelly, then take your Pelle Pelle
I'm the neighborhood lamper, punani vamper
Mess around, you'll find my silk boxers in your Mommy's hamper
And nowadays, girls want you for your money
I'm like Heav', I got nothin' but love for you, honey
And since I'm lookin' slick, and my pockets are thick
I need surgery to get chicks removed from my— (Chill)
I'm comin' straight out the NYC
Rap's my J-O-B, and I'm MVP
If rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
Yo, if rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
If rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C
Yo, if rap was a game, I'll be MVP
The most valuable poet on the M-I-C



Ayo, you better flee hops, or get your head flown three blocks
L keep rappers' hearts pumpin' like Reeboks
And every year I gain clout and my name sprouts
Some brothers'd still be virgins if crack never came out
I got the wild style, always been a foul child
My guns go "boom-boom" and your guns go "pow-pow"
I'm known to have a hottie open, I keep the shotty smokin'
Front, and get half the bones in your body broken
And when it comes to gettin' nookie I'm not a rookie
I got girls that make that chick Toni Braxton look like Whoopi
I run with sturdy cliques, I'm never hittin' dirty chicks
Got thirty-five bodies, buddy, don't make it thirty-six
Step to this, you're good as gone
Word is born, I leave mics torn when I put it on

So put it on, Big L, put it on!
Come on, put it on, and on, and on!
Come on, put it on, Big L, put it on!
Come on, put it on, represent, put it on, come on!
You might also like
Nobody can take nothin' from Big L but a loss, chief
The last punk who fronted got a mouth full of false teeth
I'm known to gas a hottie and blast a shotty
Got more cash than Gotti (You don't know?), you better ask somebody
Big L is a crazy brother, and I'm a lady lover
A smooth kid that'll run up in your baby mother
I push a slick Benz, I'm known to hit skins
And get ends and commit sins with sick friends
'Cause I'm a money getter, also a honey hitter
You think you nice as me? Haha, you's a funny nigga
I flows, so one of my shows wouldn't be clever to miss
I'm leavin' competitors pissed, to tell you the truth, it gets no better than this
I'm catchin' wreck to the break of dawn
In this song, yo, it's a must that I put it on

Yeah, so put it on, Big L, put it on!
C'mon, put it on, big fella, put it on and on!
Put it on, Big L!
Put it on, represent!
Put it on, c'mon, put it on!

Some boys see me gun nozzle and take a we fi joke
Boy, you gwan dead before you see me gun smoke
See me gun nozzle and take me fi joke
You gwan dead from a me you provoke
I drink Moët, not Beck's beer, I stay dressed in slick gear
Peace to my homies in the gangsta lean, I'll see you when I get there
And it's a fact I keep a gat in my arm reach
I charm freaks and bomb geeks from here to Palm Beach
I'm puttin' rappers in the wheelchair, Big L is the villain you still fear
'Cause I be hangin' in Harlem and shit is for real here
If you battle L, you picked the wrong head
I smash mics like cornbread, you can't kill me, I was born dead
And I'm known to pull steel trigs and kill pigs
I run with ill kids and real nigs who peel wigs
My raps is steady slammin', I keep a heavy cannon
It's a new sheriff in town and it ain't Reggie Hammond
Peace to my peoples, the Children of the Corn
'Cause we put it on, adiós, ghost, I'm gone

So put it on, Big L, put it on!
C'mon, put it on, big fella, put it on and on!
Big L, you gotta put it on and on!
Put it on, Big L, put it on and on!
Word up, nahmsayin'?
My man Big L, runnin' things for the nine-four
And nine-oh-s, you know what I mean?
It's the Kid Capri, in full flair
And we gon' put it on a little somethin' like this
Big L, c'mon!
Lord Finesse (He be puttin' it on)
My man Buckwild (He be puttin' it on and on)
My man Fat Joe (He be puttin' it on)
Showbiz & A.G. (Yeah, they be puttin' it on and on)
I can't forget Diamond D (He be puttin' it on)
The whole D.I.T.C. (Yeah, they be puttin' it on and on)
And of course Kid Capri (Yeah, I be puttin' it on)
The whole NYC (Yeah, we be puttin' it on and on)
And I'm 

I steal lives like a stone thief, so leave me alone, chief
Or catch a buck shot to your dome piece
I must warn — I got it goin' on, word is bond
Ducks be gettin' thrown off platforms like PM Dawn
I'm catchin' bodies like a villain's supposed to
And I squeeze triggers — not just on niggas, but hoes too
So don't try to test me, 'cause I can't stand testers
Fuck around, I'll introduce you to your ancestors
Step to this and get left with a face full of tears, pal
But man, you've been rappin' for years now
And ain't made a hit yet, you flop in a split sec
In the shower's the only time you get your dick wet
I roll with scary crews, I come out of wars barely bruised
I'm puttin' motherfuckers on the Daily News
I was a gangsta from the get-go
Leavin' fags in body-bags with tags on their big toe
You might also like
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black

Yo, ever since I was young, I ripped mics and I killed beats
And I'm known to milk freaks and hit 'em on silk sheets
No dame can give me a bad name, I got mad fame
I'm quick to put a slug in a fag brain
I be placin' snitches inside lakes and ditches
And if I catch AIDS, then I'ma start rapin' bitches
I'm all about makin' papes, kid
I killed my mother with a shovel just like Norman Bates did
My old man in the past stuck me up without a mask
Then his ass cold dashed with my cash fast
Fifty G's is what the creep stole
So the next day, knocked on his door
And shot his granny through the peephole
That's the type of shit I'm on, word is bond
Got it goin' on, from the break of dawns to the early morn'
You know my style, I'm wild, comin' straight out of Harlem, pal
It's Big L, the motherfuckin' problem child
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black
(Thugs better scat when the gat goes click-clack!)
Or I'ma have your family dressed in all black

This goes out to all y'all bitch-ass niggas!
So if your mother ain't ready for a funeral, don't fuck with me
'Cause I know a good way to get your family together, and I ain't talkin' 'bout a reunion, motherfucker!
Yo, I'm 'bout to sign out, but before I go, I gotta say peace to the NFL crew
You know who you are!
And all y'all niggas talkin' that gun shit and won't bust a rhyme: stop fakin' the funk!
Word! I'm 'bout to get up outta here!
Yo, I'm out, B!
Yo, peace, man!
I gotta get this money; so all y'all niggas on my hit list — get your suits ready! 