

The song samples Dr. Dre’s song “What’s The Difference (Unreleased Version).”
Sean Paul and Blu Cantrell
Remix that gon' make the head swell, yo
Yo, hey, yo, boom, yo, hey, yo, dutty, yeah

(Breathe) So what's that supposed to be about, baby?
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy
Reminisce 'pon all the good times daily
Why you trying to pose like I be acting shady? (Breathe)
What's that supposed to be about, baby? (Hey, yo)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy
Sean Paul give you the good loving daily
Now you trying to pose like I be acting shady? (Talk to me now, Blu)

You say you love me, say you love me
But you're never there for me, yeah (Hmm-mm)
You be crying, slowly dying
When I decide to leave (Oh, oh)

All we do is make up (Make up), then break up (Break up)
Why don't we wake up and see?
When love hurts (Love hurts), it won't work (Won’t work)
Maybe we need some time alone
We need to let it breathe
You might also like
So what's that supposed to be about, baby? (Breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy (Breathe)
Reminisce 'pon all the good times daily (Breathe)
Why you trying to pose like I be acting shady?

You're only lonely when your homie
Ain't got a ride or no loot, yeah (Yeah), uh-huh
Then comes the drama
Some other girl is claiming she's going out with you (Hmm-mm)

All we do is make up (Make up), then break up (Break up)
Why don't we wake up and see?
When love hurts (Love hurts), it won't work (Won’t work)
Maybe we need some time alone
We need to let it breathe

So what's that supposed to be about, baby? (Breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy (Breathe)
Shady (Shady), Shady (Breathe, breathe, ooh)

Dutty, yeah
Why, girl (C'mon, girl), for the fourth time
If I make it very clear to you
You're very dear to me
And all my heart me share to you
Me not unfair to you
Woman, I want fa real and make you know
That I will always draw near to you
But me know me nah no fair to you (Eh!)
Me stand up like a man and I'll be there (Okay)
Because I care for you
Long time me a tell you me no have no gal a compare to you
Woman, if you leave me now
I'm gonna shed a lot of tear for you
You want to breathe and still you're not exhaling (Yo, yo)
Say you want to leave 'cause this relationship failing (C'mon, girl)
Ain't nobody say that it would be smooth sailing
Girl, I want to know why you bailing ship, yo
So what's that supposed to be about, baby? (Breathe)
Gal, free up ya vibe and stop acting crazy (Breathe)
Reminisce 'pon all the good times daily (Lady a good girl)
Why you trying to pose like I be acting shady? (Let it breathe)

(Shady, shady, shady, baby, baby) Baby, we need some time alone
So we can just breathe (Breathe)
Let it breathe (Breathe)
(Breathe) Breathing
(Breathe, breathe) Let it breathe (Breathe)
Breathe (Breathe, breathe), uh-uh-uh
Yeah, let it breathe, yeah (Shady, shady, shady, baby, baby)
Time to breathe, y'all
(Breathe, breathe) Oh, breathe
Time to breathe y'all (