

Let's get it
Last round! Yoshi G, it's on you
Let's get it

STOP PLAYIN' WIT' ME!

STOP PLAYIN' WIT' ME!!!
NIGGA, WHAT'S A "THOT BAR"!?
Hopin' Jakk' get Top off? That's literally nothin' (nuttin') for me
I'm that sick, but psychologically, why am I like this?
Why when I see a D, HD- (ADHD)?
Drugz (drugs), I need an addy right quick
All hazy, hormones raging, I need to make a life switch
I'm just Living Single
I say...hormones raging, I'm just Living Single, I better make a life switch
Like "Turn off getting turned on by some light dick"
I never seen so much darkness in a bright bitch!
And if I couldn't rap, I wouldn't gain shit!
(*Yoshi takes a couple deep breaths*)
I just dropped my daughter off to her father in Atlanta
We in a tournament...
Fuck that...we actually co-parent, so it's his turn, I meant
And any objection by me for him to see his daughter would be outta pocket
This isn't in my genes, I didn't inherit this logic
It's just a generational curse, and I'm determined to stop it
And I gotta stop puttin' it on my father, 'cause it's a pain split
I mean, it didn't help hearin' my mama keep tellin' me, "Yo' daddy ain't shit"
Or "Get out my face! You look just like that nigga! You makin' me sick!"
So if at my best, I'm my father's daughter, I'm only embracin' what I was taught he is
And no, I don't blame you, Mama, but it's no wonder a negative thot (thought) exists
I say that to say this: you're a good father
I thought that you should know
I think the way you fight to be in your baby girl's life is beautiful
Baby mamas purposely keepin' the child out of the father's life cruel and unusual
I root for you
I cannot imagine what that kind of pain would do to you
Just don't give up, Drugz
I know that's like a oxymoronic way to soothe you through
So if this gives you any comfort, I guarantee she'll bring your daughter to your funeral
You think you controllin' my mental?

That was crazy

Sike, Drugz (psych drugs)
I'm crazy
I need a saving A. Ward and a Valium, that's a white drug
Keyshia Cole..."I Should Have Cheated"!
Nah, that's a jam for me
'Cause I wanna be, artistically free
Mr. 1-10 on the App! That give me a 90% chance of kickin' yo' ass
I could even beat you wit' a light ars': "Nigga, you trash!"
I just need a ounce of thot (thought) to get Drugz (drugs) fully bagged
I see you bitches watchin'
I'm the anomaly, you the option
Get to know me
Good shit, man

May 13th will make a year since I've seen my daughter
If you watchin' right now, Kennedy, I love you
See, you up here rappin' your heart out 'cause you want to
I need that 100K so I can pay for the lawyers to come through
I'm not here for a battle
I'm here to make sure my daughter don't become you
'Cause us fathers, y'all don't know what we go through
They told me with that prize money, I can afford to buy half the rights
But that's crazy, 'cause I feel like shit like that shouldn't even have a price!
So if I lose, it'll be my saddest night!
Don't play wit' me!
Because huggin' my daughter means much more than 100K to me!
To say the least, you probably gon' fuck somebody raw today
I mean for real
You don't see your own worth, it's broad as day
She like early Bitcoin investors
Because she ain't know what had had value, now she mad cause she done gave it all away
And shit'll be different if you had a father that was a call away
But he walked away and look how you turned out
That's karma, I am scared cause this is a direct result if I don't get my daughter
Can y'all understand that?
Listen here
I'm not here for a battle, I came to face my fears
Let's get it clear
You put yourself through so much shit for battle rap dick
One day I even found myself helping you
Remember you flew all the way to fuckin' Atlanta with nowhere to stay
Dumb ass
And a nigga curved you, that shit was unacceptable
If it wasn't for me you would've been sleeping on that hotel lobby couch, cause you ain't have no revenue
{Chokes}
You flew your horny ass out there with nowhere to stay
You a homeless sexual
You not even respectable
 I like that

This whole shit, you need to put it all to rest
Cause there isn't a dick in the world that can fill the hole your father left
You lost all respect
But when it come to that hoe shit, I heard sis' best
I done heard stories about her suckin', fuckin', cookin', cleanin' and critiquing rounds, bitch I'm impressed
I think you get it from your mame that live in Miami
Y'all crazy if you think less
So you got wifey material in your genes, or you just that stressed?
It's the way you carry yourself
That's why other girls get more and you get less
You gotta learn from the game Yoshi
Niggas only gon' ride witchu 'til they get to they 