

Debbie just hit the wall, she never had it all
One Prozac a day, husband's a CPA
Her dreams went out the door when she turned twenty-four
Only been with one man, what happened to her plan?

She was gonna be an actress, she was gonna be a star
She was gonna shake her ass on the hood of Whitesnake's car
Her yellow SUV is now the enemy
Looks at her average life, and nothing has been alright

Since Bruce Springsteen, Madonna, way before Nirvana
There was U2 and Blondie, and music still on MTV
Her two kids in high school, they tell her that she's uncool
'Cause she's still preoccupied with 19, 19, 1985 (Woo-hoo-hoo)

(1985) (Woo-hoo-hoo)

She's seen all the classics, she knows every line
Breakfast Club, Pretty in Pink, even Saint Elmo's Fire
She rocked out to Wham!, not a big Limp Bizkit fan
Thought she'd get a hand on a member of Duran Duran
See Bowling for Soup LiveGet tickets as low as $54You might also like
Where's the mini-skirt made of snake skin?
And who's the other guy that's singing in Van Halen?
When did reality become TV?
Whatever happened to sitcoms, game shows?
On the radio was

Springsteen, Madonna, way before Nirvana
There was U2 and Blondie, and music still on MTV
Her two kids in high school, they tell her that she's uncool
'Cause she's still preoccupied with 19, 19, 1985 (Woo-hoo-hoo)


She hates time, make it stop
When did Mötley Crüe become classic rock? (Classic rock)
And when did Ozzy become an actor?
Please make this stop, stop, stop!

And bring back Springsteen, Madonna, way before Nirvana
There was U2 and Blondie, and music still on MTV
Her two kids in high school, they tell her that she's uncool
'Cause she's still preoccupied, 1985 (Woo-hoo-hoo)
Since Bruce Springsteen (She hates time), Madonna, way before Nirvana (1985)
There was U2 (Make it stop) and Blondie, and music still on MTV (1985) (Woo-hoo-hoo)
Her two kids (She hates time) in high school, they tell her that she's uncool (1985)
'Cause she's still (Make it stop) preoccupied with 19, 19, 

Stacy, can I come over after school? (After school)
We can hang around by the pool (Hang by the pool)
Did your mom get back from her business trip? (Business trip)
Is she there, or is she trying to give me the slip? (Give me the slip)

You know, I'm not the little boy that I used to be
I'm all grown up now, baby can't you see

Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
She's all I want and I've waited for so long
Stacy, can't you see you're just not the girl for me
I know it might be wrong but I'm in love with Stacy's mom
Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
Stacy's mom has got it goin' on

Stacy, do you remember when I mowed your lawn? (Mowed your lawn)
Your mom came out with just a towel on (Towel on)
I could tell she likes me from the way she stared (The way she stared)
And the way she said, "You missed a spot over there" (A spot over there)
See Bowling for Soup LiveGet tickets as low as $54You might also like
And I know that you think it's just a fantasy
But since your dad walked out, your mom could use a guy like me

Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
She's all I want, and I've waited for so long
Stacy, can't you see you're just not the girl for me
I know it might be wrong
But I'm in love with Stacy's mom


Stacy's mom has got it goin' on (She's got it going)
She's all I want and I've waited for so long (Waited and waited)
Stacy can't you see your just not the girl for me
I know it might be wrong, but oh oh
(I know it might be wrong)
I'm in love with (Stacy's mom oh oh)
(Stacy's mom oh oh)
I'm in love with Stacy's 