

I knew you would say somethin' about my battle with Dizaster
That's your downfall, Shotty, you one predictable-ass rapper
Your girlfriend got the same physical features as Fat Bastard
Her stomach stick out further than her booty do
That bitch literally ass-backwards
Let a nigga come to my city talkin' them real-nigga lines
I'ma show him, in my city we like to kill niggas' moms
See, all the real niggas is dead or in jail
Only a few real niggas rhyme
I never seen a clock or a casket in a cell
So in my book, Smack, ain't no such thing as real nigga time
Y'all wanna know why I didn't battle on the last Smack?
You can have that, that ain't even what I'm mad at
I'll change numbers, if they can't dial Jones
They stock drop like the Nasdaq
I'll pistol whip your skull 'til Calicoe get his dad back
I said no fingerprints on the gun, my gloves made out of Glad Wrap
So if I hit you with a straight right, then you entitled to jab back
I'm tryin' new shit in this battle, experimentin' with a lab rat
I ain't even takin' you serious
This some comical shit to laugh at
I can never get tired of fans, I mean as long as it's not a Stan
I went from Math to a Klu Klux Klan member hologram
You look like a white supremist chemist that's part of a Taliban
Who talk tough in his rap, with the heart of Juwanna Mann
I'll snatch your soul like Shang Tsung
Slit your throat with Kitana fan
Then grab the Robert Downey Jr. off my waist
That's that iron, man
I own UW battle league, but I started in the Lionz Den
I'll have you in a coffin tellin' stories
That mean in a casket you lyin' in
That'll teach this homie not to ever falsify again
My mission's to defeat you 'til they greet you in a higher land
I'm in a riot van, strapped like a cop, dressed like a fireman
When my cannon start wildin' out, I ain't talkin' Mariah man
Now let me ask you: have you ever been in a jail cell?
Have you ever heard a Ruger go off besides Hell Rell?
Do you have the mind-power to turn a dyke bitch into a girl girl?
And get the same beats free that Kanye and Pharell sell?
No, 'cause you ain't like me, now you don't like me
You threatenin' to swing, just do it! Oh, you ain't Nike
Eurgh said you the best and I shouldn't take you lightly
But I only came to fuck three British bitches and sightsee
This is no comparison, switchblade your abdomen
Squeeze down your vocal chords, Shotty'll never rap again
In a few days the whole world'll see what these cameras capturin'
A million views guaranteed and I bet you they want me back again
I'm streetsmart and book smart
White boy, you just look smart
If life was an automobile, it's a Suburban
And you only gon' find me in the hood parts
Let me break that down, I said: I'm streetsmart and book smart
White boy, you just look smart
If life was an automobile, it's in the suburbs
And you only gon' find me in the hood parts
Obviously I was brought up 'round poverty
Psychologically, I got the mind power to separate you from the thug that you disguised to be
Since views don't lie and I got the whole world watchin' me
A science lesson is what this gotta be
On how to break down an Adam properly
Now, I wanted to physically get at him
So I went on Twitter to add him
I found out his name was Adam
So I gotta break down an Adam
See, the definition of "atom" is the basic unit of matter
So when your mother named you Adam
She was inferring, basically, you didn't matter
Same name, spelt different, but with the same definition
I mean if Adam and atom is Adam, I mean, that ain't repetition
But if Adam's without Eve, then men are strong and he's livin' proof
But you a faggot, 'cause you let a pussy trick you
Into bitin' the forbidden fruit
That's when God sent me down here
To snatch every bit of confidence from your conscience
Since you tried and convince the world of your accomplishments I'm your consequence
I'ma derail the niggas you ridin' with
Televise the shit, revise the script
Then keep on shootin' rounds out a chopper clip
Now, I could break down your life in eight bars
You really ain't hard, you a fake fraud who used to play ball
In battle rap you the Ray Charles, meaning you ain't seein' nobody
But actin' like beatin' me really ain't hard
Your chances slimmer than Big T in China
Runnin' a marathon on the Great Wall
Wait, y'all, if he front linin', I'll shoot him in his 8-ball
All y'all clothes gon' be red like y'all was hit with all red paintballs
My goons travel with me, so I barely gotta make calls
You wanna be a leader?
Stand in front of LeBron on a fast break, nigga, take charge
I hate y'all… and "hate" is a strong word
But I just cooked, killed, buried this nigga – them all verbs
An action word describin' the pain that I caused
And it all serves the same purpose
Your life's a circus, you clown niggas is all herbs
You a herb, I'm a smoker though
I'm walkin' round with a Pinocchio
That's a long nose with a long range so I'm hittin' targets in Tokyo
When that bullet hits you, it make you say "Aah"
You my Jun Jun, you Lil' Romeo
You a bitch and a snitch so I'm lettin' all your little homies know
Now, like I said before…
Everybody in the building love me: men, women and children
Tell the security guard one more time
I'm the only thug in this building!

Eurgh, this is my main event? I'm not even part stressed
That's some cheap Wayne lookin' T-Pain fell asleep on a park bench with a large head lookin' like a Klingon from Star Trek
He loves Crippin' up, but since he fucks with them Bloods
He's an unfinished book 'cause he's part red
But who you reppin', dude?
You're both red and blue, like the second suit of Clark Kent
Well, I'm the Kryptonite to this Crip tonight
Lex Luther, forget Mook, I'm your arch-nemesis, heartless
What happens when those Bloods and Crips have a disagreement?
What does your heart rep?
Do you rep that flag, and dead that man
'Cause his garms red, even though you half-bred?
Or do you rep the friendship you have
From standin' next to that man through war talk and calm threats
And kill your own like Saddam's men and Bin Laden?
What did you think, there was no space in my graveyard left?
This is wrong, I mean Ron, you could never give AR tests
You say your hands blue like hypothermia?
That's not what my gangsta radar said
All you Reds and Blues flaggin' together look like the Union Jack
And you can get your little union jacked for tryna claim our set!
This is a blue gettin' caught red-handed
Same time I'll have his palms read
I can read your future, it says if you ever had Horroh scope
You was tryna find out what the alignment of the stars said
I don't know a shadow about the Tarot
But let me tell you what the cards read: murder
Plus I shuffle with a half deck, and every singe card's "death"
This is how it's meant to be done
Here's how you decompile an arsenal into fractions and bits
This is someone that claims to have beat Dizaster
This is someone that actually did!
With all due respect it's not about the flag that you grip
It's about the fact that your mans a slag with a dick
That will shag her actual kids
For a drag off your spliff or a packet of crisps
Let's talk about his mum though, 'cause she's a slut
Her pussy's got Fallopian tubes
That are growing and ooze
That's left the pussy swollen and bruised
And smelling like smouldering fumes
Every time your dad tries to poke with his tool
He disturbs a million crabs tryin' to go for a snooze
As they hold on her pubes
She got fucked off every rapper in here
On camera, it looked like an actual cypher
I mean I fucked her, she got passed to Delypher
She had Unan and Pamflit beside her, passing a cider
Shit, we need some more camera angles on her nasty vagina
So we opened up the fucking nasty vagina
Put BodyBagnall and his camera and flyer
Shit, even Sam the graphic designer smashed her
And passed on the flyer!
Now you're in another cracker's face
On another cracker's stage, wishin' that he didn't battle
Oh my god, Shotty done fucked another kid up
Hip hop Jimmy Saville!
And your dreads look stupid as fuck!
You're always causing fights in your battles
I find that shit more than pathetic
I find it ironic that the source of the beef is always da relish

I blame you, white boy, for 100 years of slavery
Don't play with me, you seen me murder a nigga from A to Z
But that was a tutorial, I was just teachin' niggas to see the way
I knew my alphabet since 3
I'm 25, don't you know I can kill a nigga from Z to A?
For example: I'll hit him why he nappin' catchin' Z's
Your brother ask, "Why (Y) you do that?"
I say his ex (X) pay for it
And if she double, you (W) gettin' blew back
I got a red op like the V A in the mornin'
With a folder full of missions with pictures and you (U) on it
9 under my T-shirt, passenger of that S-Class
Comin' to where you are (U, R), any questions: just ask
Any Q-uestions, just ask
I got a half a P on my trunk, two O's on the dashboard
Listenin' to "Renegade" and Em (N, M) verse on fast forward
L lit, so I'm smokin', O-K, I'm a pot head
Murdered this white bitch like O-J to get away from the cop feds
See, I know that this gold H on my belt cost lots of dough
And as a G it's up to me to make the choice that I gotta flow
If I see your bitch I'ma F her, on sight, no effort
Give her two E pills and give her hard D for breakfast
Now you see (C) how intelligent I can be (B)
When I'm on my A game
That was the alphabetical "orda" "slorta"
In reverse, Shotty Horroh, I don't play games
Now, they say, beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Quick draw, you wouldn't see it as it rises from the holster
'Cause my shooter is my driver, he disguises as a chauffeur
To keep the element of surprise but bring the violence a lil' closer
If you don't understand that, then your street-smarts is on retard
And you was brought into this world
With a default called a weak heart
Your little brother trick-or-treat, I'll spray anthrax on his Sweet Tarts
Then write a rhyme, describin' the crime
Spittin' a line as soon as the beat start
You a fag! – wait, I'm not gonna call you a fag
'Cause like DNA said, out here "fag" means cigarette
But you a bitch-ass nigga!
Wait, you white, you ain't even a nigga yet!
You a punk-ass white boy who gets tough over the Internet
Facin' an ignant-ass black nigga full of hatred and disrespect
So I close my eyes and drift off into a journey
My mind takes me there… BOOM!
I awake in front of a grown-ass white boy with no facial hair
I'll visit your mom at the doc while she gettin' that pre-natal care
Slice her Achilles' tendon
Open and snatch the newborn baby out of the ankle-chair
Now, all that tough guy "rawr-rawr" shit need to get left alone
You was pronounced dead at the signin' when this was set in stone
Desert Eagle tucked in my linin', you know that weapon chrome
Pistol whip his jaw, I broke his English
Now his broken English even relyin' on Rosetta Stone
What happened to Lab battles? It's funny how shit change
UW had two events, nine battles total, thirteen big names
I hire top tier niggas to fuck each other over, then I flip change
So I'm not only a pimp, my nigga
I'm a mastermind in the pimp game
How dare you try to compete
When I do this shit in my sleep?
I'm the farmer, you the sheep
You couldn't shit out what I eat
You'll be constipated for weeks
I done dominated the streets
Shotty, I'll face fuck your mom while she ovulate in the sheets
See, 'cause I'm the nigga that be tryna get ya
And cause problems with ya
Chopper hit ya, doctor stitch ya
Headshot, your mama miss ya
No blunt, no rolled up papers, when I finally get ya
I'ma cremate you and smoke your ashes out a Bible scripture
I'm disrespectful, I'll scratch my balls then tap your face
I'll smoke a blunt in a confession booth
While confessin' to Pastor Mase
Look at you for 9 minutes with the "this nigga is average"-face
Then breakdown how your girl love to suck dick
Then tongue kiss you with the aftertaste
She try some new shit with me
The car is on the wrong side of the road
The steering wheel on the wrong side of the car
I'm in the passenger seat, she suckin' my dick while she drivin'
That must be some English shit!
Red light means "Blow, bitch," green light when she stoppin'
We get to our destination, it's niggas waitin' to put their cock in
If I'da knew she was into gangbang
Fuck comin' to England, I woulda flew that bitch to Compton
Ruger on my waistline, Buddha got me space blind
How you gon' take charge when my shooter's on the base line?
See, it was all a joke 'til this intruder tried to take mine
I put the seven in your chest
And capture the shootin' all on FaceTime
'Cause I'm a bad mother-shutcho
Rusty screwdriver through your ribs, I'll let your guts show
Throw him off the roof: call him nutso
I got goons you ain't never see before: no MC Gusto
40 niggas, 80 straps, big body, Mercedes black
I'm here to bring the 80s back
When niggas in the streets had beef they had to pay for that
Hand-held .22 that could probably fit in a baby lap
Bodybag, homicide… on the dirt, on the grass
I don't give a fuck, I'm just rappin', yup, I'm tryna spaz
Shotty, guess what? I just kicked fuckin' Shotty ass
Shotty in a bodybag, your bodybag in a—

No! In a bodycast!
Now, tell the truth
Why you ain't come to America and battle me in a man league?
You look like the type of nigga
To sniff the car seat right after your man leave
Now, that's some nasty-ass homo shit
Now, I know you seen Dizaster get Dojo kicked
You better be lucky that this battle on some promo shit
'Cause I'm famous for the same sport that got Miguel Cotto rich
And look, I'm done with this white boy; I like you, my man
I'm gon'— oh, alright, he don't wanna swipe with my hand
But guess what? It's cool, it's cool!
'Cause the last white boy who tried me
Eurgh, tell him what I did… I dropped that nigga 