

Tell me, what you really wanna do? Come here, ma
Talk to a nigga, talk to me
You look like you could really give it to a nigga
From the way you talk and the way ya try to walk for me
The way you really try to put it on a God
Doin' it like ya never did before for me
The way you break yo' back, and I break yo' neck
And the way you try to put it on the floor for me
(Come on!) Come on (Come on!)
Oh, yeah, tell me where my niggas is at (Okay!)
Lemme address y'all niggas one time
While I lock that down and I hit you with that
(With what?) That bomb shit
Y'all niggas know all day we be makin' it drop
Y'all niggas know every time I come through
This motherfucker, where we always takin' the ride
(So let me blow this bitch!)
Y'all niggas know when we come, we be makin' it flop
The way we makin' it hot'll make a nigga wanna stop
Get money, then cash that check for me
All my niggas just bust yo' TEC for me
Everybody from every hood, bang yo' head
'Til you break your motherfuckin' neck for me
You might also like
Just let me give you real street shit
To ride in yo' shit with
Recline yo' seat, rewind this heat
Keep bouncin' up and down these streets

So nod yo' head and break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, bang yo' head until you start to
Break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, break your neck

Come along now (Let's put it down, nigga!)
When I bounce back and they know I done caught my breath
Y'all niggas all know how we do
And the way we bang niggas in the head and we do it to death
(Reach fo' dem Backwoods!)
The fire, boy, you know we bakin' a ounce
I know you love the way we be givin' you the music, makin' you bounce
Now fuck it up just a little for my niggas
Every time we come through, niggas know that we did it for y'all (Uh-huh)
And the way we do it for the people, niggas know we always give it to y'all
I said, bounce (C'mon!), in the day time or the night, when ya creepin' along
Well, just bang this shit up in the truck
While you break yo' neck, now, motherfucker, try to figure my flow
See the way we come right through (When we come right through)
We be always blowin' the spot, again and again
And make a nigga really wanna stop!
Better tell yo' crew, yo' peeps
All my niggas better put they troops on
And gather up your soldiers, nigga
You know you better keep yo' boots on
All my niggas in the place (Ayo!)
Wave your hands high now
And the way we put it down
Make a nigga wonder what he really gonna try now
What ya really wanna do?
Just place your bet and put ya money where ya' mouth is (Ah-hoo)
All my niggas in the street, just break yo' neck
And keep on bouncing
Just let me give you real street shit
To ride in yo' shit with
Recline yo' seat, rewind this heat
Keep bouncin' up and down these streets

So nod yo' head and break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, bang yo' head until you start to
Break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, break your neck

Here we go now, and you know every time Bus-A-Bus be holdin' the fort
My nigga, watch how we shuttin' it down
The way we put it on, comin' through like a steamroller
Me and Dre, nigga, ain't no fuckin' around
My nigga, what? Yeah, what up? Me and my team got a link
'Cause you know we stay choppin' it up
And when we get up in the club
All of my niggas at the bar know we lockin' it up
And we get a little (High) and we get a little (Drunk)
And we get a little crunk (Come on!)
Lemme give y'all niggas some shit
That'll make you wanna bang this out yo' trunk (Come on!)
Get money, then cash that check for me
All my niggas just bust yo' TEC for me
Everybody from every hood, bang yo' head
'Til you break your motherfuckin' neck for me!
Just let me give you real street shit
To ride in yo' shit with
Recline yo' seat, rewind this heat
Keep bouncin' up and down these streets

So nod yo' head and break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, bang yo' head until you start to
Break your neck, nigga, break your neck, nigga
Break your neck, nigga, break your 

Yeah, nigga, what? What a surprise
Give ya somethin', make a nigga close both of your eyes
All my niggas gettin' money capitalize
Die, little small guy, we on the rise
Everything a nigga touch Platinum-ize
Fully equipped, you know we come with all the supplies
Got a big gun and I'ma show you the size
You fuck with any of my Flipmode family ties
Me and my niggas be comin' through, stalkin' you out
Killin' off any and everything you talkin' about
See you in the club, now we walkin' you out
Shoulda thought twice 'fore you went and opened your mouth
Yo, anyway, we stay keepin' it movin'
Fuckin' with the wrong nigga, hope you know what you're doin'
Now blame me, all the same niggas is lame
It's not a game, makin' names still splittin' your frame
You might also like
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Yo, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it, let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

Flash with a rash, gimme my cash, flickin' my ash
Runnin' with my money, son, go out with a blast
Do what you want, a nigga's cuttin' the corner
You fuckin' up the order, go ahead and meet the reporter
Yo, she tellin' news on how you switch to a bitch
Little fake, funny style nigga chill with a snitch
So now I pass you straight, I don't got nothing to ask you
Make a little room for me and all my niggas to pass through
Cartier, Sidney Poitier, hooray shit
Roll with all of my niggas from around the way shit
When I come through, you niggas know I do my thing
Bring more shit that generate money, cha-ching
Arrest you, lyrically, flow'll caress you
Bless you, then a nigga come to your rescue
While you assume a nigga blossom and bloom
I'm comin' soon, hit you with a boom, gimme some room
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Hey, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
Cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

Yo (Yo), live nigga shit, know what I mean?
I represent while we gettin' money and reign supreme
Hope y'all niggas know we comin' through full-steam
Can't see me, better turn on your high beam
All my niggas wildin', ringin' the siren
(Flipmode!) Be glory niggas from my team
Never should you ever try to fuck with my cream
I O.D. when my shit get all in your bloodstream
Every time we be rippin' it, be blowing it down
Blowing you off, fuckin' with the hottest niggas around ('Round)
Ruckus when me and my people run through your town
Holdin' it down, takin' a while and then gimme my crown, ayy (Yo)
All my people need to come and surround
A nigga be hittin' so much, it make you fall on the ground
Sure to make you shout, that's what I be all about
Turnin' you out, makin' all you niggas fall out
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Hey, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

1 ContributorDon’t Cha Lyrics
OK
Yeah
Oh, we about to get it just a lil hot and sweaty in this mu'fucka (oh, baby)
Ladies let's go
Soldiers let's go (Dolls)
Let me talk to y'all and just you know give you a little situation
Listen (fellas)

You see this shit get hot
Every time I come through
When I step up in the spot (are you ready?)
Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout
Prowl for the best chick, yes I'm on the lookout (let's dance)
Slow banging shorty like a belly dancer with it
Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta with it (oh, baby)
No tricks only diamonds under my sleeve
Gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave

I know you like me (I know you like me)
I know you do (I know you do)
That's why whenever I come around
She's all over you
And I know you want it (I know you want it)
It's easy to see (it's easy to see)
And in the back of your mind I know
You should be on with me
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?
Don't cha?
Don't cha?
You might also like
Fight the feeling (fight the feeling)
Leave it alone (leave it alone)
'Cause if it ain't love
It just ain't enough to leave my happy home
Let's keep it friendly (let's keep it friendly)
You have to play fair (you have to play fair)
See I don't care
But I know she ain't gonna wanna share
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha?
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?

Ok, I see how it's goin' down (ahh, don't cha)
Seems like shorty wanna little menage pop off or something (let's go)
Well let me get straight to it
Every broad wan watch a nigga when I come through it
It's the god almighty, looking all brand new
If shorty wanna jump in my ass then vanquish
Looking at me all like she really wanna do it
Tryna put it on me till my balls black an blueish
Ya wanna play wit ah playa girl then play on
Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on
Watch me and I'mma watch you at the same time
Looking at ya wan break my back
You're the very reason why I keep a pack ah the Magnum
An wit the wagon hit chu in the back of tha magnum
For the record, don't think it was something you did
Shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid
I got a idea that's dope for y'all
As y'all could get so I could hit the both of y'all
See I know she loves you (I know she loves you)
I understand (I understand)
I'd probably be just as crazy about you
If you were my own man
Maybe next lifetime (maybe next lifetime)
Possibly (possibly)
Until then old friend your secret is safe with me
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)
Don't cha?
Don't cha baby? Don't cha?
Alright, sing
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)
Don't cha?
Don't 