

Now three brothers are named in the story.
One was called Thorarin, the second Ragi, and the third Glum.
They were the sons of Olof the Halt,
and were men of much worth and of great wealth in goods.
Thorarin's surname was Ragi's brother;
he had the Speakership of the Law after Rafn Heing's son.
He was a very wise man, and lived at Varmalek,
and he and Glum kept house together.
Glum had been long abroad;
he was a tall, strong, handsome man.
Ragi their brother was a great man-slayer.
Those brothers owned in the south Engey and Laugarness.
One day the brothers Thorarin and Glum were talking together,
and Thorarin asked Glum whether he meant to go abroad,
as was his wont.
He answered--
"I was rather thinking now of leaving off trading voyages".
"What hast thou then in thy mind?
Wilt thou woo thee a wife?"
"That I will," says he,
"if I could only get myself well matched."
Then Thorarin told off all the women
who were unwedded in Borgarfirth,
and asked him if he would have any of these--
"Say the word, and I will ride with thee!"
But Glum answered--
"I will have none of these".
"Say then the name of her thou wishest to have," says Thorarin.
Glum answered--
"If thou must know, her name is Hallgerda,
and she is Hauskuld's daughter away west in the dales".
"Well," says Thorarin,
"'tis not with thee as the saw says,
'be warned by another's woe';
for she was wedded to a man,
and she plotted his death."
Glum said--
"May be such ill-luck will not befall her a second time,
and sure I am she will not plot my death.
But now, if thou wilt show me any honor,
ride along with me to woo her."
Thorarin said--
"There's no good striving against it,
for what must be is sure to happen".
Glum often talked the matter over with Thorarin,
but he put it off a long time.
At last it came about that they gathered men
together and rode off ten in company,
west to the dales,
and came to Hauskuldstede.
Hauskuld gave them a hearty welcome,
and they stayed there that night.
But early next morning,
Hauskuld sends Hrut,
and he came thither at once;
and Hauskuld was out of doors when he rode into the "town".
Then Hauskuld told Hrut what men had come thither.
"What may it be they want?" asked Hrut
"As yet," says Hauskuld,
"they have not let out to me that they have any business."
"Still," says Hrut,
"their business must be with thee.
They will ask the hand of thy daughter, Hallgerda.
If they do, what answer wilt thou make?"
"What dost thou advise me to say?" says Hauskuld.
"Thou shalt answer well," says Hrut;
"but still make a clean breast of
all the good and all the ill thou knowest of the woman."
But while the brothers were talking thus, out came the guests.
Hauskuld greeted them well,
and Hrut bade both Thorarin and his brothers good morning.
After that they all began to talk, and Thorarin said--
"I am come hither, Hauskuld,
with my brother Glum on this errand,
to ask for Hallgerda thy daughter,
at the hand of my brother Glum.
Thou must know that he is a man of worth."
"I know well," says Hauskuld,
"that ye are both of you powerful and worthy men;
but I must tell you right out,
that I chose a husband for her before,
and that turned out most unluckily for us."
Thorarin answered--
"We will not let that stand in the way of the bargain;
for one oath shall not become all oaths,
and this may prove to be a good match,
though that turned out ill;
besides Thiostolf had most hand in spoiling it".
Then Hrut spoke:
"Now I will give you a bit of advice--this:
if ye will not let all this that has already
happened to Hallgerda stand in the way of the match,
mind you do not let Thiostolf go south with her if the match comes off,
and that he is never there longer than three nights at a time,
unless Glum gives him leave,
but fall an outlaw by Glum's hand without atonement if he stay there longer.
Of course, it shall be in Glum's power to give him leave;
but he will not if he takes my advice.
And now this match, shall not be fulfilled,
as the other was, without Hallgerda's knowledge.
She shall now know the whole course of this bargain,
and see Glum,
and herself settle whether she will have him or not;
and then she will not be able to lay the blame on others
if it does not turn out well.
And all this shall be without craft or guile."
Then Thorarin said--
"Now, as always, it will prove best if thy advice be taken".
Then they sent for Hallgerda, and she came thither,
and two women with her.
She had on a cloak of rich blue wool,
and under it a scarlet kirtle,
and a silver girdle round her waist,
but her hair came down on both sides of her bosom,
and she had turned the locks up under her girdle.
She sat down between Hrut and her father,
and she greeted them all with kind words,
and spoke well and boldly,
and asked what was the news.
After that she ceased speaking.
Then Glum said--
"There has been some talk between
thy father and my brother Thorarin and myself about a bargain.
It was that I might get thee, Hallgerda,
if it be thy will, as it is theirs; and now,
if thou art a brave woman,
thou wilt say right out whether the match is at all to thy mind;
but if thou hast anything in thy heart against this bargain with us,
then we will not say anything more about it."
Hallgerda said--
"I know well that you are men of worth and might, ye brothers.
I know too that now I shall be much better wedded than I was before;
but what I want to know is,
what you have said already about the match,
and how far you have given your words in the matter.
But so far as I now see of thee,
I think I might love thee well if we can but hit it off as to temper."
So Glum himself told her all about the bargain,
and left nothing out,
and then he asked Hauskuld and Hrut whether he had repeated it right.
Hauskuld said he had;
and then Hallgerda said--
"Ye have dealt so well with me in this matter, my father and Hrut,
that I will do what ye advise,
and this bargain shall be struck as ye have settled it".
Then Hrut said--
"Methinks it were best that Hauskuld and I should name witnesses,
and that Hallgerda should betroth herself,
if the Lawman thinks that right and lawful".
"Right and lawful it is," says Thorarin.
After that Hallgerda's goods were valued,
and Glum was to lay down as much against them,
and they were to go shares, half and half, in the whole.
Then Glum bound himself to Hallgerda as his betrothed,
and they rode away home south;
but Hauskuld was to keep the wedding-feast at his house.
And now all is quiet till men ride to the wedding.


CHAPTER XIV.
GLUM'S WEDDING.

Those brothers gathered together a great company,
and they were all picked men.
They rode west to the dales and came to Hauskuldstede,
and there they found a great gathering to meet them.
Hauskuld and Hrut, and their friends, filled one bench,
and the bridegroom the other.
Hallgerda sat upon the cross-bench on the dais, and behaved well.
Thiostolf went about with his axe raised in air,
and no one seemed to know that he was there,
and so the wedding went off well.
But when the feast was over,
Hallgerda went away south with Glum and his brothers.
So when they came south to Varmalek,
Thorarin asked Hallgerda if she would undertake the housekeeping,
"No, I will not," she said.
Hallgerda kept her temper down that winter,
and they liked her well enough.
But when the spring came,
the brothers talked about their property,
and Thorarin said--
"I will give up to you the house at Varmalek,
for that is readiest to your hand,
and I will go down south to Laugarness and live there,
but Engey we will have both of us in common".
Glum was willing enough to do that.
So Thorarin went down to the south of that district,
and Glum and his wife stayed behind there,
and lived in the house at Varmalek.
Now Hallgerda got a household about her;
she was prodigal in giving,
and grasping in getting.
In the summer she gave birth to a girl.
Glum asked her what name it was to have.
"She shall be called after my father's mother,
and her name shall be Thorgerda,"
for she came down from Sigurd Fafnir's-bane on the father's side,
according to the family pedigree.
So the maiden was sprinkled with water,
and had this name given her,
and there she grew up,
and got like her mother in looks and feature.
Glum and Hallgerda agreed well together,
and so it went on for a while.
About that time these tidings were heard from the north and Bearfirth,
how Swan had rowed out to fish in the spring,
and a great storm came down on him from the east,
and how he was driven ashore at Fishless,
and he and his men were there lost.
But the fishermen who were at Kalback thought
they saw Swan go into the fell at Kalbackshorn,
and that he was greeted well;
but some spoke against that story,
and said there was nothing in it.
But this all knew that he was never seen again either alive or dead.
So when Hallgerda heard that,
she thought she had a great loss in her mother's brother.
Glum begged Thorarin to change lands with him,
but he said he would not;
"but," said he,
"if I outlive you, I mean to have Varmalek to myself".
When Glum told this to Hallgerda, she said,
"Thorarin has indeed a right to expect this from us".


CHAPTER XV.
THIOSTOLF GOES TO GLUM'S HOUSE.

Thiostolf had beaten one of Hauskuld's house-carles,
so he drove him away.
He took his horse and weapons,
and said to Hauskuld--
"Now, I will go away and never come back."
"All will be glad at that," says Hauskuld.
Thiostolf rode till he came to Varmalek,
and there he got a hearty welcome from Hallgerda,
and not a bad one from Glum.
He told Hallgerda how her father had driven him away,
and begged her to give him her help and countenance.
She answered him by telling him she could say nothing
about his staying there before she had seen Glum about it.
"Does it go well between you?" he says.
"Yes," she says, "our love runs smooth enough."
After that she went to speak to Glum,
and threw her arms round his neck and said--
"Wilt thou grant me a boon which I wish to ask of thee?"
"Grant it I will," he says,
"if it be right and seemly;
but what is it thou wishest to ask?"
"Well," she said,
"Thiostolf has been driven away from the west,
and what I want thee to do is to let him stay here;
but I will not take it crossly if it is not to thy mind."
Glum said--
"Now that thou behavest so well,
I will grant thee thy boon;
but I tell thee,
if he takes to any ill he shall be sent off at once".
She goes then to Thiostolf and tells him,
and he answered--
"Now, thou art still good, as I had hoped."
After that he was there,
and kept himself down a little white,
but then it was the old story,
he seemed to spoil all the good he found;
for he gave way to no one save to Hallgerda alone,
but she never took his side in his brawls with others.
Thorarin, Glum's brother,
blamed him for letting him be there,
and said ill luck would come of it,
and all would happen as had happened before if he were there.
Glum answered him well and kindly,
but still kept on in his own way.


CHAPTER XVI.
GLUM'S SHEEP HUNT.

Now once on a time when autumn came,
it happened that men had hard work to get their flocks home,
and many of Glum's wethers were missing.
Then Glum said to Thiostolf--
"Go thou up on the fell with my house-carles
and see if ye cannot find out anything about the sheep."
"'Tis no business of mine," says Thiostolf,
"to hunt up sheep, and this one thing is quite enough to hinder it.
I won't walk in thy thralls' footsteps.
But go thyself, and then I'll go with thee."
About this they had many words.
The weather was good, and Hallgerda was sitting out of doors.
Glum went up to her and said--
"Now Thiostolf and I have had a quarrel,
and we shall not live much longer together."
And so he told her all that they had been talking about.
Then Hallgerda spoke up for Thiostolf,
and they had many words about him.
At last Glum gave her a blow with his hand,
and said--
"I will strive no longer with thee,"
and with that he went away.
Now she loved him much,
and could not calm herself,
but wept out loud.
Thiostolf went up to her and said--
"This is sorry sport for thee,
and so it must not be often again."
"Nay," she said,
"but thou shalt not avenge this,
nor meddle at all whatever passes between Glum and me."
He went off with a spiteful grin.


CHAPTER XVII.
GLUM'S SLAYING.
Now Glum called men to follow him,
and Thiostolf got ready and went with them.
So they went up South Reykiardale
and then up along by Baugagil and so south to Crossfell.
But some of his band he sent to the Sulafells,
and they all found very many sheep.
Some of them, too, went by way of Scoradale,
and it came about at last that those twain,
Glum and Thiostolf, were left alone together.
They went south from Crossfell and found there a flock of wild sheep,
and they went from the south towards the fell,
and tried to drive them down;
but still the sheep got away from them up on the fell.
Then each began to scold the other,
and Thiostolf said at last that Glum had no strength
save to tumble about in Hallgerda's arms.
Then Glum said--
"'A man's foes are those of his own house.'
Shall I take upbraiding from thee, runaway thrall as thou art?"
Thiostolf said--
"Thou shalt soon have to own that I am no thrall,
for I will not yield an inch to thee."
Then Glum got angry,
and cut at him with his hand-axe,
but he threw his axe in the way,
and the blow fell on the haft with a downward stroke
and bit into it about the breadth of two fingers.
Thiostolf cut at him at once with his axe,
and smote him on the shoulder,
and the stroke hewed asunder the shoulderbone and collarbone,
and the wound bled inwards.
Glum grasped at Thiostolf with his left hand so fast that he fell;
but Glum could not hold him,
for death came over him.
Then Thiostolf covered his body with stones,
and took off his gold ring.
Then he went straight to Varmalek.
Hallgerda was sitting out of doors,
and saw that his axe was bloody.
He said--
"I know not what thou wilt think of it,
but I tell thee Glum is slain."
"That must be thy deed?" she says.
"So it is," he says.
She laughed and said--
"Thou dost not stand for nothing in this sport."
"What thinkest thou is best to be done now?" he asked.
"Go to Hrut, my father's brother," she said,
"and let him see about thee."
"I do not know," says Thiostolf,
"whether this is good advice;
but still I will take thy counsel in this matter."
So he took his horse, and rode west to Hrutstede that night.
He binds his horse at the back of the house,
and then goes round to the door,
and gives a great knock.
After that he walks round the house, north about.
It happened that Hrut was awake.
He sprang up at once,
and put on his jerkin and pulled on his shoes.
Then he took up his sword, and wrapped a cloak about his left arm,
up as far as the elbow.
Men woke up just as he went out;
there he saw a tall stout man at the back of the house,
and knew it was Thiostolf.
Hrut asked him what news.
"I tell thee Glum is slain," says Thiostolf.
"Who did the deed?" says Hrut.
"I slew him," says Thiostolf.
"Why rodest thou hither?" says Hrut.
"Hallgerda sent me to thee," says Thiostolf.

"Then she has no hand in this deed," says Hrut, and drew his sword.
Thiostolf saw that,
and would not be behind hand,
so he cuts at Hrut at once.
Hrut got out of the way of the stroke by a quick turn,
and at the same time struck the back of the axe
so smartly with a side-long blow of his left hand,
that it flew out of Thiostolf's grasp.
Then Hrut made a blow with the sword in his right hand at Thiostolf's leg, just above the knee,
and cut it almost off so that it hung by a little piece,
and sprang in upon him at the same time,
and thrust him hard back.
After that he smote him on the head,
and dealt him his death-blow.
Thiostolf fell down on his back at full length,
and then out came Hrut's men,
and saw the tokens of the deed.
Hrut made them take Thiostolf away,
and throw stones over his body,
and then he went to find Hauskuld,
and told him of Glum's slaying,
and also of Thiostolf's.
He thought it harm that Glum was dead and gone,
but thanked him for killing Thiostolf.
A little while after,
Thorarin Ragi's brother hears of his brother Glum's death,
then he rides with eleven men behind him west to Hauskuldstede,
and Hauskuld welcomed him with both hands,
and he is there the night.
Hauskuld sent at once for Hrut to come to him,
and he went at once,
and next day they spoke much of the slaying of Glum,
and Thorarin said--
"Wilt thou make me any atonement for my brother,
for I have had a great loss?"
Hauskuld answered--
"I did not slay thy brother,
nor did my daughter plot his death;
but as soon as ever
Hrut knew it he slew Thiostolf".
Then Thorarin held his peace,
and thought the matter had taken a bad turn.
But Hrut said--
"Let us make his journey good;
he has indeed had a heavy loss,
and if we do that we shall be well spoken of.
So let us give him gifts,
and then he will be our friend ever afterwards."
So the end of it was that those brothers gave him gifts,
and he rode back south.
He and Hallgerda changed homesteads in the spring,
and she went south to Laugarness and he to Varmalek.
And now Thorarin is out of the story.


CHAPTER XVIII.
FIDDLE MORD'S DEATH.

Now it must be told how Fiddle Mord took a sickness
and breathed his last;
and that was thought great scathe.
His daughter Unna took all the goods he left behind him.
She was then still unmarried the second time.
She was very lavish,
and unthrifty of her property;
so that her goods and ready money wasted away,
and at last she had scarce anything left but land and 