

Yo, tell me fellas have you seen her? (Seen her)
It was about five minutes ago
When I seen the hottest chick that a youngin' ever seen before
I say, "Yo, tell the girls I wanna meet her" (Meet her)
On second thought that ain't the way to go
I gotta give her game proper
Spit it so she'll get it, there she is, I gotta stop her
Oh, should I talk about her smile? (It's been said before)
Or what about her style? (Too obvious)
I'm out of time, she's out the door
I gotta go for mine, I think I'll say

Yo
I don't know your name but excuse me, miss (Oh yeah)
I saw you from across the room
And I gotta admit that you got my attention
You're makin' me wanna say yo
I know you're tryna leave but excuse me, miss
I saved the last dance for you
I would love to keep you here with me, oh baby
You might also like
Now shawty, grab hold of my hand
And let's pretend the floor is ours
You say you don't really dance
(Don't worry 'bout it, we just one-two step, one-two step)
Now if the music is movin' too fast (Too fast)
Grab my hand a little tighter (Tighter)
Don't be afraid to move a little closer
Girl, there's somethin' about you that makes me wanna say (Aw yeah, aw yeah)

Yo
I don't know your name but excuse me, miss (Ooh)
I saw you from across the room
And I gotta admit that you got my attention
You're makin' me wanna say yo
I know you're tryna leave but excuse me, miss (Ooh)
I saved the last dance for you
I would love to keep you here with me, oh baby
I think I'll say yo
I don't know your name but excuse me, miss
I saw you from across the room
And I gotta admit that you got my attention
You're makin' me wanna say yo
I know you're tryna leave but excuse me, miss
I saved the last dance for you
I would love to keep you here with me, oh baby
I wanna be where you are
Ain't nothin' wrong with dancin'
Baby, you're so romantic
Baby, I can be in your heart
So many things I wanna tell you
I think that I should start by sayin'

Yo, woah
I don't know your name but excuse me, miss (Oh yeah)
I saw you from across the room
I gotta give her game proper
Spit it so she'll get it, there she is I gotta stop her (Oh yeah)
I know you're tryna leave but excuse me, miss (Oh)
I saved the last dance for you
I would love to keep you here with me, oh baby

Now everybody just clap your hands like this (Like this)
Just clap your hands like this (Woah, like this, huh)
And if your shorty's in the house tonight
Just grab her by the hand, homie, make her understand
Y'all was made to dance like this (Like this)
Y'all was made to bounce like this (Woah, like this)
Just let her know she was made for you and
You wanna do everything she want to, man
Ha, 

It's gettin' loud (Loud)
Got 'em feelin' like they in the clouds (Clouds)
Got 'em screamin' like they in the crowd
I make them scream
Baby, baby, baby

When you scream
I need to pull your body closer, let me sex you, babe
Girl, you better not change your mind (Don't you change, girl, you're stayin')
'Cause, girl, we got one night only
And I want just to love right, baby
You're my biggest fan, girl, I want you to holler
You might also like
Oh-woah-oh-woah
(Yeah, damn)
Oh-woah-oh-woah
(I want you to holler)

Two girls, I'm watchin' (Hahaha)
No is not an option (No)
I'm gon' be the captain of the ship
They gon' have my boat a-rockin'
Singin' to them like Lionel Richie, all night long
Gettin' these bitches, they playin' my song
We switchin' positions and I got the money so I'm grantin' they wishes (Oh)
I'll be they sugar daddy

It's gettin' loud (It's gettin' loud)
Got 'em feelin' like they in the clouds (Clouds)
Got 'em screamin' like they in the crowd
I make them scream (Oh-woah)
When you

When you scream (Oh)
I need to pull your body closer, let me sex you, babe (Just let me sex you, girl)
Girl, you better not change your mind (Don't you change, don't you change, don't you change)
'Cause, girl, we got one night only
And I want just to love right, baby (Girl, you're my)
You're my biggest fan, girl, I want you to holler
For me, yeah, yeah, yeah
Come on, girl, tear it up
You can make it clap, for me, girl, give it up
Goddamn, you fine, I'm 'bout to stand up, stand up
I just came here just to make you holler
Doin' it for hours, even in the shower
Over and over again
Baby, I'm all up in your garden, kissin' flowers
Are you ready? I'ma take what's mine
And get comfortable
Slow and easy, I'm kinda tipsy off this wine
So what I say might be a little confusin'
I got a Magnum in my wallet, I'ma pull it out, I bet that I'll use it
I'm gon' make you scream

When you scream
I need to pull your body closer, let me sex you, babe (Oh-woah)
Girl, you better not change your mind (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
'Cause, girl, we got one night only (Yeah)
And I want just to love right, baby (Love you right)
You're my biggest fan, girl, I want you to holler
When you scream
I need to pull your body closer, let me sex you, babe
Girl, you better not change your mind
'Cause, girl, we got one night only
And I want just to love right, baby
You're my biggest fan, girl, I want you to holler
Oh-woah-oh-woah


I know it's late, I know it's late
And, baby, I can't focus (Focus, focus, focus) focus (Focus, focus, focus)
I just flew into town today
I'm hopin' that you'd notice (Notice, notice, notice)
Did you notice? (Did you? Did you?)
I just posted my landing, oh
Wonderin' if the same old understandin' stands

I know you got work pretty early (Early)
I'll be around 'bout 3:30 (3:30)
Usually, you're done by one (By one)
So, baby, when I wake you up, up, up

Just let me rock
Fuck you back to sleep, girl
Oh-oh, don't say a word, no, girl
No, don't you talk (Oh, yeah)
(Don't talk, don't talk)
Just hold on tight to me, girl
Fuck you back to sleep, girl
Rock you back
You might also like
Now where you at? Just dropped my bags
I'm comin' through to meet ya, oh, yeah
To meet ya, oh, oh-woah
I know you're almost half asleep
But you know how much I need ya
(Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up)
(Need you, babe)
Girl, I need ya (Need ya, baby)
Gon' gimme that spare key, oh
But if you keep the door unlocked, be ready, oh

I know you got work pretty early (Early)
I'll be around 'bout 3:30 (3:30, oh)
Usually, you're done by one (By one)
So, baby, when I wake you up (Up), up (Up), up

Just let me rock
I'ma fuck you back to sleep, girl
Oh-oh, don't say a word, no, girl
No, don't you talk (Baby)
(Don't talk, don't talk)
Just hold on tight to me, girl (Oh)
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Ow!)
Rock you back
Ain't sorry that I woke ya (Woke)
I ain't sorry 'bout ya job (No)
Call sick in the mornin' so I can get a little bit more of your love (Hey!)
I know you want me and you feel me (Feel me)
'Cause you never disagree
So when you wake from your sleep, girl

Just let me rock (And let me love you, baby, oh, girl)
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Girl)
Oh-oh, don't say a word, no, girl
No, don't you talk (Ooh, talk, ha)
Just hold on tight to me, girl
I'll fuck you back to sleep, girl
And rock you back

Ain't sorry that I woke ya (Yeah)
I ain't sorry 'bout ya job (Oh)
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Yeah-yeah)
Call sick in the mornin' so I can get a little bit more of your love (Rock you back)
Ain't sorry that I woke ya (Yeah)
I ain't sorry 'bout ya job
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Ooh)
Call sick in the mornin' so I can get a little bit more of your 

For February 2021 album releases, visit this page

This page highlights the notable singles released in all genres throughout February 2021.… Read More 2/1
A$AP Rocky - "G-Unit Rice"
Drakeo the Ruler - "Too Icey"
Joey Trap - "BIRDIES"
KILL.ZERO - ".:HAUNTR:.+"
koi - "all of that"
Luke Combs & Billy Strings - "The Great Divide"
MonoNeon - "Done with the BS" ft. Ledisi
Steve Aoki & Willy William - "Mambo" ft. Sean Paul, El Alfa, Sfera Ebbasta & Play-N-Skillz
The Bloody Beetroots & Teddy Killerz - "Elevate"
TOBi - "Love Not Blood"
Victoria Monét - "F.U.C.K."
Wiz Khalifa - "Chicken with the Cheese" ft. Chevy Woods & 24hrs
2/2
Ben Howard - "Crowhurst's Meme"
Dolly Parton - "5 to 9"
Indii G. - "Drifting"
Kito, VanJess & Channel Tres - "Recap"
Leslie Odom Jr. - "Beautiful Things Can Happen"
Luca Yupanqui - "V4.3, Pt. 2"
PlayThatBoiZay - "90'S BABY FREESTYLE"
XANAKIN SKYWOK - "Club Banger!" ft. Billy Marchiafava
youra - "MIMI"
2/3
03 Greedo & Wiz Khalifa - "Substance (We Woke Up)"
Curren$y - "Misty"
Drippin' So Pretty - "Too Sick"
Death From Above 1979 - "One + One"
Ghetts - "No Mercy" ft. BackRoad Gee & Pa Salieu
Ichiko Aoba - "アンディーヴと眠って (Asleep Among Endives)"
Jimmy Edgar - "NOTICE" ft. 24hrs
Jordin Sparks - "You Still Think of Me"
Julien Baker - "Favor"
Lauren Auder - "Heathen"
Moneybagg Yo - "Time Today"
​pluko - "High Hopes" ft. DUCKWRTH & sad alex
Stereolab - "Household Names"
sumika - "祝祭 (shukusai)"
Tkay Maidza & Yung Baby Tate - "KIM"
Trey Songz - "Brain"
Unusual Demont - "Pine"
YBN Almighty Jay - "Battling My Spirit"
YNW BSlime - "OTW"
2/4
BAND-MAID - "About Us"
Daya - "Bad Girl"
Digga D & AJ Tracey - "Bringing It Back"
FINNEAS - "American Cliché"
H.E.R. - "Fight for You"
hololive IDOL PROJECT - "STARDUST SONG" ft. Tokoyami Towa, Shiranui Flare & Amane Kanata
Iglooghost - "Sylph Fossil"
Jack Reynolds - "Sunny Gaze"
Lil Durk - "Love You Too" ft. Kehlani
Lil Playah - "Knocked Off!" ft. OnlyBino
Lucky Daye & Tiana Major9 - "On Read"
MARINA - "Man's World (Empress Of Remix)" ft. Pabllo Vittar
Sam Fischer & Demi Lovato - "What Other People Say"
Sia & David Guetta - "Floating Through Space"
Tino Szn - "Vice" ft. $NOT
Yeek - "3000 Miles (Baby Baby)"
2/5
8 Graves & Saint Slumber - "Guillotine"
88GLAM & 6ixbuzz - "Urgent Messages"
​aespa - "Forever (약속)"
Aidan Alexander - "the end of the world"
Allie X - "GLAM!"
Blssom - "Vas"
Bobby Sessions & Megan Thee Stallion - "I'm a King"
Bob Moses - "The Blame (DJ Seinfeld Remix)"
Bow Wow - "My Pain"
Cardi B - "Up"
Carly Pearce - "Should've Known Better"
Cheat Codes - "Hate You + Love You" ft. AJ Mitchell
Chet Faker - "Get High"
CMTEN - "ALONE" ft. RILEY THE MUSICIAN
Creo - "Aurora"
Dan + Shay - "Glad You Exist"
DBangz - "The Source" ft. Jay Zole
DC the Don - "Rag3 Kidd"
Diplo & Sonny Fodera - "Turn Back Time (Bklava Remix)"
Dream - "Roadtrip" ft. PmBata
DUSTY LOCANE - "Rumble"
Ellise - "Bubblegum Brain"
FCG Heem - "Need It"
Felix Cartal & Kiiara - "Happy Hour"
Flight - "The Whole Team Hit"
Foley - "Better Than Love"
Freddie Gibbs - "Gang Sings" ft. ScHoolboy Q
G-Eazy - "Provide" ft. Mark Morrison & Chris Brown
(G)I-DLE - "HWAA (Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike Remix)"
Goody Grace - "Grape Swisher"
Ice Cube - "Trying to Maintain"
ILLENIUM, Dabin & Lights - "Hearts on Fire (Bassjackers Remix)"
Jazmine Sullivan - "Lost One (Live)"
Jessie Ware - "Remember Where You Are (Edit)"
JID - "Bruuuh (Remix)"
Jim Jones & Harry Fraud - "Lose Lose"
​​johan lenox & Cousin Stizz - "​phases"
Jonas Blue & AWA - "Something Stupid"
Jordan Suaste - "If the World Ended Tonight"
Josef Salvat - "One More Night"
JP THE WAVY - "Lucky Star" ft. Lancey Foux
Kevin Garrett - "Pure Imagination"
Keyshia Cole - "I Don't Want to Be in Love"
KyleYouMadeThat - "Hoopla" ft. NLE Choppa
Like Saturn - "lost happiness"
Louis the Child & BabyJake - "Somewhere Else"
Luke Bryan -  "Country Does"
Martin Garrix - "Pressure" ft. Tove Lo
Miley Cyrus - "Prisoner (Jax Jones Remix)" ft. Dua Lipa
Molly Kate Kestner - "Get Up" ft. Brock Monroe
MonoNeon - "The Little Green Man" ft. Daru Jones
Morray - "Kingdom"
Myuk - "魔法 (Mahou)"
Nessly - "Affairs"
Nessly - "No Reason"
Night Lovell - "Counting Down the List"
Oliver Tree - "Out of Ordinary"
OMB Peezy - "Dope Boy" ft. Rylo Rodriguez
Peso Peso - "Brad Pitt" ft. Trippie Redd
Phora - "Loaded Gun"
Polo G - "GNF (OKOKOK)"
Puma Blue - "Sweet Dreams"
Quelly Woo - "Hot Winter"
Raveena - "Tweety"
Rezz - "Sacrificial" ft. PVRIS
Ricky Montgomery - "Line Without a Hook (Remix)" ft. mxmtoon
Ritt Momney - "Not Around"
Robin Thicke - "Lucky Star"
Ruben - "Mama Don't Know"
SG Lewis & Nile Rodgers - "One More"
Shordie Shordie & Murda Beatz - "LOVE" ft. Trippie Redd
SLANDER & Au5 - "Anywhere" ft. PLYA & shYbeast
Smokepurpp & Lil Mosey - "We Outside"
Teddy Swims - "My Bad"
Tee Grizzley - "Late Night Calls"
Tokyo Machine & Weird Genius - "Last Summer" ft. Lights
Tom MacDonald - "Cancelled"
Tone Stith - "FWM"
VIC MENSA - "SHELTER" ft. Wyclef Jean & Chance the Rapper
Xan Griffin - "Frustrated"
XIX - "Henny Bottle"
Yelawolf & Caskey - "Been a Problem"
Yemi Alafifuni - "Behold the Lamb"
Young Rog & Summer Walker - "Bullshit"
Yung Dred - "Everything's Up" ft. Hotboii
Zella Day - "Holocene" ft. Weyes Blood
2/6
916frosty, ILYMAX & Zcxr - "beem"
Kodak Black - "Every Balmain"
Savage Ga$p - "goodbyes are the hardest part"
2/7
NoCap - "Dismiss You"
Wiz Khalifa - "Dreams" ft. 24hrs
2/8
Brent Faiyaz - "CIRCLES"
Derivakat - "Under the Weather"
Gabrielle - "Stop Right Now"
Pink Sweat$ - "Heaven"
Slim Thug - "#BlackQueen​"
Slowpalace, FWLR & qwinn - "Already Gone"
The Vaccines - "High Horse"
2/9
645AR - "MAMA PRAY"
Capo Lee, Shorty, JME, Frisco - "Baitest Sound"
Dry Cleaning - "Strong Feelings"
Ebhoni - "X-Ting"
ISLAND - "Octopus"
Katy Kirby - "Portals"
Lauren Duski - "I Would For You"
Pale Waves - "Fall to Pieces"
plxntkid- "crucifix"
slowthai & Skepta - "CANCELLED"
Valley - "Like 1999"
2/10
Brad Paisley - "Off Road"
Cherry Glazerr - "Big Bang"
Claud - "Guard Down"
Danny L Harle & DJ Mayhem - "Interlocked"
Danny L Harle & DJ Ocean - "Ocean's Theme"
Dee Watkins - "Make Em Mad"
GRAE - "Soft"
Greta Van Fleet - "Heat Above"
Gryffin & Two Feet - "I Want Love"
Ichiko Aoba - "Asleep Among Endives (demo)"
Invader Kaide & Steele 11 - "SHGO"
Jacob Banks - "Parade"
Kevo Muney - "Leave Some Day (Remix)" ft. Lil Durk
KUČKA - "No Good for Me"
Liz Phair - "Hey Lou"
Luh Kel - "7:26am"
Middle Kids - "Cellophane (Brain)"
Of Mice & Men - "Timeless"
PROM - "Friends"
Rebecca Black - "Friday (Remix)" ft. Dorian Electra, Big Freedia & 3OH!3
Sainvil - "Need 2"
Teezo Touchdown - "Technically"
Tigers Jaw - "New Detroit"
TK from Ling tosite sigure - "unravel (n-buna from ヨルシカ Remix) "
Trippie Redd - "BUZZ"
Unlike Pluto & why mona - "Circular Motion"
2/11
Ashe - "The Same"
COIN - "Sagittarius Superstar" ft. Faye Webster
Danny Elfman - "Love in the Time of Covid"
Dua Lipa - "We're Good"
Eric Bellinger & Hitmaka - "Hit Eazy"
Erica Banks - "Buss It (Remix)" ft. Travis Scott
flora cash - "Feeling So Down"
G-Eazy - "A Little More" ft. Kiana Ledé
Glitterer - "Life is Not a Lesson"
Headie One - "Siberia"
hololive IDOL PROJECT - "Dreaming Days" ft. Amane Kanata, Houshou Marine, Usada Pekora, Oozora Subaru, Yuzuki Choco, Nakiri Ayame, Murasaki Shion, Natsuiro Matsuri & Shirakami Fubuki
joan & BEKA - "brokenhearted (together)"
Kings of Leon - "Echoing"
milk. - You&I
Noga Erez - "End of the Road (Acoustic Live - Kids Against The Machine)"
Rileyy Lanez - "When I See You (Lamont's Song)"
​Ruel - "too many feelings"
Sauce Twinz - "Splash" ft. Trippie Redd
Skrapz - "Jumpout" ft. Nines
Stefflon Don, Tiwa Savage & Rema - "Can't Let You Go (Remix)"
Stephanie Poetri - "IRL"
Tory Lanez - "Mine Still (Freestyle)"
Tristam - "Burn"
2/12
3OH!3 - "LOVE SOMEBODY"
3OH!3 - "TATTOOED HEART"
916frosty - "wow!" ft. Ducey Gold
Alaina Castillo - "stfu (i got u)"
Aloe Blacc & LeAnn Rimes - "I Do"
Aly & AJ - "Pretty Places"
Anne-Marie, KSI, & Digital Farm Animals - "Don't Play (Acoustic)"
Aston Merrygold - "Overboard"
AViVA & Omiki - "EVIL (Remix)"
Bianca - "Gimme"
Biig Piig - "Cuenta Lo"
Birdy - "Loneliness"
Bishop Briggs - "SOMEONE ELSE (Remix)" ft. Jacob Banks
blackwinterwells - "HEARSE" ft. funeral
Carlie Hanson - "I Hate Your Room"
Carly Rose - "First"
Carrie Underwood - "Softly and Tenderly"
Charlotte Cardin - "Meaningless"
Clever - "Rolls Royce Umbrella" ft. Chris Brown
CRAY - "Roses R Red"
Dan Bull - "Living Life in Limbo"
Deadmau5 - "Arguru 2k19"
DJ Pharris - "Everything New" ft. Wiz Khalifa, Chance the Rapper, Rockie Fresh
Doe Boy - "Lowkey" ft. Lil Uzi Vert
Drew Sycamore - "45 Fahrenheit Girl"
Eloise - "Hungover"
FITZ - "Somebody Sometimes"
Futuristic & Michael Minelli - "Waste Your Time"
G-Eazy - "A Little More" ft. Kiana Ledé
Gallant - "Relapse."
gavn! - "crazy (Acoustic) "
George Cosby - "Real Love"
Gordi & Alex Lahey - "Dino's"
Grant & RUNN - "Fix It"
Guapdad 4000 & !llmind - "How Many"
Hauskey - "Go Wrong"
Henry Daher & Ski Mask the Slump God - "Unseen"
Jay Sean - "Incomplete"
Joey Trap - "BRACE"
Jon Batiste - "Cry"
KAROL G, Anuel AA & J Balvin - "LOCATION"
K. Forest - "Summer We Never Had"
Kelly Rowland - "Black Magic"
Kevin Gates - "Plug Daughter 2"
KIDZ BOP Kids - "Levitating"
Killstation - "SPIRALIA"
Klass Murda & Benny the Butcher - "Theme Song"
Landon Cube, lil rxspy & SypSki - "Down & Out"
LPB Poody - "Batman"
Like Saturn - "vanished years"
Lil Gnar - "Missiles" ft. Trippie Redd
Lil Mosey - "Enough"
Lil Playah - "you THINK I CARE!"
Lil Tjay & 6LACK - "Calling My Phone"
lilspirit - "4ever"
Lucki - "Greed" ft. Lil Yachty
Luclover & Tes X - "Speedracer"
Luh Kel - "I Wish"
Mariah Carey - "We Belong Together (Mimi’s Late Night Valentine’s Mix)"
Mario - "Luxury Love"
Maude Latour - "Walk Backwards"
Maye - "Yours"
Men I Trust - "Tides"
Mýa - "Forever My Love"
Ninajirachi & Kota Banks - "Secretive!"
​nothing,nowhere. - "upside down"
P!nk & Willow Sage Hart - "Cover Me in Sunshine"
Paycheck - "WHERE'S THE LOVE?"
PJ Harding & Noah Cyrus - "Dear August"
PROFF - "Dark Magic"
ProfJam - "Alguém Como Tu" ft. Agir
Quinn XCII - "my​ wife & 2 dogs"
RiFF RAFF x DJ Paul x Merkules - "CUP CUP CUP"
Riley Pearce - "Golden Retriever"
Roosevelt - "Lovers"
ROSIE - "Retail Therapy"
Rowdy Rebel - "Jesse Owens" ft. NAV
Ryan Hurd - "Chasing After You" ft. Maren Morris
Sabina Ddumba - "Damn Good Woman"
SACHI - "Take Me Back"
Sara Kays - "Future Kids"
Savannah Cristina - "Body Work"
Scarypoolparty - "Home"
Sea Girls - "Nothing Breaks Like a Heart"
Sevyn Streeter, Chris Brown & A$AP Ferg - "Guilty"
Sharon Van Etten - "On Your Way Now"
Shy Glizzy - "White Lie" ft. RMR
Sir Sly - "Loverboy"
Sir Sly - "thx."
Skizzy Mars - "Pro Bad Decision Maker"
Sophie and the Giants - "Right Now"
Stalking Gia - "Worship"
Stunna Girl - "Still Smoke"
Surf Mesa & Madison Beer - "Carried Away"
Syd - "Missing Out"
Taylor Swift - "Love Story (Taylor's Version)"
The Fratellis - "Need a Little Love"
Theia - "CREEP" ft. Vayne
Tokyo Jetz - "WYTD" ft. Toosii
Trey Songz - "Brain"
UPSAHL - "STOP!"
valentina cy - "Love Me Now"
Victoria Justice - "Stay"
Warhol.SS - "Checks"
We Are The Empty - "The Ocean"
Weathers - "Losing Blood"
Wolfgang Gartner - "Cosa Nostra"
X Ambassadors & Jensen McRae - "skip.that.party"
YNW Bortlen - "Lovey Dovey" ft. Toosii
Young M.A - "Off the Yak"
Young Thug - "That Go!" ft. T-Shyne & Meek Mill
Yungeen Ace - "All in All"
Zachary Knowles - "johnny & june"
2/13
Aaron Cartier - "You Too"
Care - "Sun Hello to the Islands for Me"
Sol Jay - "#RULEZ"
Terror Jr - "Too Soon" ft. Shawn Wasabi
2/14
904TEZZO - "Here to Stay"
Airospace - "Cosmic Void"
Anirudh Ravichander - "Rendu Kaadhal"
Bobby V - "Reply"
Chuu - "좋아서 그래 (Hello)"
Digga D - "Toxic"
IRENE - "흰 밤 (A White Night)"
Joey Purp & KAMI - "FOR YOU"
Kevinhilfiger - "haunt u"
MAJ - "Queen"
Peniel - "Valentine"
PewDiePie - "Coco"
SuperMega - "Brand New Shirt"
2/15
CHEEZE - "아이 (Daydream)"
Dessa - "Bombs Away"
Helix tears - "idku" ft. Blxty, Yurms, Chava, blackwinterwells, Capoxxo, 8485 & SEBii
Kalan.FrFr. - "No Love" ft. Cypress Moreno & Mozzy
KUURO & Goja - "Close to Hell"
Moses Boyd & Katy B - "2 Far Gone (Remix)"
SOYOU - "ZERO:ATTITUDE" ft. IZ*ONE & pH-1
Wallows - "Quarterback"
ZIA - "누군가의 무엇이 되어 (I become love to you)"
2/16
Alfie Templeman - "Everybody's Gonna Love Somebody"
Dad Sports - "nrvs again"
Dawn Richard - "Bussifame"
Eunkwang - "왜, 너만 (Why’d You Leave Me)"
Ex:Re & 12 Ensemble - "Where the Time Went (Remix)" ft. Josephine Stephenson
Hayley Mary - "Would You Throw a Diamond"
Kang Daniel - "PARANOIA"
Lil Lotus - "Girl Next Door"
Lil Peppa & Buzzboi - "Cheez Crackerz (Remix)"
Lil Peppa & Buzzboi - "Just One Sock (Remix)"
Lil Peppa & Lil Grillz "FF"
Lost Girl - "Menneskekollektivet" ft. Håvard Volden & Jenny Hval
Lost Horizons - "Heart of a Hummingbird" ft. KookieLou
Nick Hakim - "QADIR (BADBADNOTGOOD Remix)"
Porridge Radio & piglet - "Let's Not Fight!"
Porridge Radio & piglet - "Strong Enough"
Rusty Cage - "Hollow Men"
SEBii - "breakOUT"
Toth - "Turnaround (Cocaine Song)"
Wild Pink - "Pacific City"
Your Old Droog & Tha God Fahim - "Slam Dunk Contest" ft. Pharoahe Monch
YOZOH - "작은 사람 (Weak People)"
2/17
AJR - "Way Less Sad"
Arm's Length - "No Sleep"
Christine and the Queens - "Would I Lie to You?" ft. Manu Payet
COBRAH - "DIP 'N' DRIP"
Crowded House - "To The Island"
D Imman - "Yaazha Yaazha"
Genesis Owusu - "Gold Chains"
Gojira - "Born for One Thing"
Iceage - "Vendetta"
José González - "El Invento"
LightSkinKeisha - "FDH"
Mahalia - "Jealous" ft. Rico Nasty
Mariah Carey - "We Belong Together (Mimi's Late Night Valentine's Mix) "
Maty Noyes - "Alexander"
Problem & Wiz Khalifa - "4 the Low"
serpentwithfeet - "Same Size Shoe"
Shura - "obsession" ft. Rosie Lowe
Stereolab - "The Super It"
The Antlers - "Just One Second"
THE BLOSSOM - "HARDCORE HAPPY"
TRI.BE - "둠둠다 (DOOM DOOM TA)"
TRI.BE - "Loca"
Unlike Pluto - "Zoned Out in My Youth"
Vindata - "Good 4 Me"
Vindata - "Union"
Vintage & Morelli x Arielle Maren - "Dreamers"
2/18
Isak Danielson - "If You Ever Forget That You Love Me"
KAYTRANADA - "Caution"
King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard - "Pleura"
Koven - "Numb"
Koven - "Worlds Collide (Grafix Remix)"
Rack - "Davay"
Major Lazer & Ludmilla - "Pra Te Machucar"
Manchester Orchestra - "Bed Head"
MAY-A - "Time I Love To Waste"
NF - "CLOUDS"
Paloma Mami - "Religiosa"
Tom Odell - "numb"
Ulrikke - "Falling Apart"
Velafire - "Under Me"
2/19
24kGoldn - "3, 2, 1"
637godwin - "High Life"
6ix9ine - "ZAZA"
Adelén - "Jaded"
Alan Walker & salem ilese - "Fake a Smile"
Alice Phoebe Lou - "Dirty Mouth"
Amy Shark - "Love Songs Ain't for Us" ft. Keith Urban
Anx & 916frosty - "All American Rejects"
Aston Merrygold - "Share a Coke"
Babygirl - "You Were in My Dream Last Night"
Bella Thorne - "Shake It"
Benny the Butcher & Elcamino - "Immunity"
BFB da Packman - "Honey Pack (Remix)" ft. Lil Yachty & DDG
Big $tunt - "Money Gang" ft. Pooh Shiesty
BIGBABYGUCCI - "Seeing Ghosts"
Blac Chyna - "Doom" ft. Asian Doll
Black Honey - "Disinfect"
BMW KENNY - "HAHA"
Brent Ewing & Zoey Dollaz - "The Fall"
Budjerah - "Higher"
Camden Cox - "Under the Water"
Cash Cash - "Too Late" ft. Wiz Khalifa & Lukas Graham
Catie Turner - "Hide and Seek"
Charlotte Jane - "Down Days"
Chris Brown & Young Thug - "Go Crazy (Remix)" ft. Latto, Lil Durk & Future
CLEWS - "Want You That Way"
Clinton Kane - "CHICKEN TENDIES"
Cochise - "Usopp"
Coi Leray - "No More Parties (Remix)" ft. Lil Durk
Conan Gray - "Overdrive"
DaBaby - "Beatbox Freestyle"
Dami Im - "Lonely Cactus"
Danny Quest & Cheat Codes - "That Feeling" ft. Hayley May
David Shawty - "bad bye"
Day Sulan & YG - "Bailar"
Denzel Curry, Kenny Beats & Smino - "So.Incredible.pkg (Robert Glasper Version)" ft. Robert Glasper
Desto Dubb - "BNB" ft. Lil Pump
Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, DVBBS & Roy Woods - "Too Much"
Drippin' So Pretty - "18"
ELHAE - "Separated"
ELIO - "CHARGER (Remix)" ft. Charli XCX
Ella Henderson & Tom Grennan - "Let's Go Home Together"
Emily Weisband - "New Salt"
Friedberg - "Midi 8"
Funkmaster Flex & Jadakiss - "Damn Shame"
Gianni Kosta & Dragonette - "Phantom"
GLADES - "Dancing in the Mirror"
Grace Davies - "​i met a boy online"
hololive IDOL PROJECT - "あすいろClearSky (AsuiroClearSky)" ft. Tokoyami Towa, Shiranui Flare, Sakura Miko, Ookami Mio, Minato Aqua, Natsuiro Matsuri, Aki Rosenthal, Yozora Mel & Roboco
Jake Miller - "ADDERALL"
Janine - "Loving Me"
Julia Gargano - "You Don't Get To"
Justine Skye - "Intruded"
Kembe X - "Under Pressure (The Smoking Peanut)"
Kenny Mason - "Partments"
KIDDO - "My 100"
L.L.A.M.A, Ne-Yo & Carmen DeLeon - "Shake"
Like Saturn - "free roaming"
Lil Yachty - "Hit Bout It" ft. Kodak Black
LocateEmilio & 27CLUB - "runny nose"
Lord Huron - "Not Dead Yet"
Lxst - "Famous"
Matt Ox - "Shivers"
Marshmello & Arash - "Lavandia"
Matt Berninger - "Let It Be"
MELVV - "READY OR NOT" ft. umru & Terror Jr
Memo600 & Only The Family - "Pistol Tottin"
Mike Shinoda - "Happy Endings" ft. UPSAHL & iann dior
Mimoza - "Young Queen"
MUST DIE! - "SORROW TECH"
Olivia Holt - "Do You Miss Me"
OMB Peezy - "Love is Blind"
Paris Texas - "HEAVY METAL"
Paul Woolford & Amber Mark - "HEAT"
Polish Club - "Stop For a Minute"
Powfu, Rxseboy & Sarcastic Sounds - "the way that you see me" ft. Ayleen Valentine
PRETTYMUCH - "Lonely"
Purple Disco Machine - "Fireworks" ft. Moss Kena & The Knocks
Rah Swish - "A Year Ago"
Rebecca Ferguson - "No Words Needed" ft. Nile Rodgers
Russ - "MISUNDERSTOOD"
Sandro Cavazza & Georgia Ku - "Love To Lose"
Semetary - "NECROMANSER"
Sipho the Gift - "Do More"
Sophia Messa - "Not That Kind of Love"
Still Woozy - "Rocky"
Space Tyger - "Satellites"
Surf - "Parlay"
Tainy & Miguel - "Sunbathe"
The Strumbellas - "Greatest Enemy"
Tory Lanez & Chris Brown - "F.E.E.L.S."
Transviolet - "Drugs in California"
Virgil Abloh - "Delicate Limbs (Omar S Remix)"
Walker Hayes - "I Hope You Miss Me"
Xan Griffin - "S.I.M.P.I.N.G."
Young Dolph & Key Glock - "Case Closed"
Buppy. - "Open My Letter"
2/20
kurtains - "axel ocelot"
2/22
神聖かまってちゃん (Shinsei Kamattechan) - "僕の戦争 (Boku no Sensou)"
Becky G & Burna Boy - "Rotate"
Billie Eilish - "ilomilo (Live)"
Cold Hart - "Every Day's a Day"
Dayglow - "Something"
Duke Deuce - "SPIN" ft. Foogiano
Eptic - "Shadow People"
Green Day - "Here Comes the Shock"
Joey Trap - "YUCA"
Nekomata Okayu - "もぐもぐYUMMY! (Mogu Mogu YUMMY!)"
Zara Larsson - "Look What You've Done"
2/21
Architects - "Meteor"
Luba Juice - ''Who'' ft. King Andi3
2/23
Adult Mom - "Checking Up"
​cupcakKe - "Back In Blood (Remix)"
Dropkick Murphys - "Middle Finger"
Fred again.. & The Blessed Madonna - "Marea (We've Lost Dancing)"
Glass Beach - "yoshis island (world 7x7 mix)"
Greentea Peng - "Nah It Ain't the Same"
Gutta100 - "Beatbox (Remix)"
Jade Bird - "Open up the heavens"
Jetty Bones - "Nothing"
JID - "Skegee"
Lael Hansen - "rip2me"
Pussy Riot - "TOXIC" ft. Dorian Electra
Shamir - "Ocean Eyes"
SUNMI - "꼬리 (Tail)"
SUNMI - "꽃같네 (What the Flower)"
SURAN - "Sunny"
2/24
2KBABY - "No More Parties (Remix)"
Alex Porat - "girlfriend"
Aodhan - "I'm Closed"
Baby Queen - "These Drugs"
Bright Eyes - "Flirted With You All My Life"
Caleborate & Kota the Friend - "Contact"
Cautious Clay - "Roots"
CHAI - "Maybe Chocolate Chips" ft. Ric Wilson
Elena Tsagrinou - "El Diablo"
ELHAE - "Fun Fact Ballad"
Half Waif - "Party's Over"
James Vickery - "Come to Me" ft. Musiq Soulchild
​​​J​ao - "Coringa"
Julien Baker - "Heatwave"
Kero Kero Bonito - "The Princess and the Clock"
Liyah Knight & Nerve - "Cheers"
Muki - "I Make Boys Cry"
renforshort - "virtual reality"
Sinéad Harnett - "Last Love"
Starrah - "Miss This"
THE BOYZ - "Breaking Dawn"
The Offspring - "Let the Bad Times Roll"
The Vaccines - "Fire"
THEY. - "Count Me In (Remix)" ft. Kiana Ledé
Tom Aspaul - "Tender 2" ft. Funk LeBlanc
Vaundy - 融解sink
Will Mannay - "No Feelings"
Wolf Alice - "The Last Man on Earth"
2/25
Bleu Clair - "The Tempo"
Cosha & Coby Sey - "Tighter"
Mansionair - "MORE"
Nick Jonas - "Spaceman"
NSG - "Drunk Guitar (Remix)" ft. Potter Payper
Owlle - "Sounds Familiar"
Peach PRC - "Josh"
Post Malone - "Only Wanna Be with You"
Steps & Michelle Visage - "Heartbreak in This City (Remix)"
Tiana Blake - "Interruption"
Yeek - "Valencia"
2/26
22Gz - "Blixky Gang Freestyle, Pt. 2"
27CLUB - "Crushin'"
2KBABY & Marshmello - "Like This"
6 Dogs - "Starfire (Teen Titans)"
A.CHAL - "Nobody Like Me"
Alesso & Armin Van Buuren - "Leave a Little Love"
Alexandra Stan - "Aleasa"
Aleyna Tilki - "Retrograde"
Alice Longyu Gao - "She Abunai" ft. Mura Masa & bülow
Aloe Blacc - "Other Side"
Alyssa Joseph - "sadboy"
​anders - "Late to the Party"
Ant Saunders - "Spoiled"
Aries - "DITTO"
Ben Howard - "Far Out"
Ben Howard - "Follies Fixture"
Billy Davis - "Dream No More" ft. Ruel & Genesis Owusu
Bizness Boi & Symphani Soto - "I’m Witchu"
braveweather - "black&white"
BRELAND - "Cross Country"
Brett Young - "You Got Away with It"
Carrie Underwood - "Great is Thy Faithfulness" ft. CeCe Winans
Cavetown - "Paul"
CHEETAH - "Villain" ft. JAMIE
Cinders - "Growing Up"
Claire Rosinkranz - "Parking Lot"
Claire Rosinkranz - "Real Life"
Claudia Leitte - "Agradece"
Curtis Waters - "Conceited"
Dava - "New Ceilings"
DDG & OG Parker - "Money Long" ft. 42 Dugg
Denzel Curry & Kenny Beats - "’ Cosmic ’ .m4a (The Alchemist Version)" ft. Joey Bada$$
dePresno - "Church"
Divided Minds - "Wake Up"
DJ Topgun - "Sleep" ft. David Shawty & BBY GOYARD
Doll Skin - "Control Freak"
DOOLIE - "Woke Up Feeling Dramatic"
Ella Vos & Mokita - "​still dreaming, backwards"
Elle King & Miranda Lambert - "Drunk (And I Don't Wanna Go Home)"
Elliphant - "Drunk & Angry"
Enisa - "Count My Blessings"
EVAN GIIA - "Stay Up"
FCG Heem - "More Pain" ft. Toosii
Florrie - "Hours"
Frances - "Ocean in Gold"
Frances - "Rare"
Futuristic & Michael Minelli - "Know Me"
GARZI - "PARANOIA"
Greta Isaac - "Like Me"
H.E.R. & Justin Credible - "Damage (Justin Credible Remix)"
Hanne Leland - "Even If It Breaks My Heart"
Hotboii - "Fuck Shit"
IDK - "Just Like Martin"
India Shawn - "Too Sweet" ft. Unknown Mortal Orchestra
Jaguar Jonze - "CURLED IN"
Jazmine Flowers - "Awkward"
Joel Corry, RAYE & David Guetta - "BED"
John-Robert - "Damn Bean"
Josie Man - "Cuts & Bruises"
Joyce Wrice - "On One" ft. Freddie Gibbs
Kamrin Houser - "G-Code" ft. Lil Skies
Key Glock - "I'm the Type"
Kitten - "American Football"
Kristen Hanby - "Good Girl" ft. YBN Nahmir
KYLE - "But Cha" ft. Josh Golden
Lauren Daigle - "Hold On To Me"
Leon Bridges & Keite Young - "Like a Ship"
Like Saturn - "missing summer"
Lil Kapow - "No Headlights"
Lunay - "Sin Ropa"
Maisie Peters - "John Hughes Movie"
Magnolia Park - "Back on My Bullshit" ft. Jake Hill
Martin Jensen & Georgia Ku - "2019"
Mat Kearney - "Pontiac"
MDMA (Molly) - "Hills"
Millie Turner - "Concrete Tragedy"
MOL$ - "TEN FOLD" ft. MC Virgins & Lil Force
Morcheeba - "Oh Oh Yeah"
Nessly - "Link and Build" ft. MadeinTYO
Noname - "Rainforest"
Nuski2Squad - "Gone Too Soon" ft. Toosii
Peder Elias - "Best Friend"
Pop Smoke - "AP"
Quelly Woo - "PAIN INTO PASSION"
R3HAB, Fafaq & DNF - "Ringtone"
Rah Swish - "Warm Ups" ft. Leeky G Bando
Royal & the Serpent - "​i can't get high"
Sarah Close - "Forgive or Forget"
Sasha Keable - "Exception"
Shelley FKA DRAM - "Exposure"
SIX60 - "All She Wrote"
Slayyyter - "Clouds"
Sol Jay - "fatal"
SpotEmGottem - "Beat Box 3" ft. DaBaby
SSGKobe - "Tired of Me"
Steele 11 - "like dat!"
Steve Aoki & George Benson - "Give Me the Night"
Suigeneris - "Hennyclaws"
Surf - "Beyoncé"
Surf - "To The Moon"
SVEA & Call Me Loop - "I'll Get Better"
Sycco - "My Ways"
Tank - "Can't Let It Show"
Tee Grizzley - "Robbery Part Two"
Tilian - "Anthem"
The Band CAMINO - "1 Last Cigarette"
The Kid LAROI - "STILL CHOSE YOU" ft. Mustard
Thomston - "JPA989"
Tom Speight - "Strange Days"
Torine - "Bored"
TRAQULA - "Cheat Codes for Hoes (Remix)" ft. Shotgun Willy
Two Feet - "Never Enough"
Tyla Yaweh - "All the Smoke (Elias Remix)" ft. Gunna, Wiz Khalifa & Elias
Vacation Forever - "Pop Up In My Head"
William Singe - "Talk to Me Nice"
XIX - "Toxic" ft. BENKRO
YG - "Go Big" ft. Big Sean
YSN Flow - "Bottom Boy"
Yung Bae - "Disco Body Parts" ft. AWOLNATION
Yung Bleu - "Thieves in Atlanta" ft. Coi Leray
Zak Abel - "Be Kind"
2/27
Dotter - "Little Tot"
Eric Saade - "Every Minute"
The Stupendium - "The Apex" ft. NemRaps
2/28
J Balvin - "Ma' 

My wrist 'bout thirty-below (Low)
Why would I be worried 'bout hoes? (Why would?)
And if you ain't ever leanin', swervin' in traffic
You ain't sip that dirty before (That dirty-dirty)
Catch me tippin' on 4's (Skrrt)
Diamonds drippin', prolly sippin' on 4's
Ferragamo slippers, dipped 'em in gold (Woo!)
With so many women, think I'm pimpin' them hoes

'Cause my wrist still drippin', 44's still tip
In the cut with my hittas (Gang)
No, they do not miss
I'm a champagne-pourin' nigga
I love big asses and tits (Show me them titties)
And if you're here just to witness, I just promise this

Hold my wrist (Skrrt, skrrt), tip, four (Four), tip
Wrist, drip (Drip), 44's tip
Hold my wrist (Wrist), tip (Tip), four (Four), tip (Tip)
Wrist (Wrist), drip (Drip), 44's tip (Tippin', tippin', tippin', tippin', tippin')
You might also like
No, he not ballin' like us
Who the fuck he think he is? (He a lame ass fuck nigga)
You gotta come to my city
You gotta see how we live (Pull up with the drug dealers)
You should just come on the bed, I should just fuck you right now
Oh, just forget what I said, I just be thinkin' out loud
Thinkin' out loud (Loud), thinkin' out loud (Loud)
Can I hit it in the mirror? (Yeah) I wanna see your body clearer
Let's think out loud, think out loud
Got my wrist doin' eighty-five in a thirty-five, thirty-five, thirty-five

Wrist, tip, four (Oh), tip (Hold my wrist)
Wrist, drip, 44's tip (Oh)
Hold my wrist, tip (Hold up), four, tip
Wrist, drip (Hold my), 44's tip (Skrrt, skrrt)

My wrist thirty-below (Woo)
It cost about forty, it's fifty on me (Ah)
My neck is retarded, but nigga, I'm geeked (Grr)
My bitch is a baller, but she from the streets (Jheese!)
So don't get her started
Handcuffs like I got arrested, homie (Oh)
Ferragamo's on me (Oh), got me flexin' on 'em (Oh)
Mud, mud (Mud), I got all these taxes on me (What?)
Diamonds shinin', that's them VVS's on me
Leanin' off Actavis (Ah-yeah, Actavis)
Tippin' on fours
Thinkin' 'bout when the ho used to sleep on me like mattresses (Mattresses, woah)
But that's how it go, now I'm gettin' that dough, and I'm 'bout to count up like it's calculus (Calculus, actually)
I got my name off that trappin' shit (Ah, skrrt-skrrt)
But I got the fame off this rappin' shit (Rappin' shit, woo)
Now my watch and my chain is immaculate (Oh)
Bitch, go 'head, look at my
Wrist, tip (Hold my), four, tip (Hold my)
Wrist, drip (Oh, hold my), 44's tip (Hold my)
Hold my wrist, tip (Hold my), four, tip (Wrist,  hold my)
Wrist, drip (Hold my, yeah), 44's tip (Hold my)
Wrist, tip, four, tip (Oh, hold my)
Wrist, drip, 44's tip (Oh, ha, 

Pull up, pull up, can't believe the girls' club packed
What up, what up? Shawty wanna lead me to the back (To the back)
Ain't been in here fifteen minutes, got a pocket full of digits
And she just won't take no
Hold up, hold up, now lil' mama wanna get mad
Slow up, slow up, saying she don't wanna share what she have (She have)
Ain't no particular one that's getting the water gun
So many that I want

They packed up in here wall to wall and (Hey!)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Woah)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
They packed up in here wall to wall and (Woah, yeah)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Hey)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
You might also like
Another two just came up and said they love me on the radio (On the radio)
Two twins, that's a cool lil' scenario (Lil' scenario)
They talking leaving right now
Wanna put in some time 'cause you know what they all ready for
One talking how she like the way that I pop
And the other one (And the other one) said she wanna just watch (Just watch, woo!)
I'm game for any damn thing
But there's more than two hundred dames that's ready to go

They packed up in here wall to wall and (Hey!)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Ladies calling)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
They packed up in here wall to wall and (Woah, woah, woah)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Hey)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
They packed up in here wall to wall and (I can't believe)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (There's so many of 'em claiming me)
I'm tryna give one of them all this (Ayy)
But they keep coming from wall to wall (Ayy, ayy, ayy, wall to wall)
They packed up in here wall to wall and (There's so many ladies)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (In here)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
So many look good in here (So good)
I just don't know which one I want (I want)
If I had to choose y'all know (You know)
I would take all y'all with me
Who wanna try me on the floor? (The floor)
Who ready to come and get this? (Get this)
All I know that I'm feeling this party
And you can see I'm so with it

They packed up in here wall to wall and (Ow!)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Ladies calling me)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall (Woah, woah, woah)
They packed up in here wall to wall and (In here wall to wall)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Oh woah)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall (Hey, hey)
They packed up in here wall to wall and (I'm tryna give somethin' to shawty now)
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling (Hey)
I'm tryna give one of them all this
But they keep coming from wall to wall
They packed up in here wall to wall and
I don't hear nothing but ladies calling
You hear this smash on the radio, bet I penned it (Chris Brown)
You hear this smash on the radio, bet I penned it (Chris Brown)
You hear this smash on the radio, bet I penned it (Chris Brown-Brown)
You hear this smash on the radio, bet I penned it (Chris 

And baby, everything that I have is yours
You will never go cold or hungry
I'll be there when you're insecure
Let you know that you're always lovely, girl
'Cause you are the only thing that I got right now

One day when the sky is falling
I'll be standing right next to you, right next to you
Nothing will ever come between us
'Cause I'll be standing right next to you, right next to you

If you had my child (Yodel-lay-ah)
You would make my life complete (Yodel-lay-ah)
Just to have your eyes on little me
That'd be mine forever (Ooh)

And baby, everything that I have is yours (Oh, everything)
You will never go cold or hungry (Oh)
I'll be there when you're insecure (Insecure)
Let you know that you're always lovely, girl
'Cause you are the only thing that I got right now
You might also like
One day when the sky is falling
I'll be standing right next to you, right next to you (Woah)
Nothing will ever come between us
I'll be standing right next to you, right next to you

We're made for one another (One another), me and you (And you, and you, and you)
And I have no fear, I know we'll make it through
One day when the sky is falling
I'll be standing right next to you, woah-oh

One day when the sky is falling (When the sky is falling, falling, oh)
I'll be standing right next to you (Right next to you, oh)
Right next to you (Right next to you, oh)
Nothing will ever (Nothing will ever) come between us (Come between us)
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na, oh-na-na)
I'll be standing right next to you (Woah)
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na, oh-na-na)
Right next to you (Right next to you)
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na)

(Oh-na-na)
Oh yeah, stand by my side, side, side (Woah)
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na, oh-na-na)
When the sky falls down
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na)
I'll be there, I'll be there
(Oh-na-na, oh-na-na)
You've got that smile that only Heaven can make
I'll pray to God every day to keep you forever


There's somethin' in this liquor (Oh), oh, yeah
The air is gettin' thicker (Oh)
All I want is you-ou-ou-ou (You)
All I want is you-ou-ou-ou

There's somethin' in this liquor, girl
I'm lookin' at your figure, woah
I just wanna see you strip right now
Baby, let me help you work it out, oh
Girl, you look so good
I just wanna get right to it, oh
I can beat it up like, like a real nigga should
Baby, when we do it, woah
You might also like
There's somethin' in this liquor (Oh), oh, yeah
The air is gettin' thicker (Oh-oh, oh)
All I want is you-ou-ou-ou (You)
All I want is you-ou-ou-ou (Yeah)

All I wanna do is drink and fuck, drink, drink and fuck (Oh, yeah)
All I wanna do is (Oh) drink and fuck, and fuck, and fuck (Oh)
(All I want is you-ou-ou-ou)
Drink and fuck, drink, drink, and fuck (All I want is you)
(All I want is you-ou-ou-ou)
Drink and fuck, and fuck, and fuck (Yeah, yeah)

There's somethin' in this liquor
There's somethin' in this liquor, girl
The air is gettin' thicker
The air is gettin' thicker
I can't help but stare at you, oh, yeah (Oh)
Girl, what did you do? (Oh, why?)
What did you slip up in my cup, girl?
'Cause I want ya
I had a little bit too much, girl
So come over here, woah
All I wanna do is drink and fuck, drink, drink, and fuck (Oh)
Drink and fuck, and fuck, and fuck (Oh)
(All I want is you-ou-ou-ou)
Drink and fuck, drink, drink, and fuck (All I want is you, yeah)
(All I want is you-ou-ou-ou)
Drink and fuck, and fuck, and fuck (Yeah, yeah)

All I wanna do is drink and fuck
Drink, drink and fuck, fuck, fuck
Drink and fuck, and fuck, and fuck, fuck
Drink and fuck, drink, drink and fuck
Drink and fuck, and fuck, and 

Hey, little mama, ooh, you're a stunner
Hot little figure, yes, you're a winner
And I'm so glad to be yours
You're a class all your own
And ooh, little cutie, when you talk to me
I swear the whole world stops, you're my sweetheart
And I'm so glad that you're mine
You are one of a kind and

You mean to me what I mean to you
And together, baby, there is nothin' we won't do
'Cause if I got you, I don't need money, I don't need cars
Girl, you're my all
You might also like
And oh, I'm into you
And girl, no one else would do
'Cause with every kiss and every hug
You make me fall in love
And now I know I can't be the only one
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, girl
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you

Oh, girl, I don't want nobody else
Without you, there's no one left then
You're like Jordan's on Saturday
I gotta have you and I cannot wait now
Hey, little shawty, say you care for me
You know I care for you, you know that I'll be true
You know that I won't lie, you know that I would try
To be your everything, yeah

'Cause if I got you, I don't need money, I don't need cars
Girl, you're my all
And oh, I'm into you (Into you)
And girl, no one else would do (Won't)
'Cause with every kiss and every hug (Hug)
You make me fall in love
And now I know I can't be the only one (I know I can't be the only)
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, oh
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, hey, hey

And I will never try to deny that you are my whole life
'Cause if you ever let me go, I would die so I won't front
I don't need another woman, I just need your all-or-nothin'
'Cause if I got that then I'll be straight
Baby, you're the best part of my day
I need you, boo
I gotta see you, boo
And the hearts all over the world tonight (Hey, hey)
Said the hearts all over the world tonight (Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah)
They need it, boo (They need it)
They gotta see their boo
Said there's hearts all over the world tonight
Hearts all over the world tonight
Oh, oh, I'm into you (I'm into you, baby)
And girl, no one else would do
'Cause with every kiss (Every kiss) and every hug (Every hug)
You make me fall in love (You make me)
And now I know I can't be the only one (Can't be the only one)
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, girl
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, oh
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you
Only with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, babe, 

With the pen we true veterans
With the pen we teach youth to use Heaven-sent spitting blue heroin
On the move pedalling, measure and move medicine
Penmanship, smooth elegant, true veterans

Partially own half the strips that you think is popping
California buzz word to Stockton
Then I headed back to Boston
Lyrically an arson, turn the temperature up
We stick to niggas flossing
Intelligent thugs, gateway we pedalling drugs
My ink spray metal ? with blood
Cross the bosses, MAC-10s spit with night forces
Word niggas will bang for them Vs and might force it
My BBM reports like CNN
Got bitches who wanna see my men
Not many artists who wanna see the pen
Torae, Brooklyn don the vets
My soldiers swarm on anything and everything if it’s drama
? approach and die
Official vets from the Bridge to the Stuy, no lie
In the lab Easy Rider inhale we what you feel
This is proof that hip hop’s still real motherfucker
You might also like

My pen depicts victimization and niggas that’s hating
My triggers is shaking, no clique is escaping, I ship em to Satan
God type spitting the ancient like hieroglyphics
And paintings from pyramids that was scripted in basements
I spit heat for the immigrant Haitians
In prison it’s pacing living in cages working for minimum wages
Pages of hope ? resembling Asians
Making moves to the Caymans
With clear water and the view is amazing
Now I’m taking trips to Jamaica with bitches with paper
I know where I came from, that’s why my vision is greater
So why the fuck would I consider a hater?
I’m stacking grands, making movies with some stunts doing favours
Jackie Chan, Torae spitting crack with the fam
We matching them grams
You want fire? I’mma need the cash in advance
I rap for them fans from Bean to the Africa sands
Now tell me who the fuck can go in like Flash and his mans
Embed

All that bullshit's for the birds
You ain't nothin' but a vulture-ure-ure-ure
Always hoping for the worst
Waitin' for me to fuck up
You'll regret the day when I find another girl, yeah
That know just what I need, she know just what I mean
When I tell her, "Keep it drama free"
Woah-woah
(Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
Chu-Chuckin' up them deuces
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
Yeah, yeah, told you that I'm leaving, deuces
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
Woah, woah
I know you mad, but so what? I wish you best of luck
And now I'm finna throw them deuces up

I'm on some new shit
I'm chuckin' my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to somethin' better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye to her (Say bye-bye, deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye to her (Say bye-bye)
You might also like
Uh, used to be Valentines, together all the time
Thought it was true love, but you know women lie
It's like I sent my love with a text two times
Call 'cause I care, but I ain't get no reply (No reply)
Tryna see eye to eye, but it's like we both blind
Fuck it, let's hit the club, I rarely sip but pour me some
'Cause when it's all said and done
I ain't gon' be the one that she can always run to
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
I hate liars, fuck love, I'm tired of tryin'
My heart big, but it beat quiet
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
I don't never feel like we vibin'
'Cause every time we alone, it's a awkward silence
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
So leave your keys on the kitchen counter
And give me back that ruby ring with the big diamond
Shit, it's over, what you trippin' for?
I don't wanna have to let you go
But, baby, I think it's better if I let you know

I'm on some new shit
I'm chuckin' my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work, no (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye, bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye, bye-bye)
Say bye-bye to her (Say bye-bye, oh-oh, deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye to her, yeah (Say bye-bye)
Look, my shawty always on some bullshit like Chicago
So I flip that middle finger and the index finger follow
Deuces, we ain't got no future in tomorrow
I'm a dick, so it shouldn't be that hard to swallow
The other chick I'm with never complainin'
She make me wanna leave the one I'm with, Usher Raymond
Prolly didn't register, don't trip, later on, it will
Shorty full of drama, like Gangsta Gri-zills
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
I finally noticed it, it finally hit me
Like Tina did Ike in the limo, it finally hit me
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
I got a new chick, and she ain't you
She Paula Patton thick, she give me déjà vu
(Oh-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah)
And all that attitude, I don't care about it
But all that shit I do for her, you gon' hear about it
Breezy rep two up, two down
But I'm just puttin' two up, chuckin' up the deuce now (Oh!)

I'm on some new shit
I'm chuckin' my deuces up to her, oh-oh (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better (Better, baby)
No more tryna make it work, hey (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye, say, say)
Say bye-bye to her (Say bye-bye, bye-bye, deuces)
You made me wanna say bye-bye (Say bye-bye)
Say bye-bye (Say bye-bye, say, say)
Say bye-bye to her (Say bye-bye), 

You make it hard for me to see somebody else
I'm calling her your name
Yeah, it's messed up 'cause I'm thinking 'bout you
It's your fault, babe, I never wanted us to break up
No, not this way, but you don't understand it, girl

When she touches me, I'm wishing that they were your hands
And when I'm with her, it's only 'bout the sex
With you, I had a bad romance
And if I could just trade her in, I would
'Cause nobody compares to you, no, yeah

I think I better let her go (Go), 'cause I can't leave you alone (Oh)
Every day that I'm with her, all I want is you (Yeah)
I wanna leave but I'm afraid (Afraid), that you don't even feel the same (The same)
And now I realize, that she ain't you
No, she ain't you
You might also like
Oh-oh, oh (Oh, no, no-no, no)
Woah-oh, oh (Oh, no, no-no, no)
Woah-oh (She ain't you)
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
'Cause she ain't, no, she ain't you

I've been sleeping out for quite some nights now
It's not the same in my bed
But if she found out what's going on in my head
It'll be all bad, have me right back
But you don't understand it, girl, no

When she touches me, I'm wishing that they were your hands
And when I'm with her, it's only 'bout the sex
With you, I had a bad romance
And if I could (And if I could) just trade her in, I would (I would)
'Cause nobody compares to you, no, yeah (Compares to you)

I think I better let her go (Go), 'cause I can't leave you alone (Oh)
Every day that I'm with her, all I want is you (Yeah)
I wanna leave but I'm afraid (Afraid), that you don't even feel the same (The same)
And now I realize, that she ain't you
No, she ain't you
She a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she a-ain't, she ain't you
No, she—

I think I better let her go (Hey), 'cause I can't leave you alone (Woah-oh)
Every day that I'm with her, all I want is you, girl (Yeah)
I wanna leave but I'm afraid (Afraid), that you don't even feel the same (The same)
And now I realize, that she ain't you
No, she ain't you

Oh-oh, oh (Oh)
Oh, na-na-na-na (Oh na-na-na-na-na)
Woah-oh, oh
Oh, na-na-na-na
'Cause she ain't, no, she ain't 

Imagine that the pillow that you cried on was my chest
And the tissue that you wiped your face with was my hand
Girl, imagine if you needed advice about some other guy
I'm the one that comes to mind
Not tryna hear you tell nobody that I'm just a friend
Just tryna make sure I'm that body that you call your man
And any time you need a shoulder
It's yours, night or day, but what I'm tryna say is

I wanna be the last number you call late at night (Said I wanna be)
First one that you dial when you open your eyes
Wanna be the one you run to
Wanna be the one that ain't gon' hurt you
I wanna be, yeah, wanna be, yeah
Be the man making your girls jealous (Girl, I wanna be)
Be the guy shutting down all the fellas (Oh)
Whatever you need, girl, it's all on me
Your soldier, your friend or your lover (Oh), girl, I wanna be
You might also like
Would it be cool, would you mind if I called you my boo?
What if the next whip you was pushing was the one I bought for you?
Can I be the one that meets your pops and take your mama shopping?
Be the only one they like
Wait, have you thought about it
Wait, really thought about it?
Maybe you should take some time
Call your girls and talk about it, yeah
'Cause I done already made up my mind (My mind)
Don't need no more time to know if I wanna be with you

I wanna be the last number you call late at night (Yeah, I wanna be, yeah)
First one that you dial when you open your eyes (Oh)
Wanna be the one you run to (Wanna be that)
Wanna be the one that ain't gon' hurt you (Wanna be that)
I wanna be, yeah, wanna be, yeah
Be the man making your girls jealous (I wanna)
Be the guy shutting down all the fellas (All the fellas, yeah)
Whatever you need (Whatever you need), girl, it's all on me
Your soldier, your friend or your lover (Hey), girl, I wanna be

Put me on your screen saver, all over your MySpace
And make me one of your top favorites, that's where I wanna be
The one you crying for, stand up for and fighting for
Wanna be your good, bad, love, hate, girl
Cross my heart, hope to die, on everything that's good
I'ma do you right, show you right, get this understood
Cross my heart, hope to die, on everything that's good
I'ma do you right, show you right, get this understood
I wanna be the last number you call late at night (Oh, oh)
First one that you dial when you open your eyes (When you open your eyes)
Wanna be the one you run to
Wanna be the one that ain't gon' hurt you (Oh)
I wanna be, yeah (I wanna be yours), wanna be, yeah
Be the man making your girls jealous (Jealous, yeah)
Be the guy shutting down all the fellas (Fellas)
Whatever you need (Oh), girl, it's all on me
Your soldier, your friend or your lover, girl, I wanna be

Oh, I wanna be yours
Girl, I wanna be yours
I wanna be yours
Be yours
I wanna be, be yours
I wanna be, be 

Dim the lights
Where are the party girls, all my party girls?
Livin' life for all these beautiful women, yeah
He don't do it right, I'll treat you better
Like you never had it
I can see the big picture, you get the message
Yeah, girl
Baby, tell me, what we gon' do tonight?
Champagne gon' get you right
I can tell you the freaky type
I just need the green light
Baby, let me set your body free
Sun up to sun down
Kissin' you, you kissin' me
You know it's alright

Girl, I see you dancin'
Tell the waiter bring more shots over here
This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl
Just for you, girl (Oh)
This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl
Just for you, girl (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
I'm about to do some body shots
On your pussy, baby
You might also like
On your pussy, baby

Don't run away, what you runnin' from?
Know you wanna come with me
Let's run away tonight, together, forever, baby
End the night like you never done before
Find my love, in the lights
It won't go away, the rays are on you now
I bet nobody ever did you better
Movin' at the speed of sound
I'm tryin' to find your hidden treasure
Divin' deep, girl, I'm goin' down

Girl, I see you dancin' (Girl, I see you)
Tell the waiter bring more shots over here
This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl (For you, girl)
Just for you, girl (Oh)
This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl
Just for you, girl (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
I'm about to do some body shots (What?)
Turn the fuck up, woo!
On your pussy, baby

This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl (For you, girl)
Just for you, girl (Oh)
This one's for you, girl
It's for you, girl
Just for you, girl (

Girl, I wanna love you, baby (Ah-ah)
Oh
I wanna make love to you (Ah-ah)
Ooh-ooh (Ah, yeah-yeah), yeah, uh
I said baby, baby, baby, woah-oh (Ah)
I wanna make love to you (To you)
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Woah, yeah, baby

Girl, you look so good
You're all I can think about
The only one I can't be without, yeah
Everythin' you do, woah, oh, no
Girl, I swear I have no doubt
I'm gon' make you scream and shout (Oh)
You might also like
Girl, I wanna love you, baby (Yeah, ah-ah)
Oh
I wanna make love to you (I wanna make love, ah-ah)
Ooh-ooh (Ah, make love, yeah-yeah, ow!), yeah, uh
I said baby, baby, baby (Sayin' baby, baby, baby)
(Ah) Yeah
I wanna make love to you (Said I wanna make love)
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah

Baby girl, give me some, give me some lovin', oh, yeah
I love the look on your face (Yeah) when I'm deep in love
All I need in my life, girl, is your lovin', yeah-yeah-yeah
Girl, give me some, give me some lovin', oh

Girl, I wanna love you, baby (Ah-ah)
Ooh
I wanna make love to you (I wanna make love)
Ooh-ooh (Ah, yeah-yeah), yeah, uh
I said baby, baby, baby (Baby)
(Ah-ah) Baby
I wanna make love to you (To you, come on, baby)
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah (Ah-ah)
Girl, I wanna make love to you
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Girl, I wanna make love to you
Wanna make love to 

Say she comin' over late night with some bad bitches
Told her, "Baby, have your whole team ready"
I done got so high on the Miley Cyrus
I just need some codeine just to relax (Oh)
This the new Vivian Millennium, wavy
We don't talk as much as we used to lately
Send a text through forever, my lady
You done kept it true from the day that you met me
I don't wanna get you to ruin your new relations
Showin' tough love, baby, how the streets made me

Bye-bye, baby, goin' bye-bye
Had her on the sideline, now she goin' bye-bye
Used to come through, hit it, pull off like a drive-by
Then she got that pool on her, so I know her new guy
Nigga had to tie the knot (Tie, tie the knot), know that nigga tied the knot
I just had her put up in a penthouse like a jackpot
Same young niggas servin' junkies at the crack spot
Take some well-known pussy, eat it 'til she pass out
Take the stripper, smoke some Keisha with her, then crash out (Ooh)
You might also like
Still a doughboy, so I'm walkin' with the bands out
Take the Dom Pérignon (Woo!), told 'em gon' carry on (Woo!)
Keep the shit a trillion
And I wanna take the time to get to know you
Like I should've did my last one (My last one)
For my new one, for my new one
For my new jump, baby, gon'

Bye-bye, baby, goin' bye-bye
Had her on the sideline, now she goin' bye-bye
Used to come through, hit it, pull off like a drive-by
Then she got that pool on her, so I know her new guy
Nigga had to tie the knot (Tie, tie the knot), know that nigga tied the knot
I just had her put up in a penthouse like a jackpot
Same young niggas servin' junkies at the crack spot
Take some well-known pussy, eat it 'til she pass out (Pass out, woah)
Take the stripper, smoke some Keisha with her, then cash out (Ooh)

You did it, you made me a better person
You did it, you did it
You made me a better person
You did it, you did it
You made me a better person (Yeah)
You did it, you did it (Oh-woah)
You did it, you did it
Shawty comin' over late night with some bad bitches (Ayy)
Told baby, "Have the whole team ready" (Ayy)
Balled so hard last night, baby called back
Said she wanna have another replay
You enjoyed the moment as you should, sprinkle game on the thing
Man, I should've started hangin' 'round the gang
She the truest
Put her hair inside a bun, she the truest
Make me pull up with the funds, I'll do it
Spoil you once, and again I'll do it
You want that brand new Benz, I'll do it
Ain't ever got the time, what you doin'?
You ain't ever did complain when we do it
Now you actin' real strange when we do it
With the girls on girls when we did it
You ain't ever put the world in our business
You see me, fall in love, you the realest
You see me get engaged
And you had to read about it on the blogs
You've accepted me like a jail call, baby, gon'

Bye-bye, baby, goin' bye-bye
Had her on the sideline, now she goin' bye-bye
Used to come through, hit her, pull off like a drive-by
And she got that pool on her, so I know her new guy
Nigga had to tie the knot, know that nigga tied the knot
I just had her put up in a penthouse like a jackpot
Same young niggas servin' junkies at the crack spot
Take some well-known pussy, eat it 'til she pass out
Take the stripper, smoke some Keisha with her, then cash out (Oh)
You did it, you made me a better person
You did it, you did it
You made me a better person
You did it, you did it
You made me a better person
You did it, you did it
You did it, you did 

I ain't tryna play with it
If you want it, come get it, ah-ah
It ain't nobody business
What I'm 'bout to do with it, ah-ah
Can I leave with you, girl? I won't waste your time
Girl, I gotta tell you what's been on my mind (Mind, oh)

Can I stick it in a little bit? (Oh, yeah, oh)
Don't be shy, just a little bit
Sex and Hennessy
Get you wet just a little bit (Oh)
You ain't gotta stay the night
You can leave in a little bit
Little bit, little bit, little bit (Tell me can I—)

I hope you well rested now
'Cause I'ma eat it up (Make sure you work that mouth)
Girl, I heard you got the best head, oh
You know my girls like girls
We gon' turn this party up over her best friend's house
Everybody got me tippin'
She told me that she got a twin
And I just wanna put the tip in a little bit
You might also like
I ain't tryna play with it
If you want it, come get it, ah-ah
It ain't nobody business
What I'm 'bout to do with it, ah-ah
Can I leave with you, girl? I won't waste your time (Ooh)
Girl, I gotta tell you what's been on my mind (Mind, oh)

Can I stick it in a little bit? (Oh, yeah, oh)
Don't be shy, just a little bit (Little bit, oh)
Sex and Hennessy
Get you wet just a little bit (Little bit, oh, oh)
You ain't gotta stay the night
You can leave in a little bit (Little bit, oh)
Little bit, little bit, little bit (Tell me can I—)

Oh, baby, scream my name
Put that pussy in my face
Wrap your legs around my head
Swing that ass like a chandelier
Baby, you've been all alone too long, too long (Oh), too long
Baby girl, I gotta bring you home (Oh)

Can I stick it in a little bit? (Ooh, yeah, oh)
Don't be shy, just a little bit (Little bit, yeah)
Sex and Hennessy
Get you wet just a little bit (Oh)
You ain't gotta stay the night
You can leave in a little bit (Oh)
Little bit, little bit, little bit
I just want to stick it in a little bit (Tell me can I—)
Haha


You're a goddess in the bedroom
Devil in them skintights
Drug that I'm hooked to
But it's okay, I'll be alright
Tried my best to please you
Show you what it means to be a victim of love
So turn on that red light (Oh-oh), oh-oh (Oh-oh)
Turn on that red light (Oh-oh), oh-oh-oh, ayy (Oh-oh)

We gon' be bumpin' and grindin'
Seems like you're ready to sex me, baby, baby
And I'm feelin' on your booty
Drivin' me crazy
Half on a baby, baby
'Cause your body's callin' me (Callin' me)
And with your permission, let me start your ignition
Don't you know that you're remindin' me (Remindin' me)
Of a song on 12 Play
You're like a song on 12 Play
You might also like
Fuckin' with an R&B thug (Thug, yeah)
You gon' have the greatest sex (Sex, work)
Do you mind if I stroke you up? (Ayy, you up)
Baby girl, imagine that (Oh yeah)
Drippin' that honey love (Love)
I'ma hit it hard from the back
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Just like that (Yeah)
Do your body like a real freak
(Have a little private) Fiesta, fiesta
Somebody's girl is on my body naked, shakin'
Etcetera, etcetera, etcetera (Oh)
Yeah, baby, ayy (Ayy, oh-oh)

We gon' be bumpin' and grindin' (Yeah, baby)
Seems like you're ready to sex me (Sex me) baby, baby (Baby)
And I'm feelin' on your booty (Oh-oh)
Drivin' me crazy (Let's go)
Half on a baby, baby (Oh-woah)
'Cause your body's callin' me (Oh yeah, your body's callin' me, baby)
And with your permission. let me start your ignition
Don't you know that you're remindin' me (Remindin' me, girl, you remind me)
Of a song on 12 Play
You're like a song on 12 Play
Okay, foreplay, that's child's play
Makin' love is my forté (Oh)
Shots of you when I'm thirsty
Damn right, I'ma eat that pussy
Clothes all in the background (Oh)
I give a back shot, I don't back down
She like her hair pulled and that ass slapped around
And the neighbors screamin' out, "Keep it down"

Baby, turn on the red light tonight (Ayy)
Lil' mama, it'll be alright
I just wanna be all on you (Ayy)
Do it 'til we both can't move
Your body
Your neck, your breasts, your ass, girl
Sweat drippin' on my body
Feel like this my last, girl
So tonight

We gon' be bumpin' and grindin'
Seems like you're ready to sex me (Yeah), baby (Yeah), baby (Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah)
And I'm feelin' on your booty (Oh)
Drivin' me crazy (Oh, let's go)
Half on a baby, baby
'Cause your body's callin' me (It's callin' me, babe, your body, listen)
And with your permission, let me start your ignition (Oh-woah)
Don't you know that you're remindin' me (Remindin' me, oh, oh-oh)
Of a song on 12 Play (Yeah, yeah)
You're like a song on 12 Play
Oh-na-na-na-na-na-na
Down low, down low
Oh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Keep it on the down low (Yeah), down low (Yeah)
Do you mind if I stroke you up?
She say, "I don't mind"
Do you mind if I stroke you up?
She say, "I don't 

Girl, I bet that he be acting all cocky like
Like he deserves you and you so lucky to be with him
Bet he be treating you rude, always got a attitude
Like he's the only dude made for you, woah

But I bet he didn't count on, a little nigga like me coming 'round
Giving you things to think about 'cause I know what's up
Since he ain't tryna step it up, don't you think you should give him up?
'Cause he ain't worth the love

Stop tripping
I know you got a man but, girl, he's slipping
I can see myself getting in where I fit in
I want you to see, just how much your man ain't me 'cause
He ain't fly, he don't even drive
'Cause when you wanna sneak out in the middle of the night, baby, I'm your guy
I might be since he ain't being all that he can be (Yeah)
Baby, please, your man, your man ain't me
You might also like
Girl, I know that you be wishing he was nothing like
Like that playa type and you so lucky to be with him
Wish that he treated you cool and didn't cheat on you
Like you're just another girl in his crew

But I bet he didn't count on (Oh) a little nigga like me coming 'round
Giving you things to think about 'cause I know what's up, yeah
Since he ain't tryna step it up, don't you think you should give him up?
'Cause he ain't worth your love, you need to stop tripping

Stop tripping (Oh)
I know you got a man but, girl, he's slipping (Oh)
I can see myself getting in where I fit in (I can see myself, yeah)
I want you to see, just how much your man ain't me 'cause (I want you to see)
He ain't fly (He ain't fly), he don't even drive (Oh no)
'Cause when you wanna sneak out in the middle of the night, baby, I'm your guy (Oh)
I might be since he ain't being all that he can be (No)
Baby, please, your man, your man ain't me

Can you see
You and him ain't meant to be together, life with me will be better?
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Yes, just let him leave
You'd be doing yourself a favor
Girl, I'm just tryna save you
Stop tripping (Oh)
I know you got a man but, girl, he's slipping (And you know I can see it)
I can see myself getting in where I fit in (I can fit in, baby)
I want you to see, just how much your man ain't me 'cause (Oh, oh, oh)
He ain't fly (No no), he don't even drive
'Cause when you wanna sneak out in the middle of the night, baby, I'm your guy (In the middle of the night)
I might be since he ain't being all that he can be (I'm your guy, yeah)
Baby, please, your man, your man ain't me

Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, baby (Oh no)
Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, baby (He ain't me, no)
Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, baby (No, no)
(No, he ain't me, no, he ain't me no he ain't)
Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, baby
Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, baby
Oh, no, your man ain't me, no, 

There can be one only you, woah-oh (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
And baby, God could never make two, woah, na-na-na (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
And I know you came here with your crew, woah-oh (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
But I promise you that it feels like it's just us two, uh-huh (Oh-oh)

Oh, I don't know what you had planned to do tonight (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
But I just wanna be the one to do you right, right (Oh-oh)
When we're standin' here, lookin' at each other, baby, eye to eye (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
And I'm hopin' that you're thinkin' 'bout leavin' with me tonight

Who said you can't find love in the club?
'Cause I wanna tell them they wrong
Come on, just, baby, try a new thing
And let's spark a new flame
You gon' be my baby (Yes)
Love me, love you crazy (Yes)
Tell me if you with it (Yes)
Baby, come and get it
Baby, try a new thing (Usher, baby)
And let's spark a new flame
Breezy, let me holla at her
Yeah, man, listen
You might also like
I can't believe you came here all alone
Baby girl, where's your lover?
Oh, it don't really matter
'Cause I got plans to get to know you better, yeah
Baby, baby, baby, baby
Let's make what we got here last forever, uh
Girl, 'cause I don't wanna let you go, never (Oh-oh)

I don't know what you had planned to do tonight (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
Girl, I just wanna be the one to do you right, right (Oh-oh)
When we're standin' here, lookin' at each other, baby, eye to eye  (Oh, yeah-yeah, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
Baby, I hope that you're thinkin' 'bout leavin' with me tonight

Who said you can't find love in the club? (Love, oh)
'Cause I wanna tell them they wrong (Oh, woah-oh, tell them that they wrong)
Come on, just, baby, try a new thing (Try a new thing, hey)
And let's spark a new flame (Oh, yeah, yeah)
You gon' be my baby (Yes, oh)
Love me, love you crazy (Yes, crazy)
Tell me if you with it (Yes, with it)
Baby, come and get it
Girl, just try a new thing (Gonna spark it up, baby, try a new thing)
And let's spark a new flame
She know what time it is, Chris, yeah
(M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music)
Home plate, World Series, how a nigga slidin' in her (Ugh)
Baby, I'm a boss, I'm talkin' George Steinbrenner
Panamera, Yogi Berra, my two-seater, Derek Jeter
Got more stripes than all these niggas
Babe Ruth ballin' in a Beamer (Woo)
Collar on my Polo (Woo), kisses on my necklace (Agh)
All my diamonds watchin', now my watches gettin' jealous (Haha)
Smokin' on a bomb in my autographed LeBron's
Yeah, she told me I'm the one, that's when I only hit it once
M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music

Who said you can't find love in the club? (No)
'Cause I wanna tell them they wrong (Baby)
Come on, just, baby, try a new thing (New thing, baby)
And let's spark a new flame (Baby)
You gon' be my baby (Yes, be mine)
Love me, love you crazy (Yes)
Tell me if you with it (Yes)
Baby, come and get it
Baby, try a new thing
And let's spark a new 

Need a ride, I can Range you up
Money, I can change you up (Come on)
You can have your own, no longer be the passenger (Come on)
Swag low, I build you up
Knees weak, I stand you up (Woo!)
Red lips, red dress, like 'em like a fire truck (Chris)

What you need, you can have that (Woo!)
My Black Card, they don't decline that
See potential in ya, let me mold that
I can transform ya, I can transform ya (Oh, bounce, come on)

I can transform ya, I can transform ya
Anything ya want, I can, I can get it for ya
You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya
I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya
Shoes, you got it, got it
Bags, you got it, got it
Cars, you got it, got it
M-M-Money, you got it, got it
I can, I can transform ya, I can, I can transform ya
Anything you want I can, I can get it for ya (Come here, Chris)
You might also like
See it in the video, you can have it really though
Iced out everything, frigid like a eskimo
Wanna fly, we can go anywhere you wanna go
Jimmy Choos in Italy, Louis V in Tokyo
Something like Pinocchio, if you lie down, I'ma grow
Wanna see me do it big, I can show you how it goes
Take you from an amateur to being professional
I can have you swag surfin'

What you need, you can have that
My Black Card, they don't decline that
See potential in ya, let me mold that
I can transform ya, I can transform ya (Bounce)

I can transform ya, I can transform ya
Anything ya want, I can, I can get it for ya
You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya
I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya
Shoes, you got it, got it
Bags, you got it, got it
Cars, you got it, got it
M-M-Money, you got it, got it
I can, I can transform ya, I can, I can transform ya
Anything you want I can, I can get it for ya (Come on, Chris)
Okay, I can transform ya like a Transformer
I can turn you from a human to a Carter
Take you off the bench, t-turn you to a starter
Then I take you home and put you on a charger
Then-Then my car transforms to a charter
And we can fly to wherever you ever thought of
Haha, I take you to where it's warmer
Then I gotta rip off your dress like a warm up
Haha, but I'm just gettin' warmed up
So tell your man he better get his Voltron up
I transform her to a Ducati
Then I transform me to a Bugatti
'Cause her form puts me in a trance
I transform smaller and she puts me in her pants
Swizz-Swizz on the beat, Chris move ya feet
And Weezy transform a good girl to a freak (Bounce)

I can transform ya, I can transform ya
Anything ya want, I can, I can get it for ya
You're my baby girl so you know I did it for ya
I can trans, I can trans, I can transform ya
Shoes, you got it, got it
Bags, you got it, got it
Cars, you got it, got it
M-M-Money, you got it, got it
I can, I can transform ya, I can, I can transform ya
Anything you want I can, I can get it for ya (Come on, 

Come and ride on me like the waves (Yeah)
I flip the pages 'cause I wrote the book on the way
How to sex you up (Mm), sex you up (Oh)
We can do it like I'm on the stage, we'll have an audience
Baby, I'll show you the way that I sex you up (Oh)
Or I can lick you up and down 'til you say (Oh yeah)
You love how I eat on that pussy (Yeah)
Just might go put a tat on that pussy (Oh)
That says Usher, Usher (Usher)
There's no other, other (Yeah, oh)
Damn, girl, yeah, you got that juicy (Yeah)
Love when I make you cum, I make it gushy (Oh)
One after the other
I'm the champion lover, lover
Fuck you to sleep, wake you up again (Oh)
I go so deep, beat it up again (Oh)
Girl, come and sit on my tongue again (Oh)
'Cause I love to taste you, yeah (Oh)
I can tell you been eatin' your pineapples (Mm)
Girl, your pussy taste like pineapples (Oh, oh)
Girl, when I hit your G, it feel like you gon' pee (Oh)
Baby, cum for me
You might also like
Just let me rock (Huh, yeah-yeah, oh, yeah-yeah)
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Oh, yeah, oh)
Don't say a word, no
Girl, don't you talk (Talk, oh yeah, oh)
(Don't talk, don't talk)
Just hold on tight to me, girl
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Oh), rock you back (Oh)

Huh, now where you been? It's been a year
Baby, I ain't seen you, you know I miss you (Oh)
Baby, let me love you back to sleep once more
And I know we don't speak no more, but (Oh)
I just wanna tell you I'm sorry (Hey)
For fuckin' 'round with Keisha and MaKayla, huh
For all them Georgia peaches in Decatur
For all these bitches in the elevator
I just want you to love me (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, baby, don't test me (Huh), you know I'll do it
You want me to say your name, girl? Okay, Karrueche

Just let me rock, huh
I'ma fuck you back to sleep, girl (Hold on tight to me, girl, right)
No, don't you talk (Don't talk, don't talk)
Just hold on tight to me, girl
Fuck you back to sleep, girl
And rock you back
Baby, just stay comfortable
I want you as you are
Baby, just lay there naked waitin' for me
Let's not get emotional
Let's be who we are
Can we do that? Can we do that? Can we?
Know it's been a long day, it's 'bout to be a long night
So keep your eyes closed 'til I roll through
So, baby, when you're feelin' like a woman in the sheets
Somebody splittin' your knees
Don't worry, that's me, I'm over here puttin' work in
Baby, you ain't gotta tell me what you want

Just let me rock (And let me love you, baby, ooh, oh, yeah)
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Yeah), oh (Yeah)
Don't say a word no, girl
Girl, don't you talk (Ooh, huh)
(Don't talk, don't talk)
Just hold on tight to me, girl
Fuck you back to sleep, girl (Yeah)
And rock you back (Fuck you back to sleep)

Ain't sorry that I woke ya (Yeah, I ain't, no)
I ain't sorry 'bout your job (Fuck you back to sleep, girl, yeah)
Call sick in the mornin' so I can get a little bit more of your love (Rock you back, rock you back, huh)
Ain't sorry that I woke ya (Woke ya, yeah)
I ain't sorry 'bout your job (Huh, fuck you back to sleep, girl, yeah)
Call sick in the mornin' so I can get a little bit more of your love
Right back, rock you back
Right back, rock you 

Okay, check it, check it, check it out
It's Santana again steppin', steppin', steppin' out (Uh)
One of the brand-new big-boy toys
I do big-boy things, I make big-boy noise, 'cause
I know what girls want (Want), I know what they like (Like)
They wanna stay up (Ayy!) and party all night
So bring a friend

Let me talk to you, tell you how it is
I was thinkin' when I saw that body
Gotta get shawty, tell her what the young boy gon' do
Damn, them chicks with you gotta be okay
Babe, pretty thick with the kick that's sick
That need to be hit, so tell me what y'all gon' do

I got friends and you got friends (Word, oh)
They hop out, and you hop in (Word, oh-oh)
I look fly and they jockin' (Word)
The way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop
I got friends and you got friends (Word, hey)
They hop out, and you hop in (Word)
I look fly and they jockin' (Word)
The way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop
You might also like
Is ya man (Man) on the floor? (Floor)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Know)
Let me see if you can run it, run it
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it
Is ya man (Man) on the floor? (Floor)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Lemme know)
Let me see if you can run it, run it
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it (Come here!)

You'll see, girl, I can set you off
Don't believe my age is gonna slow us down
I can definitely show you things to have you sayin' I can't be sixteen
Once I get in you won't let go
(And I) I'll have the girls wishin' they were you
(And I) I know you heard about me
But guess what's goin' down if we leave

I got friends and you got friends (Word, oh)
They hop out, and you hop in (Word, oh)
I look fly and they jockin' (Word)
The way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop
I got friends and you got friends (Word)
They hop out, and you hop in (Word, hey)
I look fly and they jockin' (Word, ooh)
The way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop (Ooh, ooh)
Is ya man (Man) on the floor? (Floor, uh-huh)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Know, uh-huh)
Let me see if you can run it, run it (Yeah)
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it (Ayy)
Is ya man (Man) on the floor? (Floor, uh-huh)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Lemme know, uh-huh)
Let me see if you can run it, run it (Ayy)
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it (Let's go)

Girl, you feel right (Feel right)
Make me feel like (Feel like)
I wanna do a little somethin' (Do a little somethin')
Ain't no thing 'less you do it for sure
Girl, the way that you're wearin' them jeans is turnin' me on
I'm the hottest thing that's in these streets (DipSet, Santana)
So, baby, won't you rock me? (Ayy)

Make it drop, honey (Honey), make it pop, honey (Honey)
Whip whop, tick-tock to the clock for me
Don't stop doin' that (Don't)
And shorty know I mean what I say so she won't stop doin' that
Plus I heard if you can dance, you can bump
Well dance time is up, let's go, let's go (Yup)
We can get it in (Yup), we can get some friends
Do it like the Ying Yang Twins, start whisperin'
Wait 'til you see my ayy!
Wait 'til you see my ayy!
Let me fall back, you ain't ready for all that
Have you sleep late, real late, yeah, takin' a long nap (Ayy)
You tell your friends to get with my friends
We could be friends, switch and meet friends
(Switch!) We can do it all night long and
'Til the clock hit mornin', ya dig? (Ayy)
Is ya man (Man, oh) on the floor? (Floor)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Know, ooh, ooh, yeah)
Let me see if you can run it, run it
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it (Oh, woah-oh)
Is ya man (Man, oh, woah-oh) on the floor? (Floor)
If he ain't (Ain't), lemme know (Lemme know, mmm)
Let me see if you can run it, run it (Run it)
Girl, indeed I can run it, run it (Yeah)

Oh-oh (Uh)
Oh, oh (Woo! Uh-huh)
Oh, woah (Woo!)
Oh-oh (Woo! Chris Brown)
(Ayy! Woo!)
(Woo! Ayy!)
(Woo!)
(Ayy, 

Seems like every time I get the chance
I lose my cool and I blow it
And I get all tongue-tied, lost in your eyes
I'm a fool and I know it

I should've kissed you, I should've told you
Told you just how I feel
And next time I won't stop, I'll listen to my heart
'Cause what I feel is real
I should've kissed you
I should've told you how I feel
I should've kissed you
I should've showed you just how I feel

Now why didn't I give you my two cents?
A million reasons why I should have and it makes no sense
So here I am, by myself again
Stopping for green lights and I know I wanna be more than friends
You might also like
How come every time I get the chance
I lose my cool and I blow it?
And I get all tongue-tied, lost in your eyes
I'm a fool and I know it, hey

I should've kissed you, I should've told you
Told you just how I feel
And next time I won't stop, I'll listen to my heart
'Cause what I feel is real
I should've kissed you
I should've told you how I feel
I should've kissed you
I should've showed you just how I feel

So I turned the car around and you were right where I left you
And your smile said you were feeling it too
And the moon shone bright 'cause when your lips met mine
And yeah, I finally got it right, I'll be leaving with you tonight
And I won't have to say...

I should've kissed you, I should've told you
Told you just how I feel
And next time I won't stop, I'll listen to my heart
'Cause what I feel is real
I should've kissed you, girl
I should've showed you how I feel
I should've kissed you
I should've showed you just how I feel
Girl, I should've kissed you
I should've told you, told you just how I feel
And this time I won't stop until I have your heart
'Cause what I'm feeling is 

Yellow model chick, yellow bottle sippin'
Yellow Lamborghini, yellow top missin'
Yeah, yeah, that shit look like a toupée
I get what you get in ten years in two days
Ladies love me, I'm on my Cool J
If you get what I get, what would you say?
She wax it all off, Mr. Miyagi
And them suicide doors, hari-kari

Look at me now,  look at me now (Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
Fresher than a muh'fucka

Lil' nigga, bigger than gorilla
'Cause I'm killin' every nigga that can try to be on my shit
Better cuff your chick if you with her, I can get her
And she accidentally slip and fall on my dick
Oops, I said "On my dick"
I ain't really mean to say "On my dick"
But since we talkin' about my dick
All of you haters say hi to it
I'm done
You might also like
Ayo, Breezy
Let me show you how to keep the dice rollin'
When you're doin' that thing over there, homie
(Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Let's go
'Cause I'm feelin' like I'm runnin'
And I'm feelin' like I gotta get away, get away, get away
Better know that I don't and I won't ever stop
'Cause you know I gotta win everyday-day (Go)
See, they really really wanna pop me (Blow)
Just know that you will never flop me (Oh)
And I know that I can be a little cocky (No)
You ain't never gonna stop me
Every time I come, a nigga gotta set it
Then I gotta go, and then I gotta get it (Woo)
Then I gotta blow, and then I gotta show that
Any little thing a nigga think that he be doin' (Ooh-ooh)
'Cause it doesn't matter, 'cause I'm gonna da-da-da-da (Damn)
Then I'm gonna murder everything and anything
A ba-da-boom, a ba-da-bing, I gotta do a lotta things
That make it clearer to a couple niggas that I always win
And then I gotta get it again and again and then again
And I be doin' it to death
And now I move a little foul, a nigga better call a ref
And everybody know my style and niggas know that I'm the best
When it come to doin' this and I be bangin' on my chest
And I bang in the East and I'm bangin' in the West
And I come to give you more and I will never give you less
You will hear it in the street or you could read it in the press
Do you really wanna know what's next? (Let's go)
See the way we on and then we all up in the race
And you know we gotta go, don't try to keep up with the pace
And we strugglin' and hustlin' and sendin' in and gettin'
And we always gotta do it, take it to another place
Gotta taste it and I gotta grab it
And I gotta cut all through this traffic
Just to be at the top of the throne
Better know I gotta have it (Have it)
Look at me now, look at me now (Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
Fresher than a muh'fucka

Man, fuck these bitch-ass niggas
How y'all doin'? I'm Lil Tunechi
I'm a nuisance, I go stupid
I go dumb like the Three Stooges
I don't eat sushi, I'm the shit
No, I'm pollution, no substitution
Got a bitch that play in movies
In my jacuzzi, pussy juicy
I never gave a fuck about a hater
Got money on my radar, dressed like a skater
Got a big house, came with an elevator
You niggas ain't eatin', fuck it, tell a waiter
Marley said "shoot 'em," and I said "okay"
If you on that bullshit, then I'm like, "Olé"
I don't care what you say, so don't even speak
Your girlfriend a freak like Cirque Du Soleil
That's word to my flag and my flag red
I'm outta my head, bitch, I'm outta my mind
From the bottom, I climb, you ain't hotter than mine
Nope, not on my time and I'm not even tryin'
What's poppin', slime? Nothin', five
And if they trippin', fuck 'em, five
I ain't got no time to shuck and jive
These niggas as sweet as pumpkin pie
CîROC and Sprite on a private flight
Bitch, I been tight since Guiding Light
And my pockets right, and my diamonds white
And my momma's nice, and my daddy's dead
You faggots scared 'cause I'm too wild
Been here for a while, I was like, "Fuck trial"
I puts it down, I'm so Young Money
If you got eyes, look at me now, bitch
Look at me now, look at me now (Haha, oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Haha, oh), look at me now (Yeah)
I'm fresher than a muh'fucka

Okay
Okay
Is that right?
I'm fresher than a 

Too much light in this window, don't wake me up
Only coffee, no sugar inside my cup
If I wake and you're here still, give me a kiss
I wasn't finished dreamin' about your lips

Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, don't wake me

Don't wake me up, up
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up, yeah
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, don't wake me

So much life in the city, you won't believe
Been awake for some days now, no time to sleep
If your heart is a pillow, this love's the bed
Tell me what is the music inside my head
You might also like
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, don't wake me

Don't wake me up, up, up
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up, yeah
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, don't wake me

I don't wanna fall, fall, fall, fall asleep, no
I don't wanna fall unless I'm fallin' for you
I don't wanna fall, fall, fall, fall asleep, no
I don't wanna fall unless I'm fallin' for you

Don't wake me up, up, up
Don't wake me up
Don't wake me up, yeah
Don't wake me up, up, up, up, up, up
Don't wake me up, don't wake 

Baby, tonight it, it's gonna get nasty
I want you at the tip of my tongue, all down your body, no, woah
My face is your pony, ooh, and I want you to ride it
So I can drink your rivers down, you quench my thirst, babe
No, ooh, woah-oh

I'm takin' your lace panties off you, grippin' your thighs, oh, no
It's gon' be the greatest sex you ever had in your life

Tell me, who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody, baby
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy, baby? Nobody
Oh-oh-oh, nobody, yeah
Say oh, ooh-woah
You make me say oh, ooh-woah
You might also like
Climb up on my mountain, ooh, until I reach your valley
Damn, your walls, they fit like a glove, 'til you rain on me (Huh), yeah
Sendin' us in slow grind, feels so good, I make her wanna cry
I'ma grab your waist and pick that ass up and make you lose control now

I'm takin' your lace panties off you, grippin' your thighs, oh, no
It's gon' be the greatest sex you ever had in your life

Tell me, who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody, baby (Yeah)
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy, baby? Nobody
Oh-oh-oh, nobody, yeah
Say oh, ooh-woah (Yeah, baby)
You make me say oh, ooh-woah (Yeah)

I'm the type of nigga fuck up your life once I get in the pussy (Yeah)
'Cause I hang with them killers that really be shootin' (Yeah)
You don't answer my call, I'ma hop out them bushes
And I creep to your window like, "Fuck is you doin'?"
I'm feelin' like a stalker
Girl, you know I'm crazy, that pussy amazin' (Yeah)
I dive in your waters (Ooh!)
Let me keep you 'til the mornin' (Ooh)
I say you'll be poppin' your pussy, you tell me you innocent
I know when I see friends with benefits
You know my Cartier frames got limo tints
But I can see through the attitude and silly shit (Ooh!)
Girl, no, don't do that no more (That no more, woo!)
Took her out the car, right on the hood (Ooh!)
We was fuckin' like animals, yeah (Yeah!)
Tell me, who gon' love you like me? Nobody
Who gon' touch you like me? Nobody, baby
Who's gonna fuck you like Breezy, baby? Nobody
Oh-oh-oh, nobody, yeah
Say oh, ooh-woah
You make me say oh, 

We poppin' like ayo
All my bitches got real hair chillin' with the top down
Screamin' like ayo
I'ma take her ass down if she bring her friend around
Fuck 'em both like ayo
I'm a bougie ass nigga, left the roof at home
We poppin' like ayo
Ayo, ayo
But don't be actin' like I need you

Ha!
Ayy, babe, this my new shit (Shit)
I'm the black Richie Rich with the roof missin' (Missin')
If it don't make dollars, don't make sense (Sense)
Z (Z), wake up like I gotta get it (Get it)
And I got an engine full of trunk space
I get money three ways, fuckin' bitches three ways
Seven different foreigns, plus she's no hablé
But I make that bitch walk for some cheesecake (Cheesecake)
Yeah, I'm the coldest nigga, icy
Lookin' in the mirror like I wish I can be me
She too into me, I'm more into money
My hobby's her body, that pussy's my lobby
I'ma eat it (Eat it), I'ma eat it (Eat it)
I don't lie, hold my dick, too conceited
Uh, told her she my wife for the weekend (For the weekend)
But don't be actin' like I need you
You might also like
'Cause we poppin' like ayo (Ha! Yeah)
All my bitches got real hair chillin' with the top down
Screamin' like ayo
I'ma take her ass down if she bring her friend around
Fuck 'em both like ayo
I'm a bougie ass nigga, left the roof at home
We poppin' like ayo
Ayo, we poppin' like ayo
But don't be actin' like I need you

I'm in the Rolls, you don't roll right (Roll right)
My chain shine brighter than a strobe light (Yeah)
I'm tryna fuck Coco, this don't concern Ice
If I motorboat, she gon' motorbike (Ha!)
A nigga ain't worried about nothin'
Rehabilitation just had me worried about fuckin'
Money, decision-makin', only worried 'bout stuntin'
She worried 'bout me, her nigga worried 'bout cuffin'
I wanna see her body (Body)
Then she said, "Get inside of me
I wanna feel you, baby" (Yeah)
Just bring the animal right out of me
We lovin', she love it
Especially when I go down on her
Now we fuckin', she thuggin'
Gettin' loud
'Cause we poppin' like ayo
All my bitches got real hair chillin' with the top down
Screamin' like ayo
I'ma take her ass down if she bring her friend around
Fuck 'em both like ayo
I'm a bougie ass nigga, left the roof at home
We poppin' like ayo
Ayo (Huh, look), we poppin' like ayo
But don't be actin' like I need you (Alright)

Now, now I can spot your bitch from a mile away ('Way)
Valentine in that pussy, it's a holiday
Uh, you losin' money, I win mills, Dr. J (J)
She gon' to follow my lead, Simon Says
Paper, paper, I'm ridin' 'scrapers in California ('Fornia)
Car smell like ammonia, we got that stank on us
Never been a Outkast, that stank on ya
From the ghetto but my bitch like Apollonia
We in the hood, tatted like a Mexican
Car too fast, give a fuck about pedestrians
Uh, and my section less niggas, more lesbians
Got your bitch, I'm that nigga

Yeah, we poppin' like ayo (Ha! Yeah)
All my bitches got real hair chillin' with the top down (Yeah)
Screamin' like ayo
I'ma take her ass down if she bring her friend around
Fuck 'em both like ayo
I'm a bougie ass nigga, left the roof at home
We poppin' like ayo
Ayo, ayo
But don't be actin' like I need you
Yeah, this that fly shit (I need you)
King shit only
Drop top, no roof, ha!
(I need 

Oh, baby, let's get naked, just so we can make sweet love
All these sensations got me goin' crazy for you
Inside on top of you, grindin' inside and out of you
Baby, I know what to do, baby, I know what to do
So come on, baby girl, let's just take our clothes off
Just so we can make sweet love

Girl, I want to know your body
T-T-T-T-Tonight is the night
T-T-T-T-That I change your life, oh-woah
Just let me control your body
G-Girl, you shy you wanna slow it down? (Down)
And you start screamin' when I go downtown (Ow!)
Oh-oh, baby, tell my why you're so excited (Oh)
You know I love it when you take it off (Baby, take it off)
So baby, go ahead and take it off tonight (Yeah)
You might also like
Oh, baby, let's get naked (Yeah), just so we can make sweet love
All these sensations got me goin' crazy for you
Inside on top of you, grindin' inside and out of you
Baby, I know what to do (Yeah), baby, I know what to do
So come on, baby girl, let's just take our clothes off
Just so we can make sweet love

And I'm makin' sweet love to you, baby
Go 'head and take it off, let's get naked
'Cause you I know love to turn you on
Girl, let's do it to your favorite song, yeah
With the candles lit and the lights low (L-L-Low)
Baby girl, I want for you to roll (R-R-Roll)
Just roll your hips
And just grind on me, grind on me, grind on me, baby
And baby, don't get it confused
I'll do everythin' you want me to
Just as long as you get crazy
And just as soon as you get naked, makin' love

Oh, baby, let's get naked (Yeah), just so we can make sweet love (Woah)
All these sensations (Ooh) got me goin' crazy for you
Inside on top of you, grindin' inside and out of you
Baby, I know what to do, baby, I know what to do
(And girl, I know what to do)
So come on, baby girl, let's just take our clothes off (Oh)
Just so we can make sweet love
Make sweet love
(Freak me, baby)
(Oh, baby, let's get naked)
Sweet love (Freak me, baby)
(Just so we can make sweet love)
Sweet love (Freak me, baby)
(All these sensations)
Oh-oh (Freak me, baby)
(Got me goin' crazy for you)
(Baby, I know what to 

Woah-woah, spendin' a lot tonight
Hopin' you stay tonight, endin' the party right
Woah-woah, take everythin' off your mind
We can just take our time, whatever you want, want
I-I got a lot of money but that don't mean shit 'cause I need you, honey
Baby, I gotta have you, girl
Lemme get it, when I get it, if I get it, I'ma kill it
Baby, when you get it we be rollin' on the floor like
Baby, you so gifted when you kissin' on my lips
Then we be switchin' up positions, you ain't ever gotta slow down
I can be the, be the lover, lover of ya life
I just wanna be under the covers for the night
Back, back, back up, take a look around
Put your hands in the air like the ceiling's fallin' down
You might also like
Take a chance with me
Girl, you know that I won't do you no harm
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, heart
Girl, you know we're meant to be, yeah
All this magic, we should wish on a star
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, heart

I'm a bad man, what I am, what I am, what I am, what I am
They be sayin' that
I'm a bad man and I can't and I can't and I can't
Just 'cause I'm a-I'm a-I'm a
I'm a bad man (I'm a bad man)
Girl, I am, bye
I'm a bad man, oh

Woah-woah, spendin' a lot tonight
Hopin' you stay tonight, endin' the party right
Woah-woah, take everythin' off your mind
We can just take our time, whatever you want, want
I-I got a lot of money but that don't mean shit 'cause I need you, honey
Baby, I need your love
Lemme get it, when I get it, if I get it, I'ma kill it (Oh!)
Baby, when you get it we be rollin' on the floor like
Baby, you so gifted when you kissin' on my lips (Oh!)
Then we be switchin' up positions, you ain't ever gotta slow down
I can be the, be the lover, lover of ya life (Get it)
I just wanna be under the covers for the night (Get it)
Back, back, back up, take a look around
Put your hands in the air like the ceiling's fallin' down (Oh!)
Take a chance with me
Girl, you know that I won't do you no harm
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, heart
Girl, you know we're meant to be, yeah
All this magic, we should wish on a star
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, heart

I feel like holdin' you, holdin' you (Ah!)
And I'ma do some things that you never seen before, girl (Oh!)
'Cause I feel like lovin' you, lovin' you (A-A-Ah!)
I'm all you need, girl
So give it all to me, give it, give it, all to me
Give it, give it, give it all to me, yeah-yeah
So give it all to me, give it, give it, all to me
Give it, give it, give it 'cause I'm a bad, I'm a bad, bad man (Ain't I?)

Lemme get it, when I get it, if I get it, I'ma kill it (Oh!)
Baby, when you get it we be rollin' on the floor like (Oh!)
Baby, you so gifted when you kissin' on my lips (Oh!)
Then we be switchin' up positions, you ain't ever gotta slow down (Oh!)
I can be the, be the lover, lover of ya life (Oh!)
I just wanna be under the covers for the night (Oh!)
Back, back, back up, take a look around
Put your hands in the air like the ceiling's fallin' down (Oh!)
Take a chance with me
Girl, you know that I won't do you no harm
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, heart
Girl, you know we're meant to be, yeah
All this magic, we should wish on a star
Oh, my love
You got my heart, heart, 

You say all you need is consistent love
When I try, I swear it's never enough, I messed up
Maybe this thing here just ain't meant for us
Baby, you let go and I pull you back
I let go, you ain't havin' that

We do it like rock stars (Oh)
Sexin' in my hotel room and we so loud
Higher than a smoke cloud (Oh)
Shades on, doin' ninety-five with the top down
I might sound crazy (Oh)
'Cause we be goin' back and forth
One minute I hate you, then I love you
That's how it is

'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more
('Til we get it)
I'ma get it (I'ma get it)
'Til we get it ('Til we get it)
'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more
(I'ma get it)
I'ma get it ('Til we get it)
'Til we get it (I'ma get it)
(Turn up)
You might also like
Why is it all so complicated?
Baby, this should be simple, it's turnin' me mental
But when you back it up, it really drives me crazy
And you know what I'm into
Make me forget what we arguin' about, ayy

We do it like rock stars (Oh)
Sexin' in my hotel room and we so loud
Higher than a smoke cloud (Oh)
Shades on, doin' ninety-five with the top down
I might sound crazy (Oh)
'Cause we be goin' back and forth
One minute I hate you, then I love you
That's how it is

'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more (Oh, no)
('Til we get it)
I'ma get it (I'ma get it, ayy)
'Til we get it ('Til we get it), we get it right
'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more (More)
(I'ma get it)
I'ma get it ('Til we get it, yeah)
'Til we get it (I'ma get it)
(Yo, turn up)
He don't know me but he settin' up to blow me, uh
Said my Twitter picture 'mind him of Naomi, uh
On the low, I used to holler at his homie, uh
Fuck it, now I'm 'bout to ride him like a pony, yeah
Okay, thug prolly, yo, come polly
He wanna fuck a bad Dolly and pop molly
I hope your pockets got a motherfuckin' pot belly
Or is it that you never ball? John Salley
He had the Rolls in the Royce, the tone in his voice
Don't want a good girl, nah, hoes is his choice
D-D-Dick on H, p-p-p-pussy on W
Mouth on open, a-a-ass on smother you
A-A-Ass on the cover too, Elle Magazine
Vroom, vroom, vroom, get gasoline
Could I be your wife? Naw, we could bang though
I got these niggas whipped, call me Django (If we)

'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more (Oh-oh)
('Til we get it)
I'ma get it (I'ma get it, I'ma get it)
'Til we get it ('Til we get it)
'Til we get it right, we gon' fuck some more (Right, we gon' love some more, some more)
(I'ma get it)
I'ma get it ('Til we get it, yeah)
'Til we get it (I'ma get 

I just wanna take my time
As stingy as you are, think you're ready?
Girl, I wanna do you right
I just wanna give you what you need
Baby girl, take my time
Oh, oh, just do me
Do you right

Girl, when you step all wet from out the shower, baby
I want you to lay down, just stay naked
Now I'm staring for an hour, babe, oh
I got your back up against the wall
I got strength, won't let you fall
When I make you bloom like a flower, babe, babe

I just wanna take my time
As stingy as you are, think you're ready?
Girl, I wanna do you right
I just wanna give you what you need
Baby girl, take my time
Oh, oh, just do me
Do you right
You might also like
It ain't your fault you ran out of power, babe
'Cause I've been kissing and licking on you everywhere (You wanna, babe)
Oh, I wanna hear you scream my name and, girl, you know the way
Baby, it's cool I'll wait, for you, baby, oh

I just wanna take my time
(Said I wanna take, oh, oh, my)
As stingy as you are, think you're ready?
Girl, I wanna do you right
(Do you right, oh, oh)
I just wanna give you what you need
Baby girl, take my time
Oh, oh (Oh, oh), just do me (Ooh)
Do you right
(Do you, do you right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Yeah, ooh
Tell me you like it, baby
Baby, wait, I like it, baby
Oh, I like it
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, right there, oh, oh, yeah
Oh, oh, wait a minute, baby
Wait a minute, oh
I just wanna take my time (Take my time)
(Said I wanna take, oh-oh)
As stingy as you are, think you're ready? (Yeah)
Girl, I wanna do you right
(Said I wanna do, I wanna do, woah-oh)
I just wanna give you what you need (You need)
Baby girl, take my time (Yeah)
(If you let me take my time)
Oh, oh, just do me
(Promise I'll be good to you, oh)
Do you right
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh-woah)
I just wanna take my time
As stingy as you are, think you're ready?
(If you let me, promise I'll be good, ha)
Girl, I wanna do you right (You, you, you, you)
I just wanna give you what you need
(I'ma give you what you need)
Baby girl, take my time (Need)
Oh, oh, just do me
(Gonna take it, ooh)
Do you right (Do you right)
(I'ma do you right, oh)
(I'ma do you right, yeah, yeah, yeah, 

From the moment you was dancin' in the party, pushin' all on me
Givin' everything, you're givin' everything tonight (Ayy)
And if you thought you could get away from me
And get away from me
Girl, just take your time (Time, time)
You're comin' home with me tonight (Wow)

Girl, I got a question for ya
Can I get an answer?
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah
Girl, I got a question for ya
Can I get an answer?
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah

She only love me 'cause I'm dangerous (Ooh, yeah)
That pum-pum somethin' like angel dust (Some)
Girl, let me hold ya (Oh)
Put mi ting all around ya (Ooh)
Make me feel like I own ya (Ooh)
Kill the pum like a warrior (Oh), hit the pum like
You might also like
Girl, I got a question for ya (Oh, I got)
Can I get an answer? (An answer)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Girl, I got)
Girl, I got a question for ya
Can I get an answer?
Yeah, yeah (Hey, oh-woah)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah

Let me hold you
Come caress my body
You got me goin' crazy
You turn me on, turn me on
Baby, let me love you
Put your arms around me
You got me goin' crazy
Turn me on, turn me on, yeah

Girl, I got a question for ya (For you)
Can I get an answer? (Yeah-yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah-yeah, hey)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah-yeah, hey)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah-yeah, hey)
Yeah, yeah
Girl, I got a question for ya (For you)
Can I get an answer?
Yeah, yeah (Hey, woo)
Yeah, yeah (Hey, yee-hee)
Yeah, yeah (Hey)
Yeah, yeah (

Girl, don't feel outta place 'cause I
I'm in love with this feeling now
And I, I, I hope that this will last a while
We should make it last a while

You love to drink? (Yeah), so do we (Yeah)
Get more bottles (Yeah), bring 'em to me (Yeah)
Hold your glasses up, people everywhere
Now everybody put your hands in the air

Say yeah, yeah, yeah
Girl, I wanna, yeah, yeah, yeah
I wanna see you tonight
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Girl, I gotta, yeah, yeah, yeah
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta see you tonight
You might also like
Oh-oh-oh, oh-woah-oh-oh (Hands)
Oh-oh-oh, let me see your hands
Oh-oh-oh, oh-woah-oh-oh (Hands)
Oh-oh-oh, tonight is the night

Lost in the moment, can't believe
You're so beautiful, feels like I'm in a dream
Baby, we're going somewhere you never been before
So take my hand and come with me

Girl, don't feel outta place 'cause I
I'm in love with this feeling now
And I, I, I hope that this will last a while
We should make it last a while

You love to drink? (Yeah, drink), so do we (Yeah)
Get more bottles (Yeah), bring 'em to me (Yeah, bring 'em to me)
Hold your glasses up (Yeah), people everywhere
Now everybody put your hands in the air

Say yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Girl, I wanna, yeah, yeah, yeah
I wanna see you tonight (Oh, ooh yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Girl, I gotta, yeah, yeah, yeah
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta see you tonight
Oh-oh-oh, oh-woah-oh-oh (Hands, yeah)
Oh-oh-oh, let me see your hands
Oh-oh-oh, oh-woah-oh-oh (Hands)
Oh-oh-oh (Tonight), tonight is the night

All the pretty young things in the party, let me see your hands up
And if they mad and they don't wanna party, tell 'em shut the fuck up
So DJ, turn it loud and watch me turn it up
Don't worry 'bout it, we here to party so jump, jump, jump, jump

Girl, I wanna
I wanna see you tonight
Yeah, yeah
Girl, I gotta
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta see you tonight

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I wanna see you tonight
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, tonight is the night

Tonight is the night
Tonight is the 

It's you and me, moving at the speed of light into eternity, yeah
Tonight is the night to join me in the middle of ecstasy
Feel the melody and the rhythm of the music
Around you, around you (Oh-oh)
I'ma take you there, I'ma take you there (Oh)
So don't be scared, I'm right here, baby
We can go anywhere, go anywhere (Yeah)
But first, it's your chance, take my hand, come with me

It's like I've waited my whole life (Oh) for this one night (Oh)
It's gon' be me, you and the dance floor
'Cause we only got one night (Oh, oh)
Double your pleasure, double your fun
And dance fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Fore-e-ever, forever
Fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Forever on the dance floor

Feels like we're on another level, oh
Feels like our love's intertwined
We can be two rebels
Breaking the rules, me and you, you and I
All you gotta do is watch me (Watch me)
Look what I can do with my feet (My feet)
Baby, feel the beat inside
I'm driving, you can take the front seat (Front seat)
I just need you to trust me (Trust me)
Oh (Girl), oh (Girl), oh (Girl)
It's like I've—
You might also like
It's like I've waited my whole life (Oh) for this one night (One night, oh)
It's gon' be me, you and the dance floor (Dance floor)
'Cause we only got one night (Oh, oh, one night)
Double your pleasure, double your fun (Yeah)
And dance fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Fore-e-ever, forever
Fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Forever on the dance floor

It's a long way down, we so high off the ground
Sending for an angel to bring me your heart
Girl, where did you come from? Got me so undone
Gaze in your eyes, got me saying, "What a beautiful lady"
No ifs, ands or maybes
I'm releasing my heart and it's feeling amazing
There's no one else that matters, you love me
And I won't let you fall, girl (Fall, girl), let you fall, girl, oh
Oh, oh, yeah, yeah
I won't let you fall, let you fall, let you fall, oh, oh-oh
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

It's like—
It's like I've waited my whole life (Oh, whole life) for this one night (One night, oh)
It's gon' be me, you and the dance floor (Me, you and the dance floor)
'Cause we only got one night (Oh, oh)
Double your pleasure, double your fun
And dance fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Fore-e-ever, forever
Fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever, fore-e-ever
Forever on the dance floor
Oh, oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh, yeah
Forever, ever, ever, ever
Forever, ever, 

I wasn't born last night
I know these hoes ain't right
But you was blowin' up her phone last night
But she ain't have her ringer nor her ring on last night, ooh
Nigga, that's that nerve
Why give a bitch your heart when she'd rather have a purse?
Why give a bitch an inch when she'd rather have nine?
You know how the game goes, she be mine by halftime
I'm the shit, ooh
Nigga, that's that nerve
You all about her, and she all about hers
Birdman Junior in this bitch, no flamingos
And I done did everythin' but trust these hoes (Let me see)
CB, fuck with me

When a rich nigga want you
And your nigga can't do nothin' for ya
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah-yeah, let me see
You might also like
Just got rich
Took a broke nigga bitch
I can make a broke bitch rich
But I don't fuck with broke bitches

Got a white girl with some fake titties
I took her to the Bay with me
Eyes closed, smokin' marijuana
Rollin' up that Bob Marley, I'm a rasta
She wanna do drugs (Drugs)
Smoke weed, get drunk (Wasted)
She wanna see a nigga trap
She wanna fuck all the rappers (Let me see)

(Uh-huh)
When a rich nigga want you (Want you, baby)
And your nigga can't do nothin' for ya (Nothin', no)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (No, they ain't)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah-yeah, let me see

Black girl with a big booty
If she a bad bitch, let's get to it (Right away)
We up in this club
Bring me the bottles
I know, girl, that you came in this bitch with your man
That's a no-no, girl
All this money in the air
I wanna see you dance
Just got rich (Got rich)
Took a broke nigga bitch (Yeah)
I can make a broke bitch rich
But I don't fuck with broke bitches (Girl, it's you)

(Uh-huh)
When a rich nigga want you (Yeah-yeah, want you, baby)
And your nigga can't do nothin' for ya (No, nothin', no-woah)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (Oh-oh-oh-oh-no)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah, let me see

(Ha) Rich young nigga
Name got bigger and my change got bigger, so my chains got bigger
Ferrari, Jaguar, switchin' four lanes
With the top down screamin' out, "Money ain't a thing" (Ha)
Ha, me and CB in the Bay with her (Bay with her)
I sent her back home so you can lay with her
Okay, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin'
All these karats like I'm a fuckin' vegetarian
Shout-out Weezy F., keep a redbone wet
Rose Rolex, hoes on deck, she know I got a check
Do it too good when she ride that dick (Woo)
Man, I wouldn't trust that bitch, no (Haha)
Come on, come on, girl, why you frontin'?
Baby, show me somethin'
When I call her, she gon' leave
And I bet that bottom dollar she gon' cheat
Come on, come on, girl, why you frontin'?
Baby, show me somethin'
You done spent your bread on her
And it's all for nothin' (Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, let me see)

(Uh-huh)
When a rich nigga want you (Want you, baby, yeah, woo)
And your nigga can't do nothin' for ya (Can't do nothin' for you)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (Oh, no)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal
Yeah-yeah, let me see (Woo)
(Uh-huh)
When a rich nigga want you (Want you, baby, yeah)
And your nigga can't do nothin' for ya (Oh-woah-oh)
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal (They be playin' games, yeah)
Woah, these hoes ain't loyal (Oh-oh)
Yeah-yeah, let me see

Yeah, let me see
Yeah-ah, let me see
Let me see
Oh, these hoes ain't loyal
Let me 

Woah, here we are, all alone in this room, oh
And girl, I know where to start and what we gonna do, yeah
I'll take my time, we'll be all night, girl
So get ready, babe, I got plans for me and you
Woah, woah, ooh

It ain't my first time, but baby girl, we can pretend (Hey!)
Let's bump and grind, and girl, tonight will never end

Let me take you down
I really wanna take you down and show you what I'm about
Can I take you down?
Your body, body, oh, oh, your body, body up and down
So don't stop, girl, get it
Quit playing with it, can't wait no more
I wanna take you down
I really wanna take you down, take you down, yeah
You might also like
Pretty girl, let's take it off in this room
No time to waste, girl, you know what we came to do, woah-woah-woah
We got all night to try to get it right, girl
I hope you're ready, hope you're ready, hope you're ready
I hope you're ready, babe, 'cause here we go, you know how we do, oh

It ain't my first time (No), but baby girl, we can pretend (Hey!)
Let's bump and grind (Come on), and girl, tonight will never end (Ha)

Let me take you down
I really wanna take you down and show you what I'm about (I'm about)
Can I take you down? (Oh yeah)
Your body, body, oh, oh, your body, body up and down
So don't stop, girl, get it
Quit playing with it, can't wait no more (I can't wait no more)
I wanna take you down
I really wanna take you down, I really wanna take you down, yeah

(I want you, ah-ah-ah)
Freakin', oh, baby, like a pro, baby
And I bet that you
(I bet you, woah-woah, ah-ah-ah)
Think ya know, baby, like you're grown, baby
So what you wanna do?
I'm gonna take you down, baby, nice and slow
So bring it, let's go, baby
(Woah-woah-woah, huh)
Yeah, yeah, baby (Woah)
Come on, baby, come on, baby
Come on, baby, let me take you down
Let me take you down (Oh)
I really wanna take you down and show you what I'm about
(Let me show you, let me do it to you like I wanna do)
Can I take you down? (Woah)
Your body, body, oh, oh, your body, body up and down (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Your body up, your body, body, body up)
So don't stop, girl, get it (Oh)
Quit playing with it (Oh), can't wait no more (I can't wait no more)
I wanna take you down
I really wanna take you down, take you down, yeah

Take you down (Ha, woah)
I said I wanna take you down, yeah, yeah
Let me take you down, take you down
Take you down
All the way down, all the way down (Woah)
We can do some things, going all the way down
Take you down
Take you down (Ha, 

If you sexy and you know it, put your hands up in the air
Put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up
(Hands up, hands up, hands up)
If you sexy and you know it, put your hands up in the air
Put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up

And turn up the music, just turn it up louder
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah
Turn up the music, just turn it up louder
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah

Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Hey!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Turn up the music
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Hey!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Turn up the music (Hey!)
T-T-Turn up, don't stop the music (Hey!)
T-Turn up the—
You might also like
Turn up the music 'cause the sun just came up
Turn up the music if they try to turn us down
Turn up the music 'cause I'm tryna hear the speakers blow
Turn up the music, fill your cup and drink it down

If you sexy and you know it, put your hands up in the air (Hey, oh)
Put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up
(Hands up, hands up, hands up)
If you sexy and you know it, put your hands up in the air (Up in the air)
Put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up

And turn up the music, just turn it up louder
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah (I need it)
Turn up the music, just turn it up louder
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah (Yeah)

Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Oh!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Yeah!)
Turn up the music
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Oh!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Save my life, just dance with me (Oh!)
All I wanna do is party, so DJ, turn it up (Yeah!)
Girl, dance with me, just dance with me (Yeah!)
Girl, can I see that? (Oh!)
I really wanna touch that (Yeah!)
Baby, can I beat that?
T-T-Turn up, don't stop the—
Turn it up, just dance with me
Turn it up, just dance with me
Turn it up, just dance with me (Dance)
Turn it up, just dance with me
Turn it up, just dance with me (Yeah)
Turn it up, just dance with me (Turn it up)
Turn it up, just dance with me
Turn it up

And turn up the music, just turn it up louder (Yeah, yeah)
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah (Woo)
Turn up the music, just turn it up louder (You better)
Turn up the music, I need it in my life, yeah (Leggo!)

Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Oh!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Can you turn it up, baby? (Yeah!)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Yeah! Oh-woah)
Woah-oh, woah-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Can you turn it up, baby?
Turn it up, just dance with me (Hahaha)
Turn it up, just dance with me (Girl)
Turn it up, just dance with me (Hahaha)
Turn it up, just dance with me (Don't stop the music)
Turn it up, just dance with me (Hahaha)
Turn it up, just dance with me
Turn it up, just dance with me
T-T-Turn it up
Don't stop the 

Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, oh-oh, baby

(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
I'm just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
Oh-oh, baby

Bitch, you out of line, why you waste my time?
I'm tryna smoke, tryna get high, see it in my eye
I know she playin' both sides, that bitch tellin' lies
But my dick give her a high, she down for the ride
Them hatin' bitches kill the vibe, fuck it, live your life
Bad bitches in Hawaii, umbrella with ice
Ten bad bitches on my side, make 'em all my wife
Smokin' on the finest ganja, she like China white
Poppin' all these pills, she say she used to it
She wanna go way up, okay, baby, if you're used to it
And I know that you a grown woman
And I know that you know what you're doin'
You might also like
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet (Yeah, I-I-I, I am)
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, oh-oh, baby

I'm a king, baby
You from the hood, but you a queen, baby
Ass fat, it can't even fit in them jeans, baby
Matchin' Wraith with the stars, baby
I'm a street nigga, I'm supposed to really be behind bars, baby
Really wanna be faithful but this shit hard, baby
Yeah, I got the pussy first and then I ignored you (Ignored you)
You fuck another nigga, you ain't loyal (Loyal)
I told you bring a friend, this shit gettin' borin' (Borin')
She asked me what we are, we just cordial
I'm a gangsta, I can make her wet-wet, turn her to a pool (Splash)
She help me count the money in the trap, then she go back to school (School, school, school)
If a nigga ever play with bae, shit, it's breakin' news (Pow)
She got fifty pointers on her neck, Pateks, that's matchin' jewels

Wet, wet, wet, wet (Yeah)
Wet, wet, wet, wet (Ayy, yeah, yeah, wet)
Wet, wet, wet, wet (Yeah, wet, wet)
Wet, wet, oh-oh, baby (Wet, wet-wet-wet, wet, wet, wet)
I just wanna show you off, I don't wanna do you wrong
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the flyest of 'em all?
I get money when I want, I can fuck her if I want
Baby, you can take it off, I'm that nigga with the sauce (Ayy, yeah)
Whole lot of Saint Laurent, can't remember what it cost (Ayy, yeah)
Bitch, I'm feelin' like a boss, spit on it and lick it off (Ayy, yeah)
You know we can run it up, tell me what you really want
Now I know I can break you off, come and let me break you off
If you ever wanna fuck, can I be the one you call?
If you wanna be a star, I can tell you what it cost
I was gonna put you on, I was gonna put you on
I was gonna change your life, girl, but I don't wanna break your heart

Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, oh-oh, baby

(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
I'm just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
Oh-oh, baby
I can change your whole sauce, you a lil' mo' spicy (Yeah)
Now you dealin' with a boss, I might treat you rightly (Nah)
No more Macy jewelry, baby, now you drippin' icy (Ayy)
You keep hangin' 'round me, baby, you'll start talkin' like me
Got my own lingo, I could change your whole lil' ego
I be swimmin' in the money, baby, whish torpedo
I ain't like these rapper niggas, they is not my stylo (Uh)
I'ma call you back, I'm with my niggas shootin' cee-lo
I might change my old ways for you, baby
I can change your whole wave, now you wavy
Now you glamorous​​, I'm out your element
I'm too reckless for you, girl, it's evident

Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, wet, wet
Wet, wet, oh-oh, baby

(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
I'm just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe, ooh)
Just tryna change your life
(Let me, babe)
Oh-oh, 
1 ContributorIm Up LyricsI'm coming on Jesso, then pausing the pants
Just bought me a Glocky, I'm poppin' your man
I don't want your noggin', I just want my ends
Bitch, tryna get me some money for finding some friends
Just bought me a brand new F&N
But it only hold 10, when I draw a minute, it look like the end
The Henny yo life, the woods stuck in my hand
I feel like I'm crazy, cause you got the penny
I already looking for something to spend on tonight
Fuck her and her friend, one of them skinny, one of them got cellulite
Put the shit out them bitches, you turn on the light
Thеy gon' pay me, right?
I told her hell no, I do not pay to play
Bitch, I'm a boss, I wеnt up in law
She give me that money or I knock her head off
I'm really a ho, my nigga, I swear to God
I want it all, I'm really Chris Brown
I'ma fuckin' these bitches, wall to wall
I smoke off the pound, I'm smokin' my opps
They stand in my walls, I pull up to blocks
Lookin' for smoke, a nigga got balls
All he's seen was muzzle flash, menopause
I might let my dog take a bath with the fentanyl
These niggas wanna get rid of me, they do not know I'm the remedy
I do not fuck with their energy
I just might pop up their memory
Bitch, I'm a god, I'm an entity
You motherfuckers don't equal me
You could kill me right now, I still live for eternity
This is after my surgery
Just after two days of serving me
You think leaving me hurting me
Bitch, that's way better than burglary
Finding another one certainly
If not, that's more I could spend on me
Pull a slide like a penalty
Left his ass dead at the first of three
Versus trap me, bullet in your body, slow like ketamine
Four flows and one soul, they can't fuck with me
Four poses and one whip, this shit's slavery
Three demons on one soul, ain't no saving me
YeahYou might also 

Pull up on your bitch, tell your man I'm sorry (Woah, yeah)
Hunnid on my wrist, jumpin' out the 'Rari (Watch it)
Ooh, she hit the splits, she know how to party (Watch it)
When I'm with my clique, we know how to party (Ha, yeah, watch it)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (We know, we know)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (We know how, yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Oh, let's go)

Bitches dancin' naked in my livin' room (Yeah, ooh)
She straight out of college, just turned twenty-two (Two)
Girl, get your money up, I ain't even mad at you (Skrrt)
Got you all on me, makin' these niggas catchin' attitudes (Woo!)
Tell 'em don't start it, my niggas retarded
Fuck the judge and the sentence (Yeah), huh, I got a good lawyer (Haha)
I got a few girls on the way, baby girl, you ain't leavin'
It's my birthday with the cake, fuck it up and let me eat it (Ow! Haha)
You might also like
Pull up on your bitch, tell your man I'm sorry (Aw, yeah)
Hunnid on my wrist, jumpin' out the 'Rari (Jumpin' out the 'Rari, yeah)
Ooh, she hit the splits, she know how to party (Oh)
When I'm with my clique, we know how to party (Ooh)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, we know how to party)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (We know, we know, we know)

Yeah, I just got the ring, I think I deserve a toast (Yeah-yeah)
Shout out to my team, w-w-we be out there doin' the most (Yeah, the most)
Girl, come to my place (Place), but don't bring no clothes (Clothes, naked)
Let's get dirty, babe, baby, drop it low (Yeah-yeah)
Pop rubber bands all on that ass, baby been eatin' her Wheaties (Yeah)
All on her back (Huh), dishin' the cash, hit me if you need it (Yeah, yeah)
I got a few girls on the way, baby girl, you ain't leavin' (Yeah)
It's my birthday with the cake, lick it all, let me eat it

Pull up on your bitch, tell your man I'm sorry (Yeah, sorry)
Hunnid on my wrist, jumpin' out the 'Rari (Jump, jump, jump, jump)
Ooh, she hit the splits, she know how to party (Yeah, we know)
When I'm with my clique, we know how to party (Yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah, we know)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo!)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's Gucci)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's party, party, party like a nigga just got out of jail (Huh)
Flyin' in my 'Rari like a bat that just flew outta hell (Yeah)
I'm from the east of ATL, but ballin' in the Cali hills (Go)
Lil' mama booty boomin', that bitch movin' and she standin' still (Damn)
I know these bitches choosin' me, but I got eighty on me still (Woo)
I'm tryna fuck, who tryna chill? 'Cause I'm just tryna pay some bills (Burr)
I'm multi-millionaire LaFlare, this watch here cost a quarter M (Baow)
Just look at me and look at them, I smashed her on my first attempt
Like Scarface, bitch, the world is mine, you should read the blimp (Wow)
So either you gon' take a ride, or you gon' stay with him
'Cause I got places I can be, I get yo' ass on the seat
Gucci, CB, VIP, so fuck them niggas, look at me (Wop)

Pull up on your bitch, tell your man I'm sorry (Sorry)
Hunnid on my wrist, jumpin' out the 'Rari (Jump, jump, jump, jump)
Ooh, she hit the splits, she know how to party (She, yeah)
When I'm with my clique, we know how to party (Woah, woah, woah, woah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
How to party, yeah, we know how to party (Yeah, yeah, 