


Okay, we got traffic on the west side
Get off at Seventy-Ninth and take the left side
Of Riverside Drive and you might slide
West End’s ya best friend if you catch the lights
And don’t take the Deegan
Manny Ramirez is in town this weekend
Sorry, Dominicans, take Route Eighty-Seven
You ain’t gettin' back in again
(spoken)
Hold up a minute!

Benny, hey
See Mandy Gonzalez LiveGet tickets as low as $91You might also like
Nina, you’re home today!

Any sign—

Of your folks? They’re on their way

Anyway—

It’s good to see your face

Anytime—

Hold up a minute, wait!
You used to run this dispatch, right?

Once or twice

Well check the technique, yo!
There’s a traffic accident I have to mention at the intersection
Of Tenth Ave and the Jacob Javits Convention Center
And check it, don’t get stuck in the rubber-neckin’
On a Hundred Ninety-Second
There’s a double-decker bus wreck
Now listen up, we got a special guest! (Benny)
Live and direct from a year out west (Benny)
Welcome her back, 'cause she looks mad stressed
Nina Rosario, the barrio’s best!


Woo!
Honk your horns
She’s smiling
Say hello!

Hello (Woo, woo)
Good morning!
I better find my folks
Thanks for the welcome wagon

Anytime, anytime, Nina
Wait here with me
It’s gettin' hot outside, turn up the A.C.
Stay here with 

Who needs a new song? This old one's all we need

This tradition is our mission
And, Moana, there's so much to do (Make way)
Don't trip on the taro root, that's all you need
We share everything we make (We make)
We joke and we weave our baskets (Aha!)
The fishermen come back from the sea
I wanna see

Don't walk away
Moana, stay on the ground now
Our people will need a chief and there you are
You might also like
There comes a day
When you're gonna look around
And realize happiness is where you are

Consider the coconut (The what?)
Consider its tree
We use each part of the coconut, that's all we need

We make our nets from the fibers (We make our nets from the fibers)
The water is sweet inside (The water is sweet inside)
We use the leaves to build fires (We use the leaves to build fires)
We cook up the meat inside (We cook up the meat inside)

Consider the coconuts (Consider the coconuts)
The trunks and the leaves (Ha!)

The island gives us what we need

And no one leaves
That's right, we stay
We're safe, and we're well-provided
And when we look to the future, there you are
You'll be okay
In time, you'll learn just as I did

You must find happiness right where you are

I like to dance with the water
The undertow and the waves
The water is mischievous, ha!
I like how it misbehaves
The village may think I'm crazy
Or say that I drift too far
But once you know what you like, well, there you are
You are your father's daughter, stubbornness and pride
Mind what he says, but remember you may hear a voice inside
And if the voice starts to whisper to follow the farthest star
Moana, that voice inside is who you are

We make our nets from the fibers (We weave our nets from the fibers)
The water is sweet inside (A real tasty treat inside)
We use the leaves to build fires (We sing these songs in our choirs)
To cook up the meat inside (We have mouths to feed inside)
The village believes in us (Ha! That's right!)

The village believes (Ha!)

The island gives us what we need

And no one leaves

So here I'll stay
My home, my people beside me
And when I think of tomorrow, there we are
I'll lead the way
I'll have my people to guide me

We'll build our future together where we are
'Cause every path leads you back to where you are
You can find happiness right where you are, where you 