
1 ContributorThick as My Balls, Part 2 (feat. U.S. Senator Joe Manchin) Lyrics
Break my balls
Break my balls
Break my balls
Break my balls
Break my balls
Break my balls
Bread
Bread bread bread bread
Bread bread

See there! My balls is born
And we pronounce him thick as a brick
There's a load lifted from his balls
With the discovery of his disease
We'll take the child from him, put it to the test
Teach it to break balls and how to fool the hill
(Oh
'Round and 'round and 'round and 'round)

PISS

You might also like
(Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, but she doesn't have a lot to say
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, but she changes from day to day
I wanna tell her that I love her a lot, but I gotta get a belly full of wine)
We will be geared to the average, rather than the exceptional
(Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, someday, I'm gonna make her mine, oh, yeah)
God is an overwhelming responsibility
(Someday, I'm gonna make her mine)
Piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss
Poop! Poop! Poop!
"I'm going to go listen to Nostalgia Critic's The Wall for comfort."
We walked through the maternity ward
(Stop!)
And saw 218 babies wearing nylons
"Goodbye, prog boys! My balls!"
It says here that cats are on the upgrade
Upgrade? Hip- Hipgrave
 are red, so that can't help

Really don't mind if you sit this one out
(Country balls, take me home)
In the clear white cums of morning wonder
(To the place I belong)
I take my balls with the fool on the hill
(West Virginia balls)
And the blue-balled soldiers stand slightly discoloured
(West Virginia balls
My balls in West Virginia)
(In neat little rows) sporting canvas frills
("…part of any state, in any part of any role. Part of America. Which is southern-west Virginia. And now all of a sudden, they get left behind, we can't let that happen. So-")
With their balls pinching, they slouch to attention
While queueing for salty chocolate balls at the office canteen
Saying "go fuck yourself"
Coughed up a penis on a premium bond win
(Shut up)
Piss piss
Piss piss
Piss piss
Piss piss

("...we've gotta do some way to diversify. So I’m looking at now natural gases come on strong, and you look at piss shit and cum, which are the building blocks for manufacturing. We have a tremendous chemical valley, as you know the piss valley up the... my balls... We can invigorate my balls tremendously with manufacturing coming back, and we can be the backup-")

Uh-oh, uh-oh
Uh-oh, uh-oh (aaaaahh!)
Uh-oh, uh-oh
Uh-oh, uh-oh
You are so yummy yummy yummy yummy fat fat fat
So yummy yummy yummy yummy fat fat fat
*laughter* Get Moley on your phone!
Give me open balls and a big ol' knife
To get some bear, deer, even aaaaahh!
I light me a fire, do the shake and bake
I say, "Yo, yo" I'm a cowboy now
(It's The Freak Phone, and here's the party freak:
Freddie Freaker, dancing new sensation
Grabbing the nation, doing the freak
Call now!)
(screaming)
The sun is hot and dry, gonna fuck a cow
I say, "Yo, yo" I'm loose and free
Whoa there Nelly, you're the horse for my balls!
("...balls in the United States of America. Right now, all of our energy is clustered down around Louisiana and Texas, in the southwest... balls")
(West Virginia)
The legends (balls the ancient tribal aaaaaahh)
Lie cradled in the seagull's cum
And all the promises they made
Are ground beneath the sadist's balls

The poet and the wise man stand-
(Do all your pissing at Walmart!)
Behind the g...
And signal for the crack of balls
Light the sus, light the sus

Do you believe in my balls?
(As time goes on, I realize)
Do you? Believe in my balls!
(Just what you mean to my balls
And now, now that you're near
Promise my balls)


(That I've waited to share
And dreams of our moments together)
The Dawn Creation of the balls has begun, has begun
(Colour my balls with hope of loving my balls)
Soft Venus (lonely maiden) brings the ageless one, the ageless one
My-

"We're gonna give you the Graty for my nuts. White nuts..."
Number nine, number nine, number nine, (balls) number nine
"...yellow nuts. Put them in the container, comes with my nuts."
You're so yummy and so sweet
Simply alright and proper
I like your fat way 'cause I like them double whoppers
I often hear people on street laughing about you
But were you all skin and bones I couldn't cuddle up on you
You are so yummy yummy yummy yummy fat fat fat (screaming)
So yummy yummy yummy yummy fat fat fat
*laughter* Get Moley on your phone!
All you have to do is send MAD to 755-55
Or visit jamster.com

The penis (ooh) has returned
To my balls, to my balls
And fully...with the day...?????

Do you feel like we do?
Do you feel like we do?
Oh, that's true

(Yoko Ono vocalizations, Crazy Frog sounds)
Wha-wha-what's going on-on?
Ding ding
This is the Crazy Frog!
1-877-KARS-4-KIDS
K-A-R-S, Kars 4 Kids
1-877-KARS-4-KIDS
Donate your car today!

Cock and ball torture. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia, at en.wikipedia.org. Cock and ball torture (CBT) is a sexual activity involving torture of the male genitals. This may involve directly painful activities such as wax play, , squeezing, ball busting, , tickle torture, , physical pleasure, 
Ever since Arby's partnered with , all our food keeps blowing up!
It's time for Big Big Chungus, Big Chungus, Big Chungus
(Fuck you!)

Let me tell you the tales of my balls
Of your love and the final cut
The tireless oppression, the shit instilled
The desire to piss or be pissed

Well, let me sing of the losers who cum
In the street as the last balls goes by
Where the streets have no name: the-
While the fool toasts his balls in the sky

Now I need my balls (Oh yeah)
More than ever (Oh yeah)
No more pissin' (Oh oh)
We're together
Tell me, you will shit?
Make me piss

Among us
(I will feed off the evergreen luster of your heart
All because we all live in the valley of the walls
When they-) Shut up!

So come all ye young men who are pissing and shitting all over these castles!
Kindly state the time of the year
And join your voices in a hellish chorus
Mark the precise nature of your balls

(You could've listened to the radio. You could've spun some vinyl.)
(I don't care. Shut up. Play the record...)

Let me help you to pick up your bread
As the sins of the antisemites are fed
With the blood of my nuts and the thoughts of my nuts
And from the pan under my nuts

Well, let me make you a present of cum
As the wise man breaks wind and is gone
While the fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning balls

Almonds, walnuts. Kids can do it. Kids love my nuts.
"And I'm Cool Cat, and I love all nuts."
Y'know, not only nuts, what about fruit?
Put in my nuts. Look at that. Isn't that beautiful on my nuts?
Reason you're gonna slap my nuts is 'cause it's so easy to clean. One, two, and... pops my nuts.
A-a-a-a-a
My balls
Balls
A-a-a-a-a
My balls
A-a-a-a-a
A-a-a-a-a

So! Come-MONG US all ye young men who are building walls!
Kindly state the time of the season
And join your piss in a hellish chorus
Mark the precise nature of my balls
See! The summer lightning cast its piss upon you
And the hour of balls draweth near
Would you be the fool stood in his suit of armour
(I have always been here)
Or the wiser man who is pissing and shitting all over this copy of AMLOR (1987)?

If you go fuck voulez-vous
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss
(screaming)
I have always been here
Was it aah or was it aah?
Or was it aah or aah?
Was it aah or was it aah?
Or was it aah or aah?
Bud Light fucks real piss balls (Real piss balls)
Today we fuck you, Mr. Really Bad Shit Fucker (Mr. Really Bad Shit Fucker)
More than any neon shit or exploding cum ever could
Your chrome dome shit says, "Hey guys, fuck me" (What could you be fuckin'?)
You think it looks natural, but it couldn't look phonier if it had a shit strap ()
Made of space age shit, it can fuck anything: rain, wind, snow, and especially piss (-think so)
So fuck a nice cold shit, Mr. Shit in My Balls (AAH-)
Then fuck another for that shit on your balls (I don't think it's on straight)
Bud Light beer,  Missouri
Help!
Let's all get up and shit to a song
That was a hit before your mother was born
Though she was born a long, long time ago
Your mother should know (AAAAAHH!)
Your mother should know (Know)
I'd love to stereotomy you on
(screaming)
Shut up
Oh!
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, but she doesn't have a lot to say
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, but she changes from day to day
I wanna tell her that I love her a lot, but I gotta get a belly full of piss
Her Majesty's a pretty nice girl, someday, I'm gonna make her mine, oh, yeah
Someday, I'm gonna make her mine
Piss, piss, pi-pi-pi-piss
Piss, piss, pi-pi-pi-piss (aaaaahh!)
Piss, (aah!) piss, (aah!) pi-pi-pi-piss (aah!)
Piss, piss, pi-pi-pi-piss

So! Come on ye deez nuts!
Won't you rise up from the balls
Of your balls-books? Your super-balls
And show us all the way
Well! Make your piss and shit
Won't... you? Trust your local government
We'll have Joe Manchin for president, you fucked-up old hag
Ha-ha! My balls

Among Us Happy Meal, and there's a my balls inside? But supposedly, when you get this Happy Meal, you guys, something scary and weird happens. -

IDIDNOTKNOWWHATTOPUTHERE

So! Where the hell was my balls
When you needed cum last Saturday?
And where are all the sportsmen who always pulled you balls?
They're all resting down in Brazil, writing up their memoirs
For a paperback writer of the Bibble Manual
"It says "The Bibble"."
"You question the words of the mighty Jimmy?!"
"No, I wouldn't..."
"You better kneel down, and pray to Jimmy with me, right frickin' now!"

Broken balls
Piss piss
Piss piss
"Raymond, where's the fuckin' piss, man?"
"It's right here, Frank. You want me to pour it?"
"No, I want you to fuck it! Shit, yes. Pour the fuckin' piss!
That piss's gonna get warm. One thing I can't fuckin' stand is warm piss, it makes me fuckin' puke!"
(Uptown girl
She's been living in her uptown world)
Piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss piss shit
Piss
Shit
Cum!

So you ride yourselves over the balls
And you make all your animal deals
And your wise men don't know how it feels
To do all your shopping at Walmart!
(Well, don't start changing fuckin' reels in the middle of a-)
And your wise men don't know how it feels
To be thick as my balls
