

Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away (Uh)
Before you lock my love away (Yeah), before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

Fear in her chest, her face with tears
Had her man's back, he was facing years
In her name, though the place was his
They tryna take everything except the kids
For years she been through scuffle and fights
While he tryna hustle that white
Up all night wondering if he's alive
Seeing him tried, she bubbled inside and screamed

Before you lock my love away (Uh), before you lock my love away (Yeah)
Before you lock my love away (Yeah), before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
You might also like
The judge yelled for order court
Reporter making her words shorter
His lawyer sat next to him
She could see how the trial was affecting him
It hurt for her eyes to connect with him
Using her lies for protecting him
They arrested him for murder and gun possession
As they read back her confession, she screamed
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away (Uh)
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

The court awaited as the foreman got the verdict from the bailiff
Emotional outbursts, tears and smeared makeup
They stated, he was guilty on all charges
She's shaking, looking like she took it the hardest
A spin artist, she brought her face up laughing
That's when the prosecutor realized what happened
All that speaking her mind, testifying and crying
When this bitch did the crime, the queenpin
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify
You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, you accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, you accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, you accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, pl— 
1 ContributorBlack History Month LyricsKendrick Lamar - All The Stars (with SZA)
2Pac - Changes (feat. Talent)
Sam Cooke - A Change Is Gonna Come
Childish Gambino - Redbone
Michael Kiwanuka - Black Man In A White World
James Brown - Say It Loud (I'm Black And I'm Proud)
Erykah Badu - Window Seat
Marvin Gaye - Ain't No Mountain High Enough (Mono) (feat. Tammi Terrell)
2Pac - Keep Ya Head Up
Childish Gambino - This Is America
Common - Glory (From the Motion Picture Selma) (feat. John Legend)
Stevie Wonder - Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)
Aloe Blacc - The Man
Gil Scott-Heron - The Revolution Will Not Be Televised
Solange - Cranes in the Sky
N.W.A. - Express Yourself
YG - FDT (feat. Nipsey Hussle)
Public Enemy - Fight The Power
Kendrick Lamar - King Kunta
Pharrell Williams - Freedom
J. Cole - High For Hours
Dreezy - Spar (feat. 6LACK & Kodak Black)
Kanye West - Ultralight Beam
Otis Redding - Stand by Me
Alex Da Kid - American Funeral (feat. Joseph Angel)
The Jackson 5 - I'll Be There
Jay Electronica - Letter To Falon
D'Angelo - Brown Sugar
John Legend - Wake up Everybody (feat. Common & Melanie Fiona) (feat. The Roots)
The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love?
Vic Mensa - Shades Of Blue
Common - The People (feat. Dwele)
Solange - Don't Touch My Hair (feat. Sampha)
The Roots - How I Got Over
A Tribe Called Quest - We The People....
Ice Cube - Good Cop Bad Cop
Kendrick Lamar - Alright
Kevin Michael - It Don't Make Any Difference to Me (feat. Wyclef Jean)
Jeezy - My President (feat. Nas)
YG - Police Get Away Wit Murder
Kanye West - New Slaves
Vince Staples - Hands Up
Dave - Black
The Black Eyed Peas - STREET LIVIN'
KAMAU - PohLease
Aloe Blacc - King Is Born
Solange - Mad (feat. Lil Wayne)
Common - Letter To The Free (feat. Bilal)
Kendrick Lamar - i
Vic Mensa - We Could Be Free (feat. Ty Dolla $ign)
Leven Kali - 