
1 ContributorShareholders Agreement LyricsShareholders Agreement
in relation to 
Contents
    Parties 	5
1	Definitions	5
2	Interpretation	9
3	Board of Directors	10
3.1	Number of Directors	10
3.2	Appointment and removal of Director by other Shareholders	10
3.3	Removal of Directors	10
3.4	Notice of appointment or removal	10
4	Management and decision making	11
4.1	Overall direction of the Company	11
4.2	Board decisions by Required Resolution	11
4.3	Shareholder decisions by Special Resolution	11
5	General restrictions on Disposal and Issue	11
5.1	General restriction on Security Interests	11
5.2	Deed of Accession	11
6	Pre-emptive rights on issue of Securities	11
6.1	Excluded issues	11
6.2	Offer	11
6.3	Acceptance	12
6.4	Allocation	12
6.5	Completion	12
6.6	Issue to Third Parties	12
7	Share plan	12
8	Permitted Disposals	13
8.1	Disposal to Affiliates	13
8.2	Ceasing to be an Affiliate	13
9	Pre-emptive rights on Disposal	13
9.1	Pre-emptive Offer	13
9.2	Acceptance	14
9.3	Allocation	14
9.4	Transfer of Securities to third party	14
9.5	Completion	14
9.6	Tag Along Option	14
9.7	Exercise of Tag Along Option	15
10	Drag Along	15
10.1	Drag Along Notice	15
10.2	Terms of Offer	16
11	Founder Vesting	16
11.1	Vesting of Founder Shares	16
11.2	Right to purchase Founder Shares	16
11.3	Restriction	17
12	Bad leaver arrangements	17
12.1	Bad Leaver	17
12.2	Price for Default Shares	17
12.3	Other remedies	17
12.4	Suspension	17
12.5	Fair Market Value	18
13	Non-competition	18
13.1	Enforceability and severance	18
13.2	Prohibited activities	18
13.3	Duration of prohibition	19
13.4	Geographic application of prohibition	19
14	Confidentiality	19
14.1	Confidentiality	19
14.2	Permitted disclosure	19
15	Dispute resolution	20
15.1	Disputes	20
15.2	Notice of dispute	20
15.3	Resolution	20
16	Termination	21
16.1	Termination events	21
16.2	Accrued rights	21
17	Goods and Services Tax	21
17.1	Definitions	21
17.2	General exclusion of GST	21
17.3	Gross-up of Taxable Supply	22
17.4	Further acts	22
17.5	Reimbursement and indemnity	22
18	Costs and expenses	22
18.1	Stamp duty	22
18.2	Transaction costs	22
19	General	22
19.1	Notices	22
19.2	Governing law and jurisdiction	23
19.3	Invalidity	23
19.4	Agreement and Constitution	23
19.5	Cumulative Rights	24
19.6	Entire agreement	24
19.7	Counterparts	24
19.8	Relationship between parties	24
19.9	Assignment	24
19.10	Further assurances	24
Schedule 1	Shareholders	25
Schedule 2	Critical Business Matters	26
Signing page	28
Annexure A	Deed of Accession	29

Agreement
Date
	
Parties
Name	 (Company)
ACN
Name	The parties set out in Part 1 of Schedule 1 (Shareholders)
Background
A.	Each Shareholder holds Shares as described in Schedule 1.
B.	This agreement sets out the parties’ agreement on how the affairs of the Company will be conducted as from the date of this agreement.
Operative part
1	Definitions
In this agreement:
Affiliate means, in relation to a person (first-mentioned person):
(a)	a person that Controls or is Controlled by the first-mentioned person;
(b)	a Related Body Corporate of the first-mentioned person; and
(c)	in the case of the Investor, includes any fund or other vehicle managed or advised by the Investor.
Bad Leaver means a person who ceases to be employed or engaged by a Group Company, as a result of his or her:
(a)	resignation within  years of the date of this agreement;
(b)	termination by the Company with cause, including because he or she has committed:
(i)	fraud;
(ii)	an indictable criminal offence;
(iii)	a breach of a restrictive covenant; or
(iv)	a material breach of his or her employment or consulting agreement.
Board means the board of Directors of the Company, which at the date of this agreement, comprises the persons set out in the table in Schedule 1.
Business means the business of the Group as at the date of this agreement being  and as modified from time to time.
Business Day means a day on which banks are open for general banking business in , excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays.
Confidential Information means information disclosed by or on behalf of one party to another party in connection with this agreement which has been designated as confidential by the party disclosing the information, or information which by its nature should reasonably be considered to be confidential, but does not include:
(a)	any information which is in the public domain at the time of its disclosure or subsequently becomes part of the public domain other than as a result of a breach by the person receiving the Confidential Information of clause 14.1;
(b)	any information that was known to the party receiving the Confidential Information at the time of disclosure of the confidential information except as a result of a prior confidential disclosure by the party disclosing the Confidential Information; or
(c)	any information that is disclosed to the party receiving the Confidential Information by any third party who is not known to the party receiving the Confidential Information to be acting in breach of a confidentiality obligation owed to the party disclosing the Confidential Information.
Constitution means the constitution of the Company, as amended from time to time.
Control has the same meaning given to it in section 50AA of the Corporations Act.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended.
Deed of Accession means a deed poll in a form attached as Annexure A.
Director means a director of the Company, and as at the date of this agreement means the Directors listed in the table in Schedule 1.
Dispose means to sell, assign, transfer, convey, exchange, create a Security Interest over or otherwise dispose of a legal or beneficial interest and “Disposal” shall be construed accordingly.
Excluded Issue means:
(a)	an issue of Securities expressly contemplated under this agreement;
(b)	Securities issued in connection with share splits or the issue of dividends which is approved by a Required Resolution of the Board;
(c)	Securities issued as part of an IPO which is approved by a Required Resolution of the Board; or
(d)	Securities constituting all or part of the consideration for a bona-fide acquisition of assets or shares by the Group which is approved by the Required Resolution of the Board.
Financial Year means a period of 12 consecutive calendar months ending on 30 June or on another day decided by the Board.
Founder means each party listed as a “Founder” in Schedule 1.
Founder Entity means a Founder (if Shares are held directly by the Founder) and/or an Affiliate of the Founder (if Shares of a Founder are held by a nominee).
Government Agency means any government or governmental, semi-governmental, administrative, fiscal or judicial body, department, commission, authority, tribunal, agency or entity whether foreign, federal, state, territorial or local.
Group means the Company and the Subsidiaries, and Group Company means any one of them.
Independent Expert means a reputable and qualified independent expert who is independent of the relevant parties.
Intellectual Property Rights means all present and future rights to:
(a)	trade marks, trade names, domain names, logos, get-up, patents, inventions, registered and unregistered design rights, copyrights, circuit layout rights, and all similar rights in any part of the world (including know-how); and
(b)	where the rights referred to in paragraph (a) are obtained or enhanced by registration, any registration of such rights and applications and rights to apply for such applications.
Investor means each party listed as an “Investor” in Schedule 1, and being a Shareholder holding Seed Preference Shares.
IPO means an initial public offering of Shares or shares in a holding company of the Company in conjunction with a listing or quotation of Shares or shares in a holding company of the Company on a recognised stock exchange.
Law includes:
(a)	any statute, regulation, rule, by-law, ordinance, proclamation, judgement, treaty, decree, convention, rule or principle of common law or equity, rule of any applicable stock exchange, or requirement or approval (including any Government Agency);
(b)	any regulation, rule, by-law, ordinance, proclamation or judgement made under that law; and
(c)	that law as amended, consolidated, supplemented, re-enacted or replaced.
Ordinary Share means an ordinary share in the capital of the Company.
Related Body Corporate has the same meaning as in section 9 of the Corporations Act.
Representative in respect of a person means an officer, employee, auditor, banker or professional adviser of that person.
Required Resolution means a resolution:
(a)	approved by % or more of the Directors entitled to vote, provided that such majority must include any Director appointed under clause 3.2(b); or
(b)	identified in a document where all those persons entitled to vote on the resolution sign a statement that they are in favour of the resolution set out in the document.
Respective Proportion means in respect of each Shareholder, the proportion that the aggregate number of Shares held by that Shareholder bears to the aggregate number of Shares on issue at the relevant time, except that for the purposes of clause 9.3, the Seller’s Shares are excluded from the number of issued Shares.
Security means a security of the Company and includes the Shares, options, any convertible notes, warrants or other securities capable of conversion into Shares issued by the Company.
Security Interest means:
(a)	a 'security interest' as defined in the Personal Property Securities Act 2009 (Cth);
(b)	any third party rights or interests including a mortgage, lien, charge, pledge, assignment by way of security, security interest, encumbrance, title retention, preferential right or trust arrangement, Claim, covenant, easement or any other security arrangement or any other arrangement having the same effect;
(c)	a right, interest or arrangement which has the effect of giving another person priority over creditors including any right of set-off;
(d)	a right that a person (other than the owner) has to remove something from land (known as a profit à pendre), easement, public right of way, restrictive or positive covenant, lease, or licence to use or occupy; or
(e)	an agreement to create any of them or allow them to exist.
Seed Preference Shares means seed preference shares in the capital of the Company having the rights set out in the Constitution.
Share means:
(a)	an Ordinary Share;
(b)	a Seed Preference Share; and
(c)	a share in any other class of shares issued by the Company from time to time, as applicable.
Share Qualification means the required percentage of shareholding in the issue share capital of the Company set out in clause 3.2.
Shareholder means a party who holds Shares and, at the date of this agreement, means a party listed in the table in Schedule 1 (other than in respect of the unallocated Share Plan).
Special Resolution means a resolution:
(a)	approved by the holders of 75% or more of the issued Shares held by those Shareholders present (by any means) or voting by proxy or representative and entitled to vote; or
(b)	identified in a document where all those persons entitled to vote on the resolution sign a statement that they are in favour of the resolution set out in the document.
Subsidiary means a subsidiary of the Company as defined by section 9 of the Corporations Act.
Unvested Shares means any Shares that have not vested pursuant to clause 11.
2	Interpretation
In this agreement, unless context indicates a contrary intention:
(a)	(headings) clause headings and the table of contents are inserted for convenience only and do not affect interpretation of this agreement.
(b)	(party) a reference to a party to a document includes that party’s personal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, substitutes (including persons taking by novation) and permitted assigns.
(c)	(including) including and includes (and any other similar expressions) are not words of limitation, and a list of examples is not limited to those items or to items of a similar kind.
(d)	(corresponding meanings) a word that is derived from a defined word has a corresponding meaning.
(e)	(singular) the singular includes the plural and vice-versa.
(f)	(gender) words importing one gender include all other genders.
(g)	(rules of construction) neither this agreement nor any part of it is to be construed against a party on the basis that the party or its lawyers were responsible for its drafting.
(h)	(legislation) a reference to any legislation or provision of legislation includes all amendments, consolidations or replacements and all regulations or instruments issued under it.
(i)	(time and date) a reference to a time or date in connection with the performance of an obligation by a party is a reference to the time and date in New South Wales, Australia, even if the obligation is to be performed elsewhere.
(j)	(writing) a reference to a notice, consent, request, approval or other communication under this agreement or an agreement between the parties means a written notice, request, consent, approval or agreement.
(k)	(Australian currency) a reference to dollars or $ is to Australian currency.
3	Board of Directors
3.1	Number of Directors
The maximum number of Directors of the Company at any time (excluding alternate Directors) is , unless the Board determines otherwise by Required Resolution.  One of the Directors must be an independent Director.
3.2	Appointment and removal of Director by other Shareholders
(a)	The Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) may appoint  Directors for so long as it holds % or more of the Shares.
(b)	Shareholders holding a majority of the Seed Preference Shares may appoint  Directors for so long as they hold Shares.
(c)	A Shareholder entitled to appoint a Director under this clause 3.2 may remove and replace that Director by notice in writing to the Company.
3.3	Removal of Directors
A Shareholder that has appointed a Director under clause 3.2 must remove that Director from the Board by giving written notice to the Company and must ensure that the Director resigns as a director of all relevant Group Companies and committees of the Board, if:
(a)	at any time that Shareholder does not meet the requisite Share Qualification for the appointment of the relevant Director; or
(b)	the Director:
(i)	becomes incapable of managing his or her own affairs due to a medical or mental condition (as evidenced by a certificate to that effect by a qualified medical practitioner);
(ii)	is precluded from taking part in the management of a corporation under the provisions of Part 2D of the Corporations Act;
(iii)	has disregarded the direction of the Board; or
(iv)	has wilfully falsified the Company’s accounts.
3.4	Notice of appointment or removal
(a)	Following service of a notice in accordance with clauses 3.2(a), the appointment of the relevant Director takes effect when his written consent to act as a Director is received at the registered office of the Company.
(b)	The removal of a Director takes effect when the written notice of removal under clause 3.2(c), or the Director’s resignation letter, is received at the registered office of the Company.
4	Management and decision making
4.1	Overall direction of the Company
The Board must decide all matters concerning the overall direction and management of the Company and the Group and the formulation of the policies to be applied in the conduct of the Business.
4.2	Board decisions by Required Resolution
The Company must not make, and must ensure that no Subsidiary makes, any decision covering a matter listed in Part A of Schedule 2 without the approval of the Board by Required Resolution.
4.3	Shareholder decisions by Special Resolution
The Company must not make, and must ensure that no Subsidiary makes, any decision covering a matter listed in Part B of Schedule 2 without the approval of the Shareholders by Special Resolution.
5	General restrictions on Disposal and Issue
5.1	General restriction on Security Interests
A Shareholder (other than the Investor) may not grant any Security Interest over Securities without first obtaining Board approval by Required Resolution.
5.2	Deed of Accession
Despite any other provision of this agreement or the Constitution, any Disposal or issue of Securities to any person who is not a Shareholder must be conditional on the person first entering into:
(a)	a binding Deed of Accession; or
(b)	a new shareholders agreement as agreed by the parties.
6	Pre-emptive rights on issue of Securities
6.1	Excluded issues
This clause 6 does not apply to any Excluded Issue.
6.2	Offer
The Company must offer each Shareholder its Respective Proportion of the total number of Securities (Issue Securities) to be issued by written notice (Issue Notice) specifying:
(a)	the terms of issue of the Issue Securities;
(b)	the total number of Issue Securities available for subscription; and
(c)	the date on which subscription monies for the Issue Securities must be paid to the Company.
6.3	Acceptance
A Shareholder wishing to subscribe for Issue Securities (Accepting Subscriber) in response to an Issue Notice must, within 10 Business Days after receipt of the Issue Notice, irrevocably notify the Board of the number of Issue Securities it is willing to subscribe for (Issue Acceptance).
6.4	Allocation
(a)	If the aggregate Issue Acceptances received by the Board in accordance with clause 6.3 is less than the total number of Issue Securities, each Accepting Subscriber’s allocation of Issue Securities (Allocation) is the amount of Issue Securities set out in its Issue Acceptance.
(b)	If the aggregate Issue Acceptances received by the Board in accordance with clause 6.3 is greater than the total number of Issue Securities, each Accepting Subscriber’s Allocation is the lesser of:
(i)	its Issue Acceptance; and
(ii)	the relevant Accepting Subscriber’s Respective Proportion of the Issue Securities.
(c)	Any Issue Securities which remain unallocated must be re-offered to those remaining Accepting Subscribers who in their Issue Acceptance specified a number of Issue Securities greater than their Respective Proportion of the Issue Securities and this process will be repeated until either all Issue Securities are allocated, or every Accepting Subscriber offered Issue Securities under this clause has rejected the offer.
6.5	Completion
On completion, each Accepting Subscriber must pay to the Company the subscription monies for the Issue Securities and the Company must issue the Issue Securities to that Accepting Subscriber.
6.6	Issue to Third Parties
After the procedures set out in this clause have been complied with and exhausted, if any Remaining Securities have not been accepted, the Company may issue those Remaining Securities to one or more other parties, on terms no more favourable to the other party than those offered to the Shareholders.
7	Share plan
The Shareholders agree that:
(a)	at any time, the Board may establish a formal written share plan to issue Securities to eligible service providers (whether Directors, employees or contractors) that result in the issue of that number of shares of an amount up to % of the fully diluted share capital of the Company as at the date of this agreement (Share Plan);
(b)	the Share Plan will authorise the Directors to issue Securities under the Share Plan to eligible service providers in their discretion; and
(c)	any issue of Securities under the Share Plan will be an Excluded Issue.
8	Permitted Disposals
8.1	Disposal to Affiliates
Subject to clauses 5.2 and 8.2, but despite any other provision of this agreement:
(a)	a Shareholder may Dispose any or all of its Securities from time to time to any of its Affiliates without restriction; and
(b)	an Affiliate of a Shareholder may Dispose any or all of its Securities from time to time to that Shareholder or another Affiliate of that Shareholder without restriction.
8.2	Ceasing to be an Affiliate
If a person to whom a Shareholder has disposed any Securities ceases to be an Affiliate (as applicable) of that Shareholder:
(a)	that Shareholder must procure that that person immediately disposes the relevant Securities back to the original transferor (who must purchase the Securities); and
(b)	all rights attaching to the Securities held by that person will be suspended until the disposal back to the original transferor is completed.
9	Pre-emptive rights on Disposal
9.1	Pre-emptive Offer
(a)	A Shareholder wishing to Dispose of Securities (Seller) must first give to the Board, and the Board must give notice to each other Shareholder a written notice (Transfer Notice) which constitutes an offer by the Seller to Dispose of the Sale Securities (as defined in clause 9.1(b)(i)) at the Price stated in the Transfer Notice and in the manner outlined in this clause.
(b)	The Transfer Notice must set out:
(i)	the number and class of Securities it proposes to Dispose of (Sale Securities);
(ii)	the name of any proposed third party buyer;
(iii)	the price payable per Sale Security; and
(iv)	the key terms of any offer from a purchaser or agreement between the Seller and the purchaser concerning the Seller’s Securities.
9.2	Acceptance
A Shareholder wishing to purchase Sale Securities (Accepting Shareholder) in response to a Transfer Notice must, within 10 Business Days after receipt of the Transfer Notice, irrevocably notify the Board of the number of Sale Securities it is willing to purchase (Transfer Acceptance).
9.3	Allocation
(a)	If the aggregate Transfer Acceptances received by the Board in accordance with clause 9.2 is less than the total number of Sale Securities, each Accepting Shareholder’s allocation of Sale Securities (Allocation) is the amount of Securities set out in its Transfer Acceptance.
(b)	If the aggregate Transfer Acceptances received by the Board in accordance with clause 9.2 is greater than the total number of Sale Securities, each Shareholder’s Allocation is the lesser of:
(i)	its Transfer Acceptance; and
(ii)	the relevant Accepting Shareholder’s Respective Proportion of the Sale Securities.
(c)	Any Sale Securities which remain unallocated must be re-offered to those remaining Accepting Shareholders who in their Transfer Acceptance specified a number of Sale Securities greater than their Respective Proportion of the Sale Securities and this process will be repeated until either all Sale Securities are allocated, or every Shareholder offered Securities under this clause has rejected the offer.
9.4	Transfer of Securities to third party
If there are unallocated Sale Securities after all Allocations have been exhausted:
(a)	the Company must immediately notify the Seller of the unallocated Sale Securities; and
(b)	the Seller is free to Dispose of the unallocated Sale Securities to any other party within 90 days of the date of the Transfer Notice on terms no more favourable to the other party than those set out in the Transfer Notice.
9.5	Completion
At completion, the Seller must transfer, and each Accepting Shareholder must accept, the respective Allocation of Securities on the terms set out in the Transfer Notice.
9.6	Tag Along Option
(a)	If a Seller is permitted to Dispose unallocated Sale Securities to another party pursuant to clause 9.4 and the unallocated Sale Securities total % or more of the total issued Shares, the Seller must give each other Shareholder a notice (Tag Along Notice) of their intention.
(b)	A Tag Along Notice gives each other Shareholder the right (Tag Along Option) to require the Seller to procure the purchase by the proposed purchaser all of the Securities held by the other Shareholders and must include details of:
(i)	the name of the purchaser;
(ii)	the number of Securities in the proposed Disposal to the third party;
(iii)	the sale price and any other terms of the proposed Disposal to the purchaser; and
(iv)	the period during which a Tag Along Option may be exercised, which must be a period of not less than  Business Days from the date of service of the Tag Along Notice (Exercise Period).
9.7	Exercise of Tag Along Option
(a)	A Tag Along Option may be exercised by notice (Exercise Notice) to the Seller given within the Exercise Period.
(b)	If a Shareholder exercises its Tag Along Option, the Seller must not Dispose of any Securities to the purchaser unless the purchaser, at the same time, buys the Securities specified in the Exercise Notice at the same price per Security and otherwise on the same terms.
(c)	If the Tag Along Option is not exercised within the period specified in the Tag Along Notice, it will be deemed to have lapsed at midnight on the last day of the Exercise Period.
10	Drag Along
10.1	Drag Along Notice
(a)	If the Company or any Shareholder receives a bona fide offer from a third party to purchase all of the Securities in the Company (Third Party Offer) and the holders of at least % of the issued Shares accept the Third Party Offer (Dragging Shareholders) (provided that Shareholders holding a majority of the Seed Preference Shares must be Dragging Shareholders), any Dragging Shareholder is entitled to issue to some or all of the remaining Shareholders (Other Shareholders) a notice (Drag Along Notice) requiring each Other Shareholder to sell to the third party specified in the Drag Along Notice some or all of the Other Shareholders’ Securities upon the terms and conditions specified in the Drag Along Notice.
(b)	Despite anything else in this agreement the pre-emption procedure set out in clause 9 does not apply to the relevant Securities once a Drag Along Notice has been issued.
10.2	Terms of Offer
(a)	The terms on which the Dragging Shareholders require the Other Shareholders to sell their Securities must be no less favourable to the Other Shareholders than the terms on which the Dragging Shareholders are selling their Securities.
(b)	The Drag Along Notice must specify:
(i)	the details of the third party buyer;
(ii)	the consideration payable for each Security; and
(iii)	any other key terms and conditions upon which the Other Shareholders’ Securities will be purchased pursuant to the Drag Along Notice.
(c)	Subject to clause 10.2(d), each Other Shareholder must, within 10 Business Days of service of the Drag Along Notice sell all of their Securities to the third party buyer specified in the Drag Along Notice in accordance with the key terms and conditions of the Drag Along Notice.
(d)	The Other Shareholders are not obliged to sell their Securities in accordance with clause 10.2(c) if the Dragging Shareholders do not complete the sale of all their Securities to the third party buyer on the same key terms and conditions set out in the Drag Along Notice.
11	Founder Vesting
11.1	Vesting of Founder Shares
% of the Shares held by each Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) will vest as follows:
(a)	% will vest on the date that is  months after the date of this agreement; and
(b)	at a rate of  of the balance at the end of each month period thereafter, provided that the relevant Founder remains engaged by the Company to provide services, whether as a contractor or employee at the date of vesting.
11.2	Right to purchase Founder Shares
If a Founder (or their Affiliate as the case may be):
(a)	ceases to be employed or engaged by the Company to provide services;
(b)	attempts to transfer any of its Unvested Shares (other than as permitted by this agreement); or
(c)	breaches the covenants set out in clause 13,
the Company may, by written notice to the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable), buy back the Unvested Shares from the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) for a price equal to $1.00 in total for all Unvested Shares and the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) must do everything necessary to facilitate the sale of the Unvested Shares to the Company within 5 Business Days of the Company's notice.
11.3	Restriction
Despite clause 11.2, the Company may only buy back the Unvested Shares if that is permitted under Part 2J.1 of the Corporations Act and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the buyback will not materially prejudice the Company's ability to pay its creditors.
12	Bad leaver arrangements
12.1	Bad Leaver
(a)	If a Founder ceases to be employed or engaged by a Group Company in circumstances where they are a Bad Leaver, the Company may by written notice, buy back the Shares held by the Founder or Founder Entity, as applicable (Default Shares) from the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) or direct the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) to transfer to a person nominated by the Board all of the Default Shares at the price set out in clause 12.2.
(b)	If the Company notifies the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) that it wishes to buy back or require a compulsory transfer of the Default Shares under clause 12.1(a), the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) and the other Shareholders must do everything necessary to facilitate the sale of the Default Shares to the Company or the Company’s nominee within 10 Business Days of the Company's notice.
(c)	Despite clauses 12.1(a) and 12.1(b), the Company may only buy back the Default Shares if that is permitted under Part 2J.1 of the Corporations Act and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the buyback will not materially prejudice the Company's ability to pay its creditors.
12.2	Price for Default Shares
The price for the Default Shares (Default Price) is % of Fair Market Value.
12.3	Other remedies
The rights and remedies set out in this clause do not exclude any other rights or remedies that a party may have against a party in default of this agreement.
12.4	Suspension
To the extent that the Law allows, from the time of giving notice under clause 12.1:
(a)	the Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) and any person appointed as a Director by that party is deemed to have provided a resignation notice to the Company at the same time as a Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) is notified pursuant to clause 12.1 and is automatically removed from the Board at that time, and has no further right to participate in the Business or management of the Group; and
(b)	the rights of the relevant Founder or Founder Entity (as applicable) as a holder of Securities (including dividend and distribution rights in relation to Securities, and the rights to attend and vote at general meetings of Shareholders and to receive information and documents) are suspended until those Securities have been acquired by the Company or as directed by the Company.
12.5	Fair Market Value
(a)	The Board will determine by Required Resolution the Fair Market Value of the Default Shares and will notify the Founder within 5 Business Days of such determination.
(b)	If the Board is unable to determine the Fair Market Value by required Resolution, the Board must appoint an Independent Expert to determine the Fair Market Value.
13	Non-competition
13.1	Enforceability and severance
(a)	This clause has effect as if it were separate and independent clauses, each one being severable from the others and consisting of the covenant set out in clause 13.2 combined with each separate period referred to in clause 13.3, and each combination combined with each separate area referred to in clause 13.4.
(b)	If any of these separate clauses are void, invalid or unenforceable for any reason, it will be deemed to be severed to the extent that it is void or to the extent of voidability, invalidity or unenforceability and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other separate clause or other combinations of the separate provisions of clauses 13.2, 13.3 and 13.4.
13.2	Prohibited activities
Each Shareholder other than the Investor (Restrained Shareholder) undertakes to the Group that it will not and will procure that their Affiliates do not:
(a)	engage in a business or activity that is the same or similar to, or competes with, the Business or any material part of the Business;
(b)	employ, solicit or entice away from a Group Company an officer, manager, consultant or employee of a Group Company or a person who was an officer, manager, consultant or employee of any Group Company in the 12 months before the Restrained Shareholder ceased to hold Securities; or
(c)	attempt, counsel, procure or otherwise assist a person to do any of the acts referred to in this clause,
except with the prior written consent of the Board by Required Resolution.
13.3	Duration of prohibition
The undertakings in clause 13.3 begin on the date each Restrained Shareholder first holds Securities and end:
(a)	3 years after the date on which the Restrained Shareholder ceased to hold Securities;
(b)	2 years after the date on which the Restrained Shareholder ceased to hold Securities; and
(c)	on the first anniversary of the date on which the Restrained Shareholder ceased to hold Securities.
13.4	Geographic application of prohibition
The undertakings in clause 13.2 apply if the activity prohibited by clause 13.2 occurs in:
(a)	Australia;
(b)	New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria;
(c)	New South Wales; and
(d)	within a radius of 10 kilometres from any location from which the Group conducts the Business at the date the Restrained Shareholder ceases to be a Shareholder,
during the periods set out in clause 13.3.
14	Confidentiality
14.1	Confidentiality
Subject to clause 14.2, no party may:
(a)	disclose any Confidential Information to any person;
(b)	use any Confidential Information in any manner which may cause loss to the Company or the other parties; or
(c)	make any public announcement or issue any press release regarding this agreement or a party’s involvement with the Company.
14.2	Permitted disclosure
(a)	A party may disclose, and may permit its Representatives to disclose, any Confidential Information (and the other restrictions in clause 14.1 do not apply in such cases):
(i)	with the prior written consent of the party to whom the Confidential Information relates;
(ii)	to the extent it is required to do so by Law; or
(iii)	to a professional adviser in order for it to provide advice in relation to matters arising under or in connection with this agreement and the party disclosing the Confidential Information ensures that the professional adviser complies with the terms of this clause.
(b)	Each holder of Seed Preference Shares may disclose, and may permit its Representatives to disclose, any Confidential Information to its, and its Affiliate’s, directors, officers, employees, advisers, investors, members, limited partners and unitholders.
15	Dispute resolution
15.1	Disputes
A party must not commence court proceedings or arbitration relating to any dispute arising from this agreement without first complying with this clause, except:
(a)	where a party seeks urgent interlocutory relief; or
(b)	where the dispute relates to compliance with this clause.
15.2	Notice of dispute
(a)	A party claiming that a dispute has arisen under this agreement must give written notice of the details of the dispute to the other party or parties in dispute.
(b)	Each party that has given or received notice of the dispute under this clause must promptly:
(i)	designate as its representative in negotiations relating to the dispute a person with authority to settle the dispute; and
(ii)	use its best endeavours to resolve the dispute.
15.3	Resolution
If within 20 Business Days of receipt of notice the parties to the dispute do not either, resolve the dispute, or agree as to:
(a)	a dispute resolution technique (for example, expert determination) and procedures to be adopted;
(b)	the timetable for all steps in those procedures; and
(c)	the selection and compensation of the independent person required for such technique,
the parties must mediate the dispute in accordance with the mediation rules of the Law Society of New South Wales and the parties must request the President of the Law Society of New South Wales or the President’s nominee to select the mediator and determine the mediator’s remuneration.
16	Termination
16.1	Termination events
This agreement will be terminated:
(a)	by mutual agreement in writing of all Shareholders;
(b)	for any Shareholder, when it ceases to hold any Securities;
(c)	the date on which one Shareholder holds all of the Securities;
(d)	for a particular Group Company, when it is wound up by an order of a Court;
(e)	the date on which the Company is voluntarily wound up; and
(f)	the date on which shares in an IPO of the Company or Related Body Corporate are allotted or transferred.
16.2	Accrued rights
(a)	Termination of this agreement under clause 16.1 is without prejudice to any accrued rights of the Shareholders.
(b)	Each Shareholder agrees that after termination of this agreement the obligations under clauses 13, 14, 16, 17 and 19 continue in force.
17	Goods and Services Tax
17.1	Definitions
In this clause:
(a)	GST means GST as defined in A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 as amended (GST Act) or any replacement or other relevant legislation and regulations;
(b)	words used in this clause which have a particular meaning in the GST law (as defined in the GST Act, and also including any applicable legislative determinations and Australian Taxation Office public rulings) have the same meaning, unless the context otherwise requires;
(c)	any reference to GST payable by a party includes any corresponding GST payable by the representative member of any GST group of which that party is a member; and
(d)	if the GST law treats part of a supply as a separate supply for the purpose of determining whether GST is payable on that part of the supply or for the purpose of determining the tax period to which that part of the supply is attributable, such part of the supply is to be treated as a separate supply.
17.2	General exclusion of GST
Unless GST is expressly included, the consideration expressed to be payable under any other clause of this agreement for any supply made under or in connection with this agreement does not include GST.
17.3	Gross-up of Taxable Supply
To the extent that any supply made under or in connection with this agreement is a taxable supply, the GST exclusive consideration otherwise payable for that supply is increased by an amount equal to that consideration multiplied by the rate at which GST is imposed in respect of the supply, and is payable at the same time.
17.4	Further acts
Each party agrees to do all things, including providing tax invoices and other documentation, that may be necessary or desirable to enable or assist the other party to claim any input tax credit, adjustment or refund in relation to any amount of GST paid or payable in respect of any supply made under or in connection with this agreement.
17.5	Reimbursement and indemnity
If a payment to a party under this agreement is a payment by way of reimbursement or indemnity and is calculated by reference to the GST inclusive amount of a loss, cost or expense incurred by that party, then the payment is to be reduced by the amount of any input tax credit to which that party is entitled in respect of that loss, cost or expense before any adjustment is made for GST pursuant to clause 17.3.
18	Costs and expenses
18.1	Stamp duty
The Company must pay all stamp duty on this agreement and any instrument or document executed under this agreement.
18.2	Transaction costs
Except as agreed between the parties, each party must bear its own legal and other costs and expenses of and incidental to the preparation and execution of this agreement.
19	General
19.1	Notices
Any notice given under or in connection with this agreement (Notice):
(a)	must be in writing and signed by a person duly authorised by the sender;
(b)	must be addressed and delivered to the intended recipient by hand, by prepaid post, by fax or by email at the address, fax number or email address last notified by the intended recipient to the sender; and
(c)	is taken to be given and made:
(i)	in the case of hand delivery, when delivered;
(ii)	in the case of delivery by post, three Business Days after the date of posting (if posted to an address in the same country) or seven Business Days after the date of posting (if posted to an address in another country);
(iii)	in the case of a fax, on the day and at the time it is sent, provided that the sender’s facsimile machine issues a report confirming the transmission of the number of pages in the Notice; and
(iv)	in the case of an email, on the day and at the time that the recipient confirms the email is received.
This clause does not limit the way in which a notice can be deemed to be served under any Law.
19.2	Governing law and jurisdiction
(a)	The laws applicable in  govern this agreement.
(b)	The parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of  and any courts competent to hear appeals from those courts.
19.3	Invalidity
(a)	A word or provision must be read down if:
(i)	this agreement is void, voidable, or unenforceable if it is not read down;
(ii)	this agreement will not be void, voidable or unenforceable if it is read down; and
(iii)	the provision is capable of being read down.
(b)	A word or provision must be severed if:
(i)	despite the operation of clause 19.3(a), the provision is void, voidable or unenforceable if it is not severed; and
(ii)	this agreement will be void, voidable or unenforceable if it is not severed.
(c)	The remainder of this agreement has full effect even if clause 19.3(b)(i) or 19.3(b)(ii) applies.
19.4	Agreement and Constitution
(a)	If there is an inconsistency between this agreement and the Constitution, the provisions of this agreement prevail. An inconsistency will be considered to exist if, regardless of the purpose of the provision, the relevant subject matter or action to be taken (including the issue or Disposal of Securities) is dealt with differently in both the Constitution and this agreement.
(b)	If necessary, the Shareholders must procure that the Constitution (and the constitution of each Subsidiary) is amended as soon as is practicable to ensure that a provision of this agreement is effective in accordance with its terms.
(c)	To the maximum extent permitted by Law, the parties agree to waive any provisions contained in the Constitution to the extent that those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions in this agreement, so that they have no force or effect during the term of this agreement.
19.5	Cumulative Rights
The rights and remedies in this agreement are in addition to other rights and remedies given by Law independently of this agreement.
19.6	Entire agreement
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior negotiations, representations, understandings or arrangements made between the parties regarding the subject matter of this agreement, whether orally or in writing.
19.7	Counterparts
This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts. All counterparts taken together constitute one instrument.
19.8	Relationship between parties
(a)	Nothing in this agreement:
(i)	constitutes a partnership between the parties; or
(ii)	except as expressly provided, makes a party an agent of another party for any purpose.
(b)	A party cannot in any way or for any purpose:
(i)	bind another party; or
(ii)	contract in the name of another party.
(c)	If a party must fulfil an obligation and that party is dependent on another party, then that other party must do each thing reasonably within its power to assist the other in the performance of that obligation.
19.9	Assignment
A party may not assign, transfer or in any other manner deal with its rights under this agreement.
19.10	Further assurances
Each party must promptly execute all documents and do all other things reasonably necessary or desirable to give effect to the arrangements recorded in this agreement.
Schedule 1	Shareholders

Name of Shareholder	Founder (Y/N)	Investor (Y/N)	Contact Details	Class of Share
				
				
				
Schedule 2	Critical Business Matters
Part A: Matters to be determined by Required Resolution
1	Matters to be determined by Required Resolution of the Board are:
(a)	(business plan) adopt a business plan for the group and vary that business plan;
(b)	(employees) appoint or remove or materially change the terms of engagement of the Founder and key executives or any other employee with a total remuneration package in excess of $ per annum, or pay any such person a bonus;
(c)	(Board composition) appoint a director or otherwise alter the structure of the Board other than in accordance with this agreement;
(d)	(Share Plan) adopt or vary the terms of any Share Plan and issue any securities under that Share Plan;
(e)	(accounts) the approval of the monthly and annual statutory accounts of any Group Company;
(f)	(accounting practices) any change to the accounting practices and policies of any Group Company;
(g)	(change of business) make a material change in the nature of the Group’s business;
(h)	(issuing Securities) issue of Securities, other than an Excluded Issue;
(i)	(new class of Securities) create any class of Securities with rights that are superior to the rights of the Seed Preference Shares;
(j)	(restructure) any restructuring involving the Company or any Subsidiaries, including creation of a trust, trustee, subsidiary or branch of the Company or any Subsidiaries;
(k)	(dividends) declare, make or pay a dividend;
(l)	(administration) appoint an external administrator, liquidator or receiver;
(m)	(partnership) enter into (or terminate) any material partnership, joint venture, profit-sharing agreement, technology licence or collaboration;
(n)	(capital expenditure) incur capital expenditure of more than $ in a financial year;
(o)	(financial indebtedness) incur any financial indebtedness by the Group which exceeds $ (and for these purposes, “financial indebtedness” means any indebtedness, present or future, actual or contingent, in respect of money borrower or raised or any financial accommodation);
(p)	(encumbrances) grant any Security Interest of any nature in respect of all or any material part of the Company’s undertaking, property, assets or the issuance of any guarantee in favour of the obligations of a third party;
(q)	(Insurance) enter into any D&O insurance policy for the board and the Company’s senior executives; and
(r)	(sale) a sale of a majority of the assets of the Company or a transaction to sell or licence all or a substantial part of the Intellectual Property Rights of the Company.
Part B: Matters to be determined by Special Resolution of Shareholders
2	Matters to be determined by Special Resolution of the Shareholders are:
(a)	(Share rights) varying the rights of any Shares;
(b)	(Constitution) amend the constitution of the Company; and
(c)	(related party transactions) other than as permitted by this agreement or the Constitution, transactions between the Company and a Shareholder or its Affiliate which are outside of the ordinary course of business, otherwise than on arm’s length terms.
Signing page
Executed as an agreement

Annexure A	Deed of Accession
By  of  (New Shareholder)
In favour of the parties to the Shareholders Agreement from time to time.
RECITALS
A.	The New Shareholder has acquired or will acquire securities in  (the Company).
B.	This deed poll is supplemental to the shareholders agreement dated  between the Company and its shareholders in relation to the Company (as amended from time to time) (Shareholders Agreement).
C.	The New Shareholder agrees to become a party to the Shareholders Agreement and to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Shareholders Agreement.
OPERATIVE PART
1	Definitions and Interpretation
Unless the context otherwise requires:
(a)	terms defined in the Shareholders Agreement have the same meaning when used in this deed; and
(b)	the interpretation provisions in the Shareholders Agreement apply to the interpretation of this deed.
2	New Shareholder’s Shareholding
The New Shareholder confirms that:
(a)	it has been given a copy of the Shareholders Agreement; and
(b)	it will hold Securities in the capacity of an .
3	Covenant
The New Shareholder covenants and agrees with the parties to the Shareholders Agreement (whether or original or by accession) that, as from the date of this deed, the New Shareholder will comply with the provisions of the Shareholders Agreement as fully and in the same manner as if it were a party to the Shareholders Agreement from the date of the Shareholders Agreement.
4	Notices
The notice details of the New Shareholder are as follows:
(a)	address: ;
(b)	email: ; and
(c)	facsimile: .
5	Costs
The New Shareholder is responsible for all legal and other costs and expenses of and incidental to the preparation and execution of this deed and any stamp duty payable in connection with this deed.
6	Governing law
This deed is governed by the laws in force from time to time in the State of New South Wales.
EXECUTED as a deed 
1 ContributorAlice Adams (Chapter XI) LyricsAfter that, she went to her room and sat down before her three-leaved mirror. There was where she nearly always sat when she came into her room, if she had nothing in mind to do. She went to that chair as naturally as a dog goes to his corner.
She leaned forward, observing her profile; gravity seemed to be her mood. But after a long, almost motionless scrutiny, she began to produce dramatic sketches upon that ever-rеady stage, her countenancе: she showed gaiety, satire, doubt, gentleness, appreciation of a companion and love-in-hiding—all studied in profile first, then repeated for a “three-quarter view.” Subsequently she ran through them, facing herself in full.
In this manner she outlined a playful scenario for her next interview with Arthur Russell; but grew solemn again, thinking of the impression she had already sought to give him. She had no twinges for any underminings of her “most intimate friend”—in fact, she felt that her work on a new portrait of Mildred for Mr.
Russell had been honest and accurate. But why had it been her instinct to show him an Alice Adams who didn't exist?
Almost everything she had said to him was upon spontaneous impulse, springing to her lips on the instant; yet it all seemed to have been founded upon a careful design, as if some hidden self kept such designs in stock and handed them up to her, ready-made, to be used for its own purpose. What appeared to be the desired result was a false-coloured image in Russell's mind; but if he liked that image he wouldn't be liking Alice Adams; nor would anything he thought about the image be a thought about her.
Nevertheless, she knew she would go on with her false, fancy colourings of this nothing as soon as she saw him again; she had just been practicing them. “What's the idea?” she wondered. “What makes me tell such lies? Why shouldn't I be just myself?” And then she thought, “But which one is myself?”
Her eyes dwelt on the solemn eyes in the mirror; and her lips, disquieted by a deepening wonder, parted to whisper:
“Who in the world are you?”
The apparition before her had obeyed her like an alert slave, but now, as she subsided to a complete stillness, that aspect changed to the old mockery with which mirrors avenge their wrongs. The nucleus of some queer thing seemed to gather and shape itself behind the nothingness of the reflected eyes until it became almost an actual strange presence. If it could be identified, perhaps the presence was that of the hidden designer who handed up the false, ready-made pictures, and, for unknown purposes, made Alice exhibit them; but whatever it was, she suddenly found it monkey-like and terrifying. In a flutter she jumped up and went to another part of the room.
A moment or two later she was whistling softly as she hung her light coat over a wooden triangle in her closet, and her musing now was quainter than the experience that led to it; for what she thought was this, “I certainly am a queer girl!” She took a little pride in so much originality, believing herself probably the only person in the world to have such thoughts as had been hers since she entered the room, and the first to be disturbed by a strange presence in the mirror. In fact, the effect of the tiny episode became apparent in that look of preoccupied complacency to be seen for a time upon any girl who has found reason to suspect that she is a being without counterpart.
This slight glow, still faintly radiant, was observed across the dinner-table by Walter, but he misinterpreted it. “What YOU lookin' so self-satisfied about?” he inquired, and added in his knowing way, “I saw you, all right, cutie!”
“Where'd you see me?”
“Down-town.”
“This afternoon, you mean, Walter?”
“Yes, 'this afternoon, I mean, Walter,'” he returned, burlesquing her voice at least happily enough to please himself; for he laughed applausively. “Oh, you never saw me! I passed you close enough to pull a tooth, but you were awful busy. I never did see anybody as busy as you get, Alice, when you're towin' a barge. My, but you keep your hands goin'! Looked like the air was full of 'em! That's why I'm onto why you look so tickled this evening; I saw you with that big fish.”
Mrs. Adams laughed benevolently; she was not displeased with this rallying. “Well, what of it, Walter?” she asked. “If you happen to see your sister on the street when some nice young man is being attentive to her——”
Walter barked and then cackled. “Whoa, Sal!” he said. “You got the parts mixed. It's little Alice that was 'being attentive.' I know the big fish she was attentive to, all right, too.”
“Yes,” his sister retorted, quietly. “I should think you might have recognized him, Walter.”
Walter looked annoyed. “Still harpin' on THAT!” he complained. “The kind of women I like, if they get sore they just hit you somewhere on the face and then they're through. By the way, I heard this Russell was supposed to be your dear, old, sweet friend Mildred's steady. What you doin' walkin' as close to him as all that?”
Mrs. Adams addressed her son in gentle reproof, “Why Walter!”
“Oh, never mind, mama,” Alice said. “To the horrid all things are horrid.”
“Get out!” Walter protested, carelessly. “I heard all about this Russell down at the shop. Young Joe Lamb's such a talker I wonder he don't ruin his grandfather's business; he keeps all us cheap help standin' round listening to him nine-tenths of our time. Well, Joe told me this Russell's some kin or other to the Palmer family, and he's got some little money of his own, and he's puttin' it into ole Palmer's trust company and Palmer's goin' to make him a vice-president of the company. Sort of a keep-the-money-in-the-family arrangement, Joe Lamb says.”
Mrs. Adams looked thoughtful. “I don't see——” she began.
“Why, this Russell's supposed to be tied up to Mildred,” her son explained. “When ole Palmer dies this Russell will be his son-in-law, and all he'll haf' to do'll be to barely lift his feet and step into the ole man's shoes. It's certainly a mighty fat hand-me-out for this Russell! You better lay off o' there, Alice. Pick somebody that's got less to lose and you'll make better showing.”
Mrs. Adams's air of thoughtfulness had not departed. “But you say this Mr. Russell is well off on his own account, Walter.”
“Oh, Joe Lamb says he's got some little of his own. Didn't know how much.”
“Well, then——”
Walter laughed his laugh. “Cut it out,” he bade her. “Alice wouldn't run in fourth place.”
Alice had been looking at him in a detached way, as though estimating the value of a specimen in a collection not her own. “Yes,” she said, indifferently. “You REALLY are vulgar, Walter.”
He had finished his meal; and, rising, he came round the table to her and patted her good-naturedly on the shoulder. “Good ole Allie!” he said. “HONEST, you wouldn't run in fourth place. If I was you I'd never even start in the class. That frozen-face gang will rule you off the track soon as they see your colours.”
“Walter!” his mother said again.
“Well, ain't I her brother?” he returned, seeming to be entirely serious and direct, for the moment, at least. “I like the ole girl all right. Fact is, sometimes I'm kind of sorry for her.”
“But what's it all ABOUT?” Alice cried. “Simply because you met me down-town with a man I never saw but once before and just barely know! Why all this palaver?”
“'Why?'” he repeated, grinning. “Well, I've seen you start before, you know!” He went to the door, and paused. “I got no date to-night. Take you to the movies, you care to go.”
She declined crisply. “No, thanks!”
“Come on,” he said, as pleasantly as he knew how.
“Give me a chance to show you a better time than we had up at that frozen-face joint. I'll get you some chop suey afterward.”
“No, thanks!”
“All right,” he responded and waved a flippant adieu. “As the barber says, 'The better the advice, the worse it's wasted!' Good-night!”
Alice shrugged her shoulders; but a moment or two later, as the jar of the carelessly slammed front door went through the house, she shook her head, reconsidering. “Perhaps I ought to have gone with him. It might have kept him away from whatever dreadful people are his friends—at least for one night.”
“Oh, I'm sure Walter's a GOOD boy,” Mrs. Adams said, soothingly; and this was what she almost always said when either her husband or Alice expressed such misgivings. “He's odd, and he's picked up right queer manners; but that's only because we haven't given him advantages like the other young men. But I'm sure he's a GOOD boy.”
She reverted to the subject a little later, while she washed the dishes and Alice wiped them. “Of course Walter could take his place with the other nice boys of the town even yet,” she said. “I mean, if we could afford to help him financially. They all belong to the country clubs and have cars and——”
“Let's don't go into that any more, mama,” the daughter begged her. “What's the use?”
“It COULD be of use,” Mrs. Adams insisted. “It could if your father——”
“But papa CAN'T.”
“Yes, he can.”
“But how can he? He told me a man of his age CAN'T give up a business he's been in practically all his life, and just go groping about for something that might never turn up at all. I think he's right about it, too, of course!”
Mrs. Adams splashed among the plates with a new vigour heightened by an old bitterness. “Oh, yes,” she said. “He talks that way; but he knows better.”
“How could he 'know better,' mama?”
“HE knows how!”
“But what does he know?”
Mrs. Adams tossed her head. “You don't suppose I'm such a fool I'd be urging him to give up something for nothing, do you, Alice? Do you suppose I'd want him to just go 'groping around' like he was telling you? That would be crazy, of course. Little as his work at Lamb's brings in, I wouldn't be so silly as to ask him to give it up just on a CHANCE he could find something else. Good gracious, Alice, you must give me credit for a little intelligence once in a while!”
Alice was puzzled. “But what else could there be except a chance? I don't see——”
“Well, I do,” her mother interrupted, decisively. “That man could make us all well off right now if he wanted to. We could have been rich long ago if he'd ever really felt as he ought to about his family.”
“What! Why, how could——”
“You know how as well as I do,” Mrs. Adams said, crossly. “I guess you haven't forgotten how he treated me about it the Sunday before he got sick.”
She went on with her work, putting into it a sudden violence inspired by the recollection; but Alice, enlightened, gave utterance to a laugh of lugubrious derision. “Oh, the GLUE factory again!” she cried. “How silly!” And she renewed her laughter.
So often do the great projects of parents appear ignominious to their children. Mrs. Adams's conception of a glue factory as a fairy godmother of this family was an absurd old story which Alice had never taken seriously. She remembered that when she was about fifteen her mother began now and then to say something to Adams about a “glue factory,” rather timidly, and as a vague suggestion, but never without irritating him. Then, for years, the preposterous subject had not been mentioned; possibly because of some explosion on the part of Adams, when his daughter had not been present. But during the last year Mrs. Adams had quietly gone back to these old hints, reviving them at intervals and also reviving her husband's irritation. Alice's bored impression was that her mother wanted him to found, or buy, or do something, or other, about a glue factory; and that he considered the proposal so impracticable as to be insulting. The parental conversations took place when neither Alice nor Walter was at hand, but sometimes Alice had come in upon the conclusion of one, to find her father in a shouting mood, and shocking the air behind him with profane monosyllables as he departed. Mrs. Adams would be left quiet and troubled; and when Alice, sympathizing with the goaded man, inquired of her mother why these tiresome bickerings had been renewed, she always got the brooding and cryptic answer, “He COULD do it—if he wanted to.” Alice failed to comprehend the desirability of a glue factory—to her mind a father engaged in a glue factory lacked impressiveness; had no advantage over a father employed by Lamb and Company; and she supposed that Adams knew better than her mother whether such an enterprise would be profitable or not. Emphatically, he thought it would not, for she had heard him shouting at the end of one of these painful interviews, “You can keep up your dang talk till YOU die and I die, but I'll never make one God's cent that way!”
There had been a culmination. Returning from church on the Sunday preceding the collapse with which Adams's illness had begun, Alice found her mother downstairs, weeping and intimidated, while her father's stamping footsteps were loudly audible as he strode up and down his room overhead. So were his endless repetitions of invective loudly audible: “That woman! Oh, that woman; Oh, that danged woman!”
Mrs. Adams admitted to her daughter that it was “the old glue factory” and that her husband's wildness had frightened her into a “solemn promise” never to mention the subject again so long as she had breath. Alice laughed. The “glue factory" idea was not only a bore, but ridiculous, and her mother's evident seriousness about it one of those inexplicable vagaries we sometimes discover in the people we know best. But this Sunday rampage appeared to be the end of it, and when Adams came down to dinner, an hour later, he was unusually cheerful. Alice was glad he had gone wild enough to settle the glue factory once and for all; and she had ceased to think of the episode long before Friday of that week, when Adams was brought home in the middle of the afternoon by his old employer, the “great J. A. Lamb,” in the latter's car.
During the long illness the “glue factory” was completely forgotten, by Alice at least; and her laugh was rueful as well as derisive now, in the kitchen, when she realized that her mother's mind again dwelt upon this abandoned nuisance. “I thought you'd got over all that nonsense, mama,” she said.
Mrs. Adams smiled, pathetically. “Of course you think it's nonsense, dearie. Young people think everything's nonsense that they don't know anything about.”
“Good gracious!” Alice cried. “I should think I used to hear enough about that horrible old glue factory to know something about it!”
“No,” her mother returned patiently. “You've never heard anything about it at all.”
“I haven't?”
“No. Your father and I didn't discuss it before you children. All you ever heard was when he'd get in such a rage, after we'd been speaking of it, that he couldn't control himself when you came in. Wasn't I always quiet? Did I ever go on talking about it?”
“No; perhaps not. But you're talking about it now, mama, after you promised never to mention it again.”
“I promised not to mention it to your father,” said Mrs. Adams, gently. “I haven't mentioned it to him, have I?”
“Ah, but if you mention it to me I'm afraid you WILL mention it to him. You always do speak of things that you have on your mind, and you might get papa all stirred up again about—” Alice paused, a light of divination flickering in her eyes. “Oh!” she cried. “I SEE!”
“What do you see?”
“You HAVE been at him about it!”
“Not one single word!”
“No!” Alice cried. “Not a WORD, but that's what you've meant all along! You haven't spoken the words to him, but all this urging him to change, to 'find something better to go into'—it's all been about nothing on earth but your foolish old glue factory that you know upsets him, and you gave your solemn word never to speak to him about again! You didn't say it, but you meant it—and he KNOWS that's what you meant! Oh, mama!”
Mrs. Adams, with her hands still automatically at work in the flooded dishpan, turned to face her daughter. “Alice,” she said, tremulously, “what do I ask for myself?”
“What?”
“I say, What do I ask for myself? Do you suppose I want anything? Don't you know I'd be perfectly content on your father's present income if I were the only person to be considered? What do I care about any pleasure for myself? I'd be willing never to have a maid again; I don't mind doing the work. If we didn't have any children I'd be glad to do your father's cooking and the housework and the washing and ironing, too, for the rest of my life. I wouldn't care. I'm a poor cook and a poor housekeeper; I don't do anything well; but it would be good enough for just him and me. I wouldn't ever utter one word of com——”
“Oh, goodness!” Alice lamented. “What IS it all about?”
“It's about this,” said Mrs. Adams, swallowing. “You and Walter are a new generation and you ought to have the same as the rest of the new generation get. Poor Walter—asking you to go to the movies and a Chinese restaurant: the best he had to offer! Don't you suppose I see how the poor boy is deteriorating? Don't you suppose I know what YOU have to go through, Alice? And when I think of that man upstairs——” The agitated voice grew louder. “When I think of him and know that nothing in the world but his STUBBORNNESS keeps my children from having all they want and what they OUGHT to have, do you suppose I'm going to hold myself bound to keep to the absolute letter of a silly promise he got from me by behaving like a crazy man? I can't! I can't do it! No mother could sit by and see him lock up a horn of plenty like that in his closet when the children were starving!”
“Oh, goodness, goodness me!” Alice protested. “We aren't precisely 'starving,' are we?”
Mrs. Adams began to weep. “It's just the same. Didn't I see how flushed and pretty you looked, this afternoon, after you'd been walking with this young man that's come here? Do you suppose he'd LOOK at a girl like Mildred Palmer if you had what you ought to have? Do you suppose he'd be going into business with her father if YOUR father——”
“Good heavens, mama; you're worse than Walter: I just barely know the man! DON'T be so absurd!”
“Yes, I'm always 'absurd,'” Mrs. Adams moaned. “All I can do is cry, while your father sits upstairs, and his horn of plenty——”
But Alice interrupted with a peal of desperate laughter. “Oh, that 'horn of plenty!' Do come down to earth, mama. How can you call a GLUE factory, that doesn't exist except in your mind, a 'horn of plenty'? Do let's be a little rational!”
“It COULD be a horn of plenty,” the tearful Mrs. Adams insisted. “It could! You don't understand a thing about it.”
“Well, I'm willing,” Alice said, with tired skepticism. “Make me understand, then. Where'd you ever get the idea?”
Mrs. Adams withdrew her hands from the water, dried them on a towel, and then wiped her eyes with a handkerchief. “Your father could make a fortune if he wanted to,” she said, quietly. “At least, I don't say a fortune, but anyhow a great deal more than he does make.”
“Yes, I've heard that before, mama, and you think he could make it out of a glue factory. What I'm asking is: How?”
“How? Why, by making glue and selling it. Don't you know how bad most glue is when you try to mend anything? A good glue is one of the rarest things there is; and it would just sell itself, once it got started. Well, your father knows how to make as good a glue as there is in the world.”
Alice was not interested. “What of it? I suppose probably anybody could make it if they wanted to.”
“I SAID you didn't know anything about it. Nobody else could make it. Your father knows a formula for making it.”
“What of that?”
“It's a secret formula. It isn't even down on paper. It's worth any amount of money.”
“'Any amount?'” Alice said, remaining incredulous. “Why hasn't papa sold it then?”
“Just because he's too stubborn to do anything with it at all!”
“How did papa get it?”
“He got it before you were born, just after we were married. I didn't think much about it then: it wasn't till you were growing up and I saw how much we needed money that I——”
“Yes, but how did papa get it?” Alice began to feel a little more curious about this possible buried treasure. “Did he invent it?”
“Partly,” Mrs. Adams said, looking somewhat preoccupied. “He and another man invented it.”
“Then maybe the other man——”
“He's dead.”
“Then his family——”
“I don't think he left any family,” Mrs. Adams said. “Anyhow, it belongs to your father. At least it belongs to him as much as it does to any one else. He's got an absolutely perfect right to do anything he wants to with it, and it would make us all comfortable if he'd do what I want him to—and he KNOWS it would, too!”
Alice shook her head pityingly. “Poor mama!” she said. “Of course he knows it wouldn't do anything of the kind, or else he'd have done it long ago.”
“He would, you say?” her mother cried. “That only shows how little you know him!”
“Poor mama!” Alice said again, soothingly. “If papa were like what you say he is, he'd be—why, he'd be crazy!”
Mrs. Adams agreed with a vehemence near passion. “You're right about him for once: that's just what he is! He sits up there in his stubbornness and lets us slave here in the kitchen when if he wanted to—if he'd so much as lift his little finger——”
“Oh, come, now!” Alice laughed. “You can't build even a glue factory with just one little finger.”
Mrs. Adams seemed about to reply that finding fault with a figure of speech was beside the point; but a ringing of the front door bell forestalled the retort. “Now, who do you suppose that is?” she wondered aloud, then her face brightened. “Ah—did Mr. Russell ask if he could——”
“No, he wouldn't be coming this evening,” Alice said. “Probably it's the great J. A. Lamb: he usually stops for a minute on Thursdays to ask how papa's getting along. I'll go.”
She tossed her apron off, and as she went through the house her expression was thoughtful. She was thinking vaguely about the glue factory and wondering if there might be “something in it” after all. If her mother was right about the rich possibilities of Adams's secret—but that was as far as Alice's speculations upon the matter went at this time: they were checked, partly by the thought that her father probably hadn't enough money for such an enterprise, and partly by the fact that she had arrived at the front 
