
1 ContributorStop Killing Us: A Slam Poem LyricsIt is two AM in Orlando, Florida, the land where dreams come true,
the state of sunshine, at the Pulse Nightclub,
flashing lights and dancers, inclusivity.
My aching heart.
It is Harvey Milk’s assassination, the first of us to be an elected official
—I want to be a leader one day—
just a San Francisco supervisor, 1978,
shot in the chest while giving a speech,
blood and muscles, the AIDS epidemic.
It is Allen Schindler, a US Navy Officer,
a protector of our country, stamped to death in a public restroom
while completing his service,
killed in the very country, by the very civilians,
for which he was fighting.
Bloody hearts and broken mirrors.
It is every single word of the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy,
passed by a Democratic, liberal hero,
campaigning for human rights while simultaneously signing away our right
to serve openly in the military,
saying that our presence would
“create an unacceptable risk to the high stands, good order, and discipline
that are necessary for the excellence of the military.”
Immortality and searching eyes.
I could’ve died for this land, covered a land mine with my flesh,
or jumped in front of a spray of bullets for my fellow Americans
but I couldn’t have hold my team about my love?
That my truth would’ve created unacceptable risks?
It is a man that told the court he was a
“Christian soldier working for my Lord”
after he killed six people in the year 2000,
only to later say that he
wished he “could’ve killed more.”
My own Lord is loving.
It is the fact that I love God, I am a spiritual being
who does community service and smiles at strangers on the street,
yet this all-loving figure apparently wants me to
suffer and burn in the fiery chasms of hell?
It is Terrianne Summers, a 51 year old trans woman and activist,
shot and killed in her own front lawn,
doing the gardening,
but her death never went to court,
it wasn’t even investigated, because the police said
it couldn’t have been a hate crime.
A hate crime.
A crime born out of the love-child of ignorance and fear.
It is two men murdering Sakia Gunn,
a 15-year-old lesbian, at a bus stop and then
never being charged with murder,
because it was apparently only “aggravated manslaughter,”
which is defined as “recklessly causing the death of another human,”
even though he stabbed her in the chest multiple times,
he did care about the consequences,
he was not reckless,
he wanted her heart to stop beating.
And this man, in court, said that this 15-year-old girl
“ran into” his knife.
Taking a beating heart in both hands and squeezing until it’s silenced.
It is every hate word you can think of,
every Westboro Baptist protest,
every time you say I’m sinful.
It is gay victims of the Holocaust during World War II
having the highest rate of death in concentration camps,
but do we ever hear about them?  Did you even know about them?
Above a 60% death rate, a pink triangle stitched above their heat,
extermination through labor,
torture, too, medical experiments and torn out fingernails.
But it wasn’t until seventy years later that this was even recognized,
and the first large-scale memorial for these forgotten souls was built
in 2014.
And yet our textbooks still say nothing.
History can be rewritten if a hateful group pays you enough.
It is the fact that “gay panic” can be used as a legal defense in court,
saying that you stripped another human being of life
and disrespected them so much and were so full of cruelty
as to assault them…
because their love disturbed you so greatly.
It can be used as an excuse for murder in forty-nine out of fifty states,
including, of course, our own.
Court cases with justice unserved.
Do something.
It is one man saying to the United Nations Security Council
that “In my society, being gay means death.”
It is a man whose name I will not speak,
because he has already attempted to steal my voice
and he does not deserve more of my words,
a man who morphed a loving religion into
pits of hate and evil, pledging his allegiance
to the Islamic State,
who stormed that very first gay club in Orlando, Florida,
the land where dreams come true, the state of sunshine,
and shot and killed forty-nine innocent civilians,
the largest mass killing in America since 9/11.
It is the fact that there even has to be a Wikipedia page called
“History of Violence Against the LGBT Community in the United States,”
a historical page to which is still being added today,
a page which instills such horror in my mind and heart
—because what if I’m next?
That is my history,
that is my struggle,
those are the things I think about every day.
I cried on June 12th, 2016,
a date that will forever live in infamy,
at least in my mind,
though maybe not in the government’s.
I held my friends close but myself closer,
‘cause there’s always this lingering fear
that they might turn on me,
that they might join the crowd,
because they can never understand.
You can never understand my love being cursed and shamed
by religious groups that advocate for compassion,
or that nerve-rattling fear of those three words,
“I am gay.”
Sorry, dad, I know I haven’t told you any of this yet,
but I guess it’s just time to know.
I am not confused, I am not confused, I have never been confused,
not about me, at least,
though what I have been confused about is
why do you hate us so much?
Why do you hate my love,
my compassion, my hand-holding,
and midnight kisses,
soft skin against mine, warm and good,
my white dress walking down the aisle,
wonderful children and a shining smile.
I just want to be happy.
What is so scary about my happiness?
And, yes, heterosexual cis teenagers,
I hear you calling your friends gay slurs in the hallway when you’re angry with them,
taking my identity and morphing into something evil,
something to be wielded as a weapon.
And I don’t want to be your token gay friend,
and the A in LGBTQIA+ is not for you
because, repeat after me, not everything is for you,
stealing from an already underrepresented group of people.
Our one and only acronym.
Stop trying to present yourself as a good and pure ally
while simultaneously shutting our mouths,
speaking over us, making us feel lesser.
I appreciate you, but
don’t you dare lecture me about the struggle of my community.
Stop telling me about how much you want a
lesbian Disney princess
while also getting uncomfortable when I touch you.
I don’t wanna get into your pants,
I want to be a passionate and caring human being.
And, yes, I have short hair and I’m wearing a suit right now,
but that does not make me a stereotype,
it does not make me less of a woman.
We are all human beings, and
I want to send a message out to every single
ball of energy in this world,
to every single person.
I want to say,
stop killing us.
There’s been enough bloodshed and hate
over something as simply as love.  Love.
Love is love.
“Love is love,” you tweeted out on June 24th, 2015,
a date when I cried as well,
though this time they were happy tears,
when my love was recognized by my country
—I am an American!
But where were you after that?
Were you on the sidelines, did you do anything,
or did you just Instagram a rainbow heart and
forget about us?
Are you dedicated to helping us, or
do you just want it to seem that way?
Respect is what every group needs, but
dedication must be there, too, time and energy.
I want to dedicate this poem to
every member of my community,
because I support you all, I love you,
and we are mighty and strong,
flying our rainbow flags even in the greatest of storms.
We are more than a single character in your favorite TV show,
more than that one character in that one movie
that dies or disappears after the first few minutes,
a sea of misrepresentation.
I want to dedicate this poem to every person whose identity
has been stripped away from them, and
used as a joke,
used as a weapon,
used to silence their voice.
I want to dedicate this poem to Madeline Bordo,
a fierce human being who just wants to love other human beings
and be happy,
a child of the ocean,
and in the memory of her late and great grandmother.
Love is love is love is love, but that does not matter if you don’t work for change.
I don’t care if you couldn’t care less about marriage equality,
Senators and Representatives,
that does not matter if you vote against every piece of legislation
to protect our rights, our human rights.
Your personal opinion does not outweigh the choice that comes out on the Congress floor.
I want to dedicate this poem to all the brave souls
fighting against this hatred,
fighting for me and my people,
to every spirit, every piece of stardust or smoke.
I hear you, and I am with you.
I am gay.
And I will not apologize.
Thank 