
1 ContributorLove Story Lyrics"Somebody in Japan offered me a grotesque thing," says Courtney Love, the grunge diva who fronts not only the alternative-rock band Hole but also as the widow of Nirvana's Kurt Cobain, the grief-fed rage of an entire generation. "They offered me $4 million for this house because of Kurt dying here. Of course I was, like, 'Go fuck yourself!' They were never even going to live here. They just wanted it. As what? As a fucking museum? Kurt wanted me to stay, or he would not have done it in the greenhouse," she continues, alluding to the day Cobain, having escaped from his last visit to a drug-rehabilitation center, took a gun, put it to his weary head, and pulled the trigger.
A guard unlocks the gate to the estate, which is high on a hill above Lake Washington in Seattle, near the house of Howard Schultz, the chairman and C.E.O. of the Starbucks coffee-bar chain. The first thing I see at the end of the drive is that infamous greenhouse-now a shrine filled with orchids and daphnes and gardenias-above the garage. Parked below it, like a kind of auto couple, are Love's two Volvos, a sedan and a station wagon. The bumper sticker on the former reads, I'M A HOMEMAKER AND PROUD OF IT. As I enter the quarry stone mansion, which she says once belonged to the Blaine family, who were among the founders of this most beautiful northwestern American cities, the delighted squeals of Frances Bean Cobain, the two -and-a-half-year-old progeny of Kurt and Courtney, serve as a welcoming herald. The bright-faced youngster is being chased around the downstairs rooms by Love's bearded assistant. "I'm gonna get you!" he teases her. Captured, the child issues a child's instinctive challenge: "Mommy!"
Mommy-a kind of auto couple herself since the death of her husband only a year ago, an embodiment of both Cobain's lingering spirit and her own carnal presence-cries out from somewhere above us, "Bean! Bean!" The voice is ragged, loving, rocked-out after two weeks of performances. "Beeeeean!"
To the left of the manor's grand staircase is a rather formal dinning room lorded over by a dark and bedeviling Robert Hawkins painting titled The Drug Dealer's Horse. To the right is a parlor containing three overstuffed sofas. A giant framed needlepoint angel is on one wall. On another hangs a girt to Cobain from the writer William Burroughs, a sketch, primitively rendered by the grizzled author's apparently shaky hand, of a slit-eyed, slightly evil, alien-looking creature-an E.T. with the D.T.'s. What appear to be bullet holes riddle the portrait. The inscription from Burroughs reads, "The Priest, they called him."
"Burroughs shot it," a bleary Love, now standing in the room, tells me when she sees me looking at the holes. Her mottled blond hair is matted, and a white silk robe is thrown matter-of-factly over her blowsy body. "That's what he does-he shoots up his art. Kurt would go into a Burroughs imitation when he was on drugs, or in bed. 'All riiight, baaaaby ... arrrgggrrr,' " she growls, imitating Cobain imitating Burroughs.
Across the living room is the Buddhist altar on which most of Cobain's ashes are kept in an open urn. (Some are buried beneath a small willow tree outside; others are in Love's bedroom under a miniature sculpture of a benevolent Buddha.) A baby picture of Cobain looking exactly like Frances Bean-especially the eerily wise, walnut-size eyes-sits nest to a portrait of him as a famous young man. "He was so gorgeous. ...Kurt," Love laments. "I don't know how I got lucky that way." She opens a small round box next to the altar. Inside is a mass of black-rooted blond locks. "Look at his beautiful hair," she tells me as I pick up a precisely folded piece of tissue that sits atop the strands. "Those are his pubes-I snagged a few," she brags. "I wanted his heart. I wanted his heart to put an oak in it. I was going fucking mediaeval."
"An oak?" I ask.
"Yeah. I wanted to plant an oak in it and have it grow. It's an old Saxon tradition. He had a lot of German in him. Some Irish. But no Jew. I think that if had a little Jew he would have fucking stuck it out. But he didn't.... His ashes are finally going to the Calvary Cemetery here in Seattle. I was thinking at one point: Because he loved it so much, would Kurt want to go to New Orleans? When people go and make their fucking pilgrimage, would they like to go to New Orleans? Mmmmm...no. I guess Seattle will stay the mecca for drugs and Kurt Cobain."
All about us are vases of Stargazer lilies, Cobain's favorite flower, as well as an array of religious symbols and artifacts. "A lot of the Christian stuff is Kurt's," Love says as she shows me the rest of the house. "Mine is the Buddhist stuff. The Jesuses are Kurt's. He had Jesus-envy. But we both sort of defied it, too, because we started studying Buddhism....I like all the angels around, because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her dad's an angel. When she sees her dad on TV, she goes, 'Oh...an angel'-whatever that means in her little head."
Love relieves her assistant and begins to chase Frances Bean herself, mother and daughter harmonizing in their squeals of alarm. At the top of the staircase, they hang a right and end up in Frances Bean's bedroom. Love, looking at the lone, small photograph above the bed, curls up on the covers while the child searches through the books strewn about the floor among the stuffed animals. "Who's that?" she asks her daughter, pointing at the portrait of a happily disheveled couple.
"That's Mommy," Frances Bean answers, looking up from where she is digging deeply into a pile of toys.
"Who's that?" Love asks, this time reaching up to touch Cobain's face with her nicked and nicotined fingers.
"That's Daddy."
Frances Bean finds what she's been searching for. "Will you read me this?" she asks, handing Love a copy of Beauty and the Beast before retrieving a naked doll-a rather handsome young male one-to hold as she climbs onto her mother's lap.
"Who's that?" I ask the child.
"It was a gift from her father," Love tells me. "It's Luke Perry. But Kurt dressed him in a dress and gave it to her."
Frances Bean eyes the doll.
Love begins: "One cold winter's evening a ragged old beggar woman came bearing a rose to the door of a castle. She pleaded for shelter, but the spoiled prince who lived there turned the woman away..."
Continuing to read, Love tries to wrap her daughter in the white robe that barely clings to the edges of her breasts. Handing me the doll, Frances Bean climbs higher on Love's lap and hangs on every word. The child places her tiny hands on her mother's cheeks and listens to the last lines read out to her in that ragged, loving, rocked-out voice. "The spell was broken," her mother finishes, knowing the lines by heart, and turns to look into her dead husband's eyes framed there in her daughter's face. "The Beast was no more," she recites, more in rasp than a whisper. "Love had changed his life forever."
There is a Grand Guignol naïveté about Courtney Love. Offstage, at home, it enhances the maternal intimacy she enjoys with her daughter. Onstage, it is monstrously effective at arousing in her audiences the mother lode that all great rock 'n' roll stars must tap-puerile rebellion. Offstage and on, Love is as unpredictable as she is prurient. Louise Brooks, the great screen siren, could have been describing Love when she once summed up the charms of the American child star Shirley Temple: "a swaggering, tough little slut."
Love's Kinder-slut persona is primed and ready by the time I catch the last left of recent Hole tour in Salt Lake City. I can't help but wonder who will show up for Hole's concert tonight. The young people here are so well scrubbed and polite that I can't imagine them singing along with anything other than Mormon hymns. Stationed around Temple Square are lovely young girls from all over the world, referred to as "sisters," who are doing their missionary work for the church. Flight attendants for the ancestral angels of this faith, they piously dispense information about the holy pioneers who settles in this valley in 1897.
Even in Salt Lake City, it turns out, Courtney Love and Hole can pull in a crowd. "Hers is the heart of the rock 'n' roll audience, " Danny Goldberg, who once managed Nirvana as well as Hole and is now chairman and C.E.O. of Warner Bros. Records, tells me. "You meet 14-year-oldsand they're all into Hole. It's not just critics. She's appealing to the heart of the MTV mainstream rock audience. It's not just based on one song. It's her. There are very few women who have ever done that....My daughter, Katie, who is four and a half, often says she wants to be like Courtney when she grows up," Goldberg continues laughing nervously.
"I'm a Courtney Love fan because I think she's a woman who goes beyond limits of anything to say what she wants to say and to do what she wants to do," a chubby teenager named Holly tells me just before the concert begins in a small hall on the shore of the Great Salt Lake. Along with hundreds of other sweet-faced girls and tough-talking boys, she is getting revved up for her idol's entrance. "I think she's been through hell and back," says Holly. "And she's survived! "
Suddenly the crowd lets loose with a pulsating roar. I look up and see Love, in a girlishly pink getup, stager onto the stage full of Stoli and a couple weeks' worth of road-weary attitude. Her band-the beautifully aloof bass player, Melissa Auf der Maur (who replaced Kristen Pfaff after her death from and overdose of heroin last year), guitarist Eric Erlandson (his stoicism tested tonight by the news of his father's death), and drummer Patty Schemel (calm, kick-ass, the keeper of the rhythmic flame)-grab their instruments and wait for Love's signal to let the music rip. Holding a stuffed Barney dinosaur in one hand and a Dunhill cigarette in the other, she pauses to stare down at the throng of rowdy boys crowding the stage below her, then smirks at their crude innocence and drops Barney amid the trademark array of broken dolls that adorn the stage around her. (Love's song "Doll Parts" has become the latest teen anthem for pubescent girls terrorized by their own tender, morphing bodies.) Ready to mosh-an activity that entails pushing, shoving, and lifting performers or audience members and passing them over the head of the crowd-teenagers of both sexes are screaming obscenities at her. One boy even has the audacity to shout out that he loves her. "How do you know you can love me?" Love asks him with disdain. "I'M A BITCH! " she warns them all and cranks up the music.
For more than an hour, her vulgar allure in full bloom, Love flaunts her superiority over the audience. Her performance is a slur of politics and pouty sexuality. She is scornful. Scatological. Scurrilous. Every lyric she sings-from "I fake it so real I am beyond / Someday you will ache like I ache" to "I made my bed / I'll lie in it / I made my bed / I'll die in it"- is echoed by these kids. A fervor bordering on the religious seems to be sweeping through this more or less Mormon congregation, and as she douses them with bottles water a ritual she performs for her audiences-the shtick takes on the added ceremonial trappings of baptism.
At one point Love beckons a boy from the crowd, who, shouting "Fuck you, Courtney!" over and over, shoots her the finger. By the time the others have passed him over their heads to the stage, the boy's pants are down around his knees and his boxer shorts are low on his hips. Love elaborately fakes fellating the teenager, then pulls his boxers all the way down. The kid flashes his penis at his buddies before Love wrestles him to the floor and kicks him off the stage. All in all, Sister Love is giving an amazing appalling performance. She possesses the swagger of Joplin at full swig and the foul mouth of Morrison at his marauding, raunchy best. Expertly guiding this latter-day throng into a Holey, ghostly frenzy, Love is a tough little slut all right, a flight attendant for the ancestral angels of her own deeply rooted American faith.
Already in a state of dishabille--a dirty T-shirt and panties the extent of her attempt at getting dressed today-- Courtney Love strips the rest of the way and steps into the bath she is drawing on the second floor of her Seattle home. The steaming water rushes from the faucet as she slides down lower and lower into the tub. Spreading her wounded legs, scabbed and bruised from stage-diving into the waiting clutches of her fans, she lets out a low moan as her body reaches the onrush of water. Slowly she slides back up and begins to wash herself deep beneath the suds that surround her. Her white breasts, like great cakes of soap, bob about in front of me.
"I've always had great tits," she's told me. "So after Frances, I had them lifted. . . .they didn't move my nipples, and they didn't put anything inside of my breasts. But if I see this in a pull-quote in the story, Kevin, I'll say you've had a penis extension."
Love lathers up her hair, and as she scrubs away at her black roots, she tells me how her buddy R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe has inspired her to experiment with sleeping with members of her own sex with what she calls his pansexuality. "But I'm more of a fag," she has told me. "I've got the same tastes as fags. I like to suck. I go for the rough-trade boys. I'm a total drag-queen fag."
"Are you a top or a bottom when you sleep with women?" I ask.
"I'm still trying to figure that one out."
"How about heterosexuality? Top or bottom?"
She dips her head back in the water. "Heterosexually I'm a full-out bottom."
"You're probably a bossy bottom," I guess.
"No," she says. "That's Madonna. That's the difference between us. . . . I let men be men. I should let people know this so that then I won't have all these wimpy little boys chasing after me anymore. They keep thinking I'm going to beat the shit out of them. . . . That's one of the misconceptions about my husband that was so fucked up--that he was passive. He wore the pants in a big way."
"So he wasn't bisexual? Some people have even suggested that he was gay."
"He wanted people to believe that. I don't think he was ripping them off, either. He wanted that part of himself to be free, but he didn't go through with that, because that wasn't his preference. . . .I left him with Michael Stipe one night and told him to go explore his cravings. 'Big talker, go on!' I told him. All he'd ever done was kiss some guy in high school and some kid in a club. He came back the next day, and I started screaming, 'What happened?' He said, 'I dunno. It was just weird. Nothing happened, but sort of.' I'll never know. Michael's never told me. . . .I don't know, this whole subject of sleeping with people and going out with somebody. . . . It's been a weird year. A few months ago I really began to 'see the world,' so to speak. . . . .You know, I have a weird Michael Douglas fetish. I love Michael Douglas. He's older. Jewish. Hot. I really want a Jewish prince."
No matter what Love claims, she is interested less in Douglas's ethnicity than in his Hollywood pedigree. She has become increasingly enamored of the idea of becoming an actress.
"My agent kept saying I was a cross between Bette Midler and Madonna," she says, remembering her early foray into Hollywood. "But I kept saying, 'No, I'm not. Fuck you. I'm James Dean. I'm Sean Penn.' " Recently, her movie dreams rekindled, she was hired to play the small part of a waitress in Keanu Reeves's upcoming film Feeling Minnesota. "Kenu is pretty savvy," she says, putting out her cigarette in the tub. "He keeps to himself. . . . During My Own Private Idaho, all those boys were in Portland fucking up big-time." She is referring to the disturbing Gus Van Sant film that starred the late River Phoenix and depicted the deliriously dark lives of northwestern street urchins. "I've gotten real scared that dope--you know, heroin-- has gotten more and more chic with the actors. They don't know how to deal with dope. It's been in my world--rock 'n' roll-- forever. But these are little kids. Little actor-boys. 'Aren't' we cool? We're copping!' Well, no, it's not cool. I remember one night, New Year's Eve 1991 into 1992, Keanu was really trying to make friends with Kurt. . . . but Kurt was being really rude. There were a bunch of fucking Ashley Hamilton rich kids in their rooms, and they were all fucking wasted. We were, too. Kurt finally put a sign on our hotel-room door: NO FAMOUS PEOPLE PLEASE-- WE'RE FUCKING!"
"Courtney, how can drugs be in your life?" I ask her. "Your husband blew his brains out. Dope played a large part in that. Your bass player in Hole OD'd. Your child was almost taken away from you because of allegations about your using heroin during your pregnancy. How can you be around dope, much less use it?"
There was a long pause.
"For me, I've found that accessibility is nine-tenths of the law. . . .Yeah, I was taking drugs for a while after Kurt died. . ." she stands and wraps herself in a white terry-cloth robe. Tying a towel around her wet hair like a turban, she closes her eyes and turns her face toward the late-afternoon light. Scrubbed clean, as she had washed away all the cloying aspects of her personality along with the grime for two weeks of road shows, she sighs and takes in the sun's final inches of warmth. At this moment--as sad and sultry as any Marilyn ever had--the woman is adorned with nothing but her damned beauty
"Come," she commands.
"Courtney is the definition of a star," says David Geffen, who signed Nirvana and Hole to recording deals with his eponymous company. "She both excites people and provokes them. She's on the beat and pulse of the time. Mostly, though, she's talented. . . . Yet I think that being a big star is a very, very damaging experience, so who she will evolve into out of this experience is really a big question mark and can only be dealt with in its time."
"Is part of her appeal the fact that she's the Great White Widow?" I ask him.
"No, I don't think that at all. The fact that she is the widow of Kurt Cobain made life more difficult for her and her record ," says Geffen. "When it came out pretty much at the same time, I think people were hostile to her, and hostile to it, and didn't deal with it on its own terms. The fact that it has nevertheless been this great success is in spite of that, not because of it."
"Courtney is emerging at a time when women in general are becoming important in rock 'n' roll, and she is the primary symbol of that," says Danny Goldberg. "She combatively and assertively identifies herself as a feminist rock singer, and this is at a time when the culture is ripe for that. In some respects she is the most powerful female rock star. I'm not saying she's the best, because there have been so many great ones-- Chrissie Hynde and others. But hers is a kind of cultural power she has that I don't think anyone since Janis Joplin has had. She has the power of real hard rock. It's not middle-of-the-road music. . . . There are many, many artists that get a lot of press and win critics' awards that don't really sell a lot of records. But without selling a million records--which she's going to do with Live Through This --you're not a rock star. You're a cult figure. She's emerging from cult status."
Syndicated rock columnist Lisa Robinson sees Love, ironically, as the latest in a long line of male rockers. "Courtney has that element of danger," says Robinson. "You never know what she's going to do next. We're not used to seeing that in a woman. We're used to seeing that from Jim Morrison, or Iggy Pop, or from Johnny Rotten in the early days of the Sex Pistols. She's a rock star in the sort of unpredictable, volatile way that people voyeuristically expect. But if she had not made a really great record, which she did, none of that would matter."
Robinson's colleagues agree with her. Though Hole's first album, Pretty on the Inside, challenged mainstream audiences with its raw power, Live Through This has crossed over and gained Love and the band the respectability of being not only rock artist but also record-label moneymakers. The rival rock journals Spin and Rolling Stone named Live Through This best album of the year in 1994. In both readers' polls, Love was named best female singer. Hole opened MTV's "Unplugged" series in April of this year. And even The New York Times hailed her as "nobody's victim. On the stage, she is a charismatic and powerful performer, in complete control of her band and her audience."
"There are two rock 'n' roll audiences-- there is the Beavis and Butt-head audience and the R.E.M. audience," Love claims, and she'll have to confront them both when her band becomes one of the star attractions during this summer's Lollapalooza tour. "The R.E.M. audience is older. They're like the Sarah McLachlan audience. You've got to have Beavis and Butt-head crowd, but it's really hard to train Bevis and Butt-headers to understand that girls can play rock. . . . Rock is all about writing your own script; it's all about pioneering."
"There's never been a woman quite like her before in rock," says music critic Jim Farber of the New York Daily News. "The really great show I saw her do was the one at the Academy last September in New York for the college media. At the end she did 'In the Pines,' the old Leadbelly blues number that Kurt Cobain had done at the end of his MTV Unplugged performance. It's a mythic blues song about sexuality and longing and jealousy and loss--all the blues themes that are very erotic. She sang it as brilliantly as he did; then she dove into the audience and kind of sank to the bottom. You really didn't know whether she was going to resurface. It was like this Suddenly, Last Summer thing. You really wondered, Are they going to devour her? And then there was this resurrection when she came up again. It really had that drama. . . . The only women who have come close to her are marginalized women. Lydia Lunch is certainly out here. And Diamanda Galas. But they have very all audiences. Courtney is someone who has barged her way into the mainstream, blaring all the way. . . . and yet there just is this. . . this. . . tragedy all around."
It began early.
"I am conceived out of a really bad situation," Love claims, and proceeds to give a rather frightening portrait of her father, who at the time was a San Fransico hippie hanging around the Haight; indeed, the renowned district is, in addition to all its other connotations, a heartbreaking homophone for the very emotion she still feels for the man. Love's mother was already pregnant wit her when her parents married, but they divorced only a few months after her birth in 1965. Her father, Hank Harrison, was a Grateful Dead disciple. Her mother, Linda Caroll, is now a therapist living in Oregon whose latest claim to fame was talking radical fugitive Katherine Ann Power, who had been on the run for two decades, into finally turning herself in to the authorities in 1993.
A court rules that Courtney's father was not to see her unsupervised until she was grown, according to her mother, who remarried several times. Courtney has the teenage half-brothers and two half-sisters-a social worker and a law student-from those marriages, but her early childhood was one of aching loneliness. "I was practically autistic my whole childhood," she says now about those years she spent at home before, shockingly enough, striking out on her own at the earliest of teenage years, supported by a small trust fund from her maternal grandmother.
"What Courtney has in her she came with," says Linda Carroll, who is speaking publicly about her daughter for the first time. "The reason that I'm a therapist is that I began taking her to therapists by the time she was two, and could really find so little help and empathy for both of us in the people I went to. She was in so much pain. And that manifested itself ever since she was a little girl in ways which I had no idea of any way to help her except to love her and hold her. When I started taking her to therapists, one of the awful things that happened was they began to pathologize her, which is what psychology has done with what they don't understand. I think that Courtney came with a tremendous sense of pain in her.... She's not any different than she was when she was two years old.....Yet there were times, even as a small child, she would be really, deeply touched by something. And when that would happen, it was as though every part of her went soft for a little while-including her heart. Even then she was touched by oppression and pain. It was a part of her that I think was genuinely touched by Kurt. They were very alike. I don't know if this is true, because I didn't know Kurt when he was only two, but I suspect that Kurt was pretty different until he was about 9 or 10. I don't think Courtney was. I think she has carried this grief longer, and maybe that's why she's a survivor, because she came with it and she had to learn how to survive with it from the beginning....Strangely enough, she was an absolutely, unimaginable calm and happy baby. She hardly cried."
"How could you allow your daughter to leave home at such a young age?" I ask. "What was it like for you?"
"It was horrendous. Unbearable. Horrible. But Courtney is not containable. She was never containable....My deepest fear about her is that what always made her life so torturous-this kind of psychic pain-is what is making her famous, and that ultimately has got to be so wounding. Her fame is not about being beautiful and brilliant, which she is. It's about speaking in the voice of the anguish of the world."
"What is one of the clearest memories you have of her?"
"When she was in second grade in Eugene, Oregon, she was having a lot of nightmares. I had no idea what to do. I took her to a psychiatrist just to try to find some way to bring her some solace. The psychiatrist said part of the problem with her was that she needed to join Girl Scouts," Carroll recalls, laughing lightly now at such a thought. "She needed to be in normal kid activities. I dutifully went to a Brownies meeting with her....I could tell it was really hard for her to be in this room with all these kids. The person who was the Brownies leader suggested they have an art show. She asked all the kids to draw something. The things that Courtney drew were always startling. She didn't draw sunsets and apples trees. She would draw sort of...wounded figures. I can still see her that day-her little face so intense with those crayons. At the end of that, the teacher told the troop that they were going to see what drawing they liked the most by holding them up one by one and everyone applauding. I knew that this would be terrible for her. When it got to hers, she just grabbed it and ran over to me, and we left. At that time, when a child was exhibiting the kind of pain Courtney was exhibiting-a lot of nightmares and a lot of crying and hating school and hating everything -the treatment was pretty much to try and make that child what they called 'normalized' rather that saying, What kind of creature is this, and how can we make her be O.K. with who she is? That whole belief system was really awful for her."
It was so awful that Love fled as soon as she could. Her early life took her all over the globe. With her mother and stepfather, she moved to New Zealand, then back to America. By the time she was 12, she had landed in reform school because of stealing, and from then on, with her trust fund, she basically lived on her own by her increasingly well-honed wits in a number of American cities and foreign countries, including Japan, where as a 14-year-old she worked as a stripper; Ireland, where she hung around Trinity College; Liverpool, where she infiltered the rock scene; Taiwan, where she stripped again; Hollywood, where she stumbled her first attempts at screen stardom; New York, where she hung out in clubs and continued to rock; Minneapolis, where she rocked some more; Alaska, where she appeared in Alex Cox's unwatchable film, Straight to Hell, after having already had a bit part in his acclaimed Sid and Nancy. If any place could be called home base, it was Portland, Oregon. "My Own Private Idaho is the story of my early adolescence," she says with perverse pride.
No matter how lonely or broke, Love has always maintained her survival instincts and steeled herself against the vagaries of life with an innate stoicism. It is a stoicism, in fact, that she has passed on to Frances Bean, who displays it in all her alarming, lovely innocence. "Frances is an amazing little kid," says Rosemary Carroll (no relation to Love's mother), who is not only Love's lawyer but also the wife of Warner's Danny Goldberg. "She's so preternaturally adult . My daughter, Katie, is about two years older than Frances. At Christmastime, Danny and I took Katie and Frances to see A Christmas Carol. We came home, and the kids were playing, and they got in a fight, as kids do. My daughter tends to be a... well, 'brat' is one word that other people have used." Carroll says, laughing. "Anyway, she said, 'Frances, I hate you!' She threw down a doll and stormed out of the room. The normal reaction is for the kid who is left standing there to start crying, especially if your mom or you nanny isn't there. Frances did not bat an eye.
Love removes a key from the pocket of her terry-cloth robe. She slips it into the lock, takes a deep breath, and leads me into the greenhouse above the garage. Adjusting her toweled turban, she sits on a multi-legged wooden stool with a plaque on it that reads, NOW YOU HAVE MANY LEGS TO STAND ON. The last of the sun filters through the skylights and laces her face. She is as silent as the orchids that surround us.
"This is where my husband dies," she finally says.
"Thought I know Kurt was in a lot of pain, I still think suicide is a mean and selfish act," I tell her.
"It's a fuck-you thing to do. I've felt it many times...There's nothing more embarrassing than telling everybody you're fine and then calling the suicide hot line and having the police kick down your door," she confesses, recalling the night she claims she made such a call and was horrified to find that it had been traced. "They've turned it into a whole new category: 'Rock Stars Most Likely to Die This Year.' I think I was No. 1 ...The American public really does have a death wish for me. They want me to die. I'm not going to die."
"I know you got a lot of grief for it, but I felt your anger was justified that day when you read his suicide note on the tape that was played for his mourners here in Seattle."
"I was raw," she says simply. "I had blood on my hands."
"Figuratively or literally?"
"Literally . I was out here for three days. Alone. I wouldn't let anybody come near me. They tried to drag me out, but I was, like, Fuck you! I found another gun and was screaming, 'Get out!' Then they left me alone." She will write me later, "I was n ot a heroin addict at that time, neither was Kurt, though he was abusing it in ways hitherto unseen ever by me. Mixing it, synergizing it, yet I've mixed it since he dies and never gotten wasted like that."
"How do you ever get over something like this, Courtney?" I ask her as the last light fades from the greenhouse.
"Time. That's all there is. Time."
"I know there was the famous incident in Rome when he OD'd and was in a coma and you had to rush him to the hospital. But that wasn't the only time he'd done it. You saved him as many times as you could."
"There's no reason for somebody to die if there's someone else around," she says.
We sit in silence
She does not bat an eye.
'Do you think in some paradoxical way the reason you and Kurt connected so much was that he was the female version of you and you were the male version of him?" I ask Love on another occasion.
"That's definitely true," she agrees. "I am definitely woman, and he was very much man, but the qualities were reversed at times, yes... My gynecologist tells me that I have too much testosterone, and he wants to put me on the Pill, because it will even out my estrogen. It's, like, Look, I'm all woman, but if I were on estrogen, I don't think I'd be me . I'd turn into this big femme creature."
She is certainly this big femme creature when she arrives at Vanity Fair's Oscar party at Mortons restaurant in Los Angeles with her good friend Amanda de Cadenet, the wife of Duran Duran's John Taylor, who will appear in Allison Ander's segment of the anthology film Four Rooms as the goddess that a coterie of witches-which includes Madonna-attempts to conjure. Wearing matching cream silk lingerie-like gowns and rhinestone tiaras, the two soak up more attention that the movie stars mingling around them. "The way to get Best Dressed at the Oscars," Love tells me, "is always, always , always to wear Marilyn white silk charmeuse. Period. That's it. I wanted to prove a point: that grunge is not dead. You don't have to go out and get a fucking Vera Wang that looks like shit and spend three grand on it."
The media lined up behind velvet ropes go into a flashing frenzy when Love and de Cadenet step from their car, and later, when I introduce Love to Barbara Walters, the newwoman insits tha tthe two must have lunch the nest time Love is in Manhattan, to discuss doing an interview. "Barbara Walters knows wo I am?" an awed Love asks as we walk aways. "Shit! I must be famous."
"Courtney is very strong-wiled and not afraid," says d Cadenet, who met her at a party where Love was wioth Billy Corgan of Smshing Pumpkins, Love's favorite man in rock. "I tend to be a bit like that tooo, but that can work to your detriemtn, because people think you're just loud and obnoxious when it's just having a point of view... People are intimitaded by a woman who has an opinion. I hosted a show in England called The Word , and Kurt appeared on it. The first time I ever heard of her was when he said, 'Courtney Love is the best fuck in the world!' I thoguht, Hey, I thought I was. Who is this woman?...Rocksters spend a lot of time debating whether she's a junkie, or she's a bad mom, or did Kurt write her lat album. Gossip focuses on th enegative. But that fuels her. The more you hate her, or lsap her off, that inspires her. She takes all that stuff and puts itin her work. That's something reallty important that I like about her."
The two ladies are on their best behavior tonight. In fact, later, when I accompany Jessica Lange to the Pulp Fiction party at Chasen's to continue celebrating her Oscar win, we run into Love, who is holding to her breast a clutch of astonishing prtraits of Frances Bean just given to her by photographer Herb Ritts. I introduce the two of them, and Lange moves her Oscar over and spreads a few of the photos out on the table. Kneeling at the booth, Love asks Lange's advice not about acting but about motherhoood. As de Cabenet arrives to lead Love away to yet someone else who wats to meet her, Lange, who has just finished filming A Streetcar Named Desire for CBS, leans over to me and shispers, "My God, that was Blanche DuBois."
'How do you want me to introduce you?" the real-estate agent asks as we are driven in a gold Rolls-Royce toward the Garden District in New Orleans.
"Courtney Love Cobain," she says curtly, lighting a Camel. She is at her grouwn-up finest this afternoon, determined to find a house in only a few hours so that she can come down here after Lollapalooza and write her next album, which she plans to call Celebrity Skin . "Because I've touched so much of it," she tells me. She has her hair swept up on her head like a punk Ivana. A pink suit rides high on her white-stockinged thighs. Her amkeup is perfectly applied; still, retrieving a Chanel compact, she checks her lipstick yet again. "$1.8 milion is a martgage for me, honey," she says to the agent without moving he rlips as she reddens them even more. "$600,000 is cash."
As we pass masion after amnsion Love points out what she likes and doesn't like. Bob Dylan has a home down here. Peter Buck of R.E.M. has bought one in the Frnch Quarter. Her buddy Brad Pitt has reportadly been looking at one of the city's most sought -after properties. Even Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, which Hole toured with last summer, has begun renovating a historic home. The fact that Reznor, who fueled a rock fued with Love when he called her a "maipulator and careerist" in print, is making the move hasn't dterred Love from trying to find her own house in the neighborhood.
"Yeah, I fucked Reznor, but it wasn't that great of an experience," she tells me later, after we've looked at a few houses. "I was slumming...Simone de Beauvoir in The Second Sex wrote about this thing called sexual valuation, meaning you are who you fuck. You cannot get back at a man that way, but a man can get back at a woman by sexually devaluating her." Bored with the subject, she turns her attention to more important matters. "I want witches and vampires! I need some demon possession!" she screams at the real-estate agent, in the front seat. "That last house you showed me was too damn clean!"
A rambling old mansion across from Anne Rice's house is closer to Love's taste, but it would require too much work. "I'm sorry I'm so picky," she sighs as we climb back into the Rolls, "but I had a subscription to Architectural Digest before I had one to Ms. magazine.... The one thing I didn't like about that other house was that the garden was way too pristine. I'm really good with gardens. I'd love to rip that garden out and make it a really decadent old-style New Orleans garden. Lots and lots of jasmine. Wild roses. Trellises....And then I've got some wonderful poppies and poppy bulbs..."
"We're losing our daylight," the agent tells her.
"That's when I like it here. I like it when it gets dark....I don't know, though do you tink this is a good place to raise a kid?" she lights another Camel and, sliding down on the backseat, sticks her pink pumps out the open window. "Do you know that Mississippi John Hurt song?" she asks me, then begins to growl off-key as the sun squats lower in the Louisianna sky. "Angles take him away, oh, Lord," she sings, her feet dangling in the breeze, smoke devilishly lurking about her face. "Angels took him away..."
'Bean! " that voice calls out in all its ragged glory on yet another afternoon back in Seattle. "Beeeean!"
The detritus of Love's troubled life spills onto the floor from every corner of the bedroom she once shared with Cobain. Old magazine articles. Books. Cobain's guitars. Fiercely scribbles faxes. An array of CD's. Videos. Raded snapshots. Christmas decorations from last December still hang on the mantel. One of Cobain's Jesuses, this one a Technicolor postcard, is tied to the headboard of the bed, the divince eyes rolled heavenward. A tarnished silver tea service sits on the mussed, stained sheets next to a portable computer Love uses for her ingamous America Online conversations with her fans and detractors. (In April, the Hole forum was suspended-one of the rare times America Online has ever deleted a folder from one of its message boards-because of violations, including a threatening message that was sent in.) The bedroom dorr is even splintered from her kicking on it when Cobain locked himself in her during one of his suicidal depressions.
"Bean! "
Frances Bean, her nanny chasing after her, come running into Love's bedroom and into her mother's arms.
"If you were telling Frances Bean a story about her own life that began 'Once upon a time,' how would how would you finsih it?" I ask.
"Once upon a time," Love begins, watching Frances Bean inspect a heartshaped pillow with a needle and thread left in it, "you were the first of your generation. Ignore everything else that went on before you."
The child attemts to finosh sewing up the heart.
"Frances, be careful," Love warns, taking the pillow away. "Tht's a needle. It can hurt you."
Frances Bean pulls at another pillow, a half-moon shaped one behind her mother's neck on the back of the chair. "This was Daddy's," she tells her daughter. "You want to lay down on Daddy's pillow?" The child nods yes, takes the crescent of foam from her mtoher, and places it on Love's chest. She gently rests her head there.
"Who's that?" Love asks, stroking Frances Bean's hair and pointing to a ceramic angel on the bedside table.
"Daddy," the child responds, rubbing her face against the pillow. "Meow, " she moans, mimicking a cat. "Meow."
"That's what the kitty says. And what does a doggy say?" Love asks.
"Woof, woof, woof! !" Frances Bean barks.
"And what does Frances Bean say?" I ask.
The child lifts her head from her mother's pilowed chest, then raises her hands in the air like claws. Suddenly she begins to growl in a voice as terrifying grizzled as any angry, grunge-encrusted rocker's. "Arrrgggrrr! " she lets loose.
Love pretneds to be scared and hides her face in her hands.
Frances Bean laughs at her mother's fright and growls again.
"Arrrgggrrr! "
Love hides her face.
"Arrrgggrrr! "
Surprising Frances Bean, Love ferociously begins to growl right back. "Arrrgggrrr! " she goes, mimicking her daughte's inherent Kurt-like-cry. "Arrrgggrrr! "
Frances Bean stops her laughter.
"Don't scream. Don't scream, Mommy."
Love stops her cry.
The child places her tiny hands on her mother's cheeks. "We be 