

You burn on my skin
But I'm in love with your chemicals
My good side is losing
We go hard like we're animals

Ooh tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
You burn on my skin
But I'm in love with your chemicals
I'm in love with your chemicals
Oh, tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
Oh, tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
You might also like
Step up in the party like me halluh
If you ain't living then you dying, that's my motto
The sun goes down (you know)
The moon come up (yuh)
Everybody gets lit (we lit)
And the room fills up (Yeah)
All the money that I made
Don't compare to these memories
Let's live a life with no enemies
It's the purest from of living free
WAKA

They say that I'm lost
I don't care, I don't mind
If I go down I'd rather be high
If this is bad, I don't wanna be better
It's getting realer, yeah I'm ready for your crazy
Take me high, lift me up till I'm faded
I know you're poison but I gotta gotta taste it
(taste it)
Oh, yeah

You burn on my skin
But I'm in love with your chemicals
My good side is losing
Yeah we go hard like we're animals
Ooh tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
You burn on my skin
But I'm in love with your chemicals
I'm in love with your chemicals
Oh, tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
Oh, tonight we're making gold
Watch how we glow
Watch how we glow
Watch how we glow
Watch how we 
1 ContributorBelieve In You (Extended Mix) LyricsNo need to promise
To me to bend not go
'Cause I'll still be there
When you are grey and dull
Your senses, unstable
There's always more to see behind your eyes
So breathe in and breathe easy
It breaks my heart to watch you when you cry
And I cry
'Cause I believe, believe, believe in you
And in time be away from here away with you
And I, I will be thеre to comfort you
'Cause I beliеve, believe, believe in you
Desires violent
But it is quiet in me
Love you in silence
Won't hurt to leave you be
You're peaceful, impatient
You take all of the chaos in your stride
I breathe in and breathe easy
I'll never let you see what's in my mind
My mind
You might also like'Cause I believe, believe, believe in you
And we, we will believe and I'll pull through
And I, I will be there to comfort you
'Cause I believe, believe, believe in 

Kuvira: Today, we stand on the precipice of history. For the past three years,  we've fought side by side to unite the Earth Empire and we've proven that no one can stand in our way,  not even the Avatar. But our mission is not yet complete.

Kuvira:  There is a grave injustice that must be corrected. As you all know, after the Hundred Year War, Avatar Aang,  along with Fire Lord Zuko, stole Earth Empire land and formed the United Republic.  This land belongs to the people of the Earth Empire and it's time to take it back! Republic City will be ours!

Soldiers: All hail the Great Uniter!

Kuvira: Are you ready to show the world what a true superpower looks like?
Baatar Jr.:  Yes. I'm honored to march into the city by your side.  I love you, Kuvira.
Kuvira: I never could have done this without your help. After we claim victory, we can finally get married  and rule our empire together.

Korra: How's the evacuation coming?
Wu: Could be better.  At this point we've evacuated almost ...  eighteen families.
Korra:  Only eighteen? There are millions of people in this city!
Wu: I said it could be better.
Mako: The problem is, it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't very many volunteers. They just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger.

Bolin: Guys! Good, you're all here!
Raiko:  What's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time?
Korra:  Su ... what are you ... you're okay!  I'm so sorry about Zaofu. How did you escape?
Bolin: Opal, Beifong, and I rescued everyone. But we had a run in with Kuvira. We saw her super spirit weapon up close. Like, really close. Way too close.
Tenzin: Is she going to use it against Republic City?
Zhu Li: Yes. I found out she's going to attack in two weeks.
Bolin: Ooh! And Zhu Li's on our side now. Actually, she never really switched sides and I'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing. Zhu Li?
Zhu Li:  I pretended to be loyal to Kuvira so I could sabotage her weapon. It didn't work, but I did overhear her plans to attack.
Raiko:  I knew she wouldn't stop at Zaofu.
Lin: My guess is, she's coming by rail. It's the only way she can transport that weapon.
Korra: Then we'll cut the rail lines.
Raiko: I agree. But let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do.  Put out the announcement. The evacuation is now mandatory.
Mako:  We're on it.
Korra: Don't worry Mr. President. I won't let Kuvira take our city.

Varrick: Weld hotter! Tighten tighter!  The president said we only have two weeks to get these hummingbirds humming!

Bolin: Varrick! Good, you're here.  Can I talk to you for a minute?
Varrick:  What is it? I'm busy inspiring my workers.
Bolin: Well, I went to Zaofu and saved Su and her family ... and guess who else we found?  Ha!

Varrick: Zhu Li.
Bolin:  Now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her? Hmm?
Zhu Li:  Please, let me go first. I know I said a lot of terrible things about you in front of Kuvira. But I need you to know ...  I didn't mean one word. When you were being taken away, I thought my only chance to save you was to join her.  But every day, I hoped for the chance to see you again and tell you the truth.  Varrick, you mean the world to me and I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way.
Varrick:  Don't be so hard on yourself.  Apology accepted! Now be a good assistant and  man the assembly line!
Zhu Li:  No! I am not your assistant anymore.  If you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal!
[She walks off, leaving Varrick standing bent backward, while Bolin stands by in silence. When Varrick straightens up and shrugs, Bolin smacks his own forehead.
Cut to a radio operating room, with a close-up of a switchboard. An operator plugs in one of the cables into another line.]
Radio operator:  We're patched into the emergency broadcast line.  You're going out to every radio in the city.
Mako:  Attention citizens of Republic City. This is not a test.  An attack on our city is imminent. President Raiko has ordered a mandatory evacuation for all citizens. Please find  your evacuation handbooks and turn to  subsection one-dash-two-six.  There you will find initial instructions for your area. For example, if you live in northwest vector one, report to your primary meeting location,  which would be at the eastern entrance of the Southern Water Tribe library.  There, you would choose a leader as specified in section one-dash-two-eight. 
Radio operator:  Uh, Chief,  we're getting confused calls from all over the city. I think Mako's starting a panic.
Mako: What's confusing?  I'm giving very specific instructions.
Lin:  Great, this is just what we need.
Wu: I got this.  Hello, everyone, this is Prince Wu. Now, I know you're all a little scared. Believe me, I know what it's like to be afraid. I used to not be able to go to the bathroom by myself. But if we let that fear control us  none of us will ever be able to go to the bathroom and then we all lose.  But the people of Republic City aren't losers, we're winners.  Winners that are going to  get out of this city in a calm and orderly fashion.  So I want you to grab your family, grab your neighbor  grab that guy down the street you don't know very well and head to the nearest bus,  train or ferry station.  We're going to get you out of here, safe and sound.

Lin:  Good job, kid.  You might not make such a bad king after all.
[Wu looks at her, though when Mako places a hand on his shoulder, he turns to look at his bodyguard with a proud expression.
Cut to Air Temple Island where Tenzin opens a door and walks into a room.]
Tenzin: Rohan's with the Acolytes. They have the boat ready to leave.  Why aren't you all packed yet?
Pema:  The kids and I have been talking and we decided we want to stay. This is our city and it's going to need all the help it can get.
Meelo:  Yeah! Only a coward flees his fate.
Tenzin:  Thank you.  I'm sure Prince Wu could use your help with the evacuation.  And you three can help the other airbenders keep an eye on the Earth Empire troops from above.
Meelo:  Kuvira's gonna rue the day she messed with  Meelo.
[Jinora glances off to the side at this statement.
Cut to the outside of Republic City station. Satomobiles are scattered everywhere and airships fly above. Transition inside to a long line of evacuees waiting to board the trains. Fade to Wu and Pema directing evacuees. Cut to Yue Bay at nighttime, where the United Forces Navy and several airships are approaching Republic City. Cut to an overview of the bay and the city. Switch to a side-shot of General Iroh standing at the bow of a battleship. Cut to another aerial shot of the city and the incoming United Forces Army. The night shot transitions to daytime and the troops have scattered across the bay and city. Several shots transition between night and day to show the emptying of the city. Cut to a side-shot of a group of advancing mecha tanks who take up positions in front the gathered battalions of infantry troops at the outskirts of the city, the rising sun in their back. Several lines of barbed wire are positioned in front of the assembled troops.
Cut to Air Temple Island, to the base of the tower; the shot pans up.]
Raiko:  I still don't like having to abandon my office in the city.

Lin: Air Temple Island is the ideal location for your base of operations and you'll be safe here.
Korra:  There's something we need to discuss with you.
Tenzin: What is it?
Korra:  The four of us have been talking and ... we wanna take out Kuvira's spirit weapon before it gets too close to the city.
Tenzin:  That sounds like a risk we don't need to take. The evacuation is on schedule and General Iroh is getting his army in place.
Korra:  I know Iroh can go toe-to-toe with Kuvira's army, but that weapon ...
Bolin: It's too powerful! It can destroy the city.
Mako: We can't let it get to our doorstep.
Korra: We'll sneak behind enemy lines and disable the weapon.
Asami: If it works, it'll even the playing field.
Tenzin: But if you get caught ...
Korra: It's worth the risk.
Raiko:  I agree, and it might be our only shot at preventing an all-out war.  Good luck.
Korra:  We'll head out tonight.

Sentry: There's something out there!

Sentry:  It's Kuvira's army!  They're a week early! Get the commander immediately and radio Republic City!
[As the second guard turns to execute the orders, he is halted when a loud crash is heard and the ground shakes. He turns toward the sound and the view cuts to the incoming army, though now the legs of an enormous mecha suit are visible behind the tanks, dwarfing them in comparison. The shot pans up to reveal the upper body of the humanoid colossus as it raises its arms, accompanied by a loud sound of mechanical equipment, and prepares the spirit energy cannon attached to its right arm. As the tip of the barrel starts to glow purple, the shot cuts back to the a side-view of the shocked sentries. Cut to a far off shot of the enormous mecha suit as the energy beam is fired. Cut to a side-shot of the outpost as the purple beam of energy hits it directly and is hidden from view by a flash of brilliant white light. When the light fades, the outpost is in rubbles and burning. Cut to the colossal mecha suit as it lowers its arms, flames licking the air in the foreground.
Cut to morning in the mountains. A flying bison soars through the air, groaning. Cut to its saddle, where Bolin is peering through a telescope, while Asami and Mako are surveying their surroundings with the naked eye. As Bolin directs his attention to his left, he gasps in surprise, drawing everyone's attention.]
Bolin: Guys! I see something.  Down there! 
Asami: Is that – ?
Korra: Kuvira.  She's already crossed into United Republic territory. She's a week early.
Mako: This doesn't make sense.  There aren't any train tracks this way. How are they transporting that super weapon of theirs? 
Asami: Apparently on a giant mecha suit!

Mako:  Did you know Kuvira was building that thing?
Bolin:  Oh, did I forget to mention it? No, of course I didn't know!

Mecha operator: There's a flying bison up ahead.
Kuvira: The Avatar. 
Bolin:  I know what happens next! We gotta get out of here, now! Now! 
Baatar Jr.: Should we go after them? They're going to warn Republic City.
Kuvira:  Let them. No one can stop us.

Tenzin: Korra? Are you all right? Why are you back so soon?
Korra: It's Kuvira. Our intel was wrong. She must have known Zhu Li had the information.
Raiko: What are you trying to say?
Korra: Kuvira's army is only a few hours away.
Tenzin: No, they can't be! We're not ready.
Korra: And that spirit weapon of hers is attached to a giant mecha suit. It's over twenty-five stories tall!
Raiko:  Get General Iroh on the line and tell him that the attack is happening today. We need to lock down the city. 
Tenzin: Pema! Find Wu and get the remaining citizens to safety, immediately.  We can't have innocent lives in jeopardy.
Bolin: What should we do?
Asami: Let's go to my factory. Maybe we can get a few of those hummingbird suits up and running.
Suyin: We're coming with you. 
Korra: I'll head to the front lines and help General Iroh.
[Cut to a distant shot of the city from the air, followed by a shot of a number of airbenders mounting buildings in preparation for the attack. In a zoom on the top of one of the buildings, Kai, Jinora, Tenzin, Meelo, Ikki, and Bumi, along with another airbender, are seen staring into the distance. Another switch of shot shows a birds-eye view from above the buildings looking out onto the field where the army waits for Kuvira's arrival. Cut to a rotating still of Wu in the train station, directing people; another shot shows Wu and Pema as a crowd of people pours past them onto a waiting train; yet another set of shots shows Lin and Raiko in his new office on Air Temple Island, as they stare out the window at the city in the distance.
Cut to the field of fortification. Three fences of tank traps and barbed wire stretch across the shot as the army waits behind it. A quick cut to General Iroh and Korra standing together in silence is accompanied by a distant crash. The shot cuts out to an aerial shot facing toward the mountains as more crashes are heard in the distance. Suddenly the shot zooms wildly on the colossal mecha as it emerges from behind a hill. After another close-up shot of the mecha, the shot cuts to its cockpit, where a determined-looking Kuvira stands, staring unblinkingly at her objective. Two separate shots show the shock and disbelief on the faces of the airbenders, Lin, and Raiko. The mecha comes to a stop just in front of the barbed-wire fencing; a distant shot shows the mecha towering over its opponents, an airship floating just behind it. Quick cut to Iroh and Korra; Iroh, like the others, looks shocked, while Korra simply looks defiant. Cut to Raiko's office as he tunes a radio to a proper frequency and speaks into the microphone at his desk.]
Raiko: Kuvira, this is President Raiko. I order you to stand down. Turn your army around and leave.
Kuvira:  You're in no position to give orders.
Raiko:  Stand down, or we will attack!
Kuvira: I don't think you understand the power I possess.  Let me make it clear.

Varrick:  This is exactly why I didn't wanna build that weapon!

Iroh:  Mister President, do I have your order to engage?
Kuvira:  You have three seconds before I wipe out your army.

Raiko: I have no choice.
Kuvira:  Time's up!
Raiko: Stop! We surrender. Republic City is yours.

Kuvira: Good. Turn your army and the Avatar over to me, and give Baatar your location.  He'll present you with our terms.
Korra:  I'm not surrendering!
Iroh: Get back to the city before she sees you. And Korra --  --find a way to beat that thing.
Korra:  I will.

Baatar Jr.: We've done it, Kuvira.  And I just got word that President Raiko is on Air Temple Island. I'm heading there now.

Korra: Raiko surrendered.  It's down to us now.
Bolin:  How are we supposed to fight an entire army, a mecha giant, and that crazy weapon?
Asami: We can't fight it, but maybe we can cripple it.  Zhu Li, when you were spying on Kuvira, did you learn anything about that metal monster?
Zhu Li: I had no idea they were even building it.
Varrick: Guess Baatar Jr. is a better inventor than I thought.  Don't tell him I said that.
Korra:  That's it! Baatar Jr. built it, he'll know how to take it down! I say we capture him, and get him to talk.
Tenzin: Hmm ...
Korra:  I know it's a long shot, but it's the only chance we have, and if we don't ...
Tenzin:  Korra, I'm in.
Korra: We'll need a stealth team of airbenders to get in and out of Baatar's airship unnoticed. Tenzin, Bumi, Jinora, Kai, let's get moving.
Meelo:  What about me?
Korra:  Sorry, buddy. This mission counts on everyone being as silent as possible -  - and your farts are just too much of a wild card.
Meelo:  I can be quiet!  Okay, point taken.

Korra: Is everyone ready?
[The airbenders all nod their heads. Korra rises to her feet and jumps over the side of the saddle with her glider in hand, the airbenders following her one by one. The frame switches to show them gliding swiftly downward through the air toward the airship. Korra runs up to the hatch leading to the airship's interior as they land, using metalbending to destroy the latch and flipping the hatch open. She silently motions for Bumi and Tenzin to drop in, and Korra follows them through the open hatch, leaving Kai and Jinora to keep watch on the top of the airship. Cut to the interior, where a guard walks down a deserted hallway within the airship. As he passes a empty doorway filled with red light, Korra pokes her head around the threshold and, after a few seconds, motions for the two airbenders to follow her again. The shot shows the three of them tiptoeing down another deserted corridor before coming to a stop at a corner. On the other side is Baatar Jr., inputting a passcode into a security door. The doors open and Baatar walks through; as the doors close, Korra jumps from her cover, metalbending the doors into an open position. As Tenzin and Bumi rush into the room, Baatar's shocked yell can be heard offscreen. There is a noise of Baatar struggling vainly to escape before he is slammed into a thick glass window with a gag over his mouth. Korra and Tenzin hold him in place as Bumi pulls a large sack over his body. The next shot, at the top of the airship, shows the sack containing Baatar Jr. being airbent out of the small hatch, making desperate noises behind his gag; Kai and Jinora catch him as the other climb out of the airship. The final shot of the capture shows Tenzin and Bumi carrying Baatar Jr. between themselves, gliding back toward the city as Kai, Jinora and Korra follow behind.
Cut to Varrick's warehouse; after a brief exterior shot, the scene cuts inside, where a gagged Baatar Jr. sits regarding his captors with a glare of utter, burning dislike. Korra walks over to him and removes his gag; he gasps for air for a moment before speaking.]
Baatar Jr.: You've made a terrible mistake.  Once Kuvira finds out I'm missing, you're all done for.
Korra: That's why, before she finds out, you're going to tell us how to stop that mecha giant, or else.
Baatar Jr.: Or else what?

Baatar Jr.:  You won't hurt me. I know an empty threat when I see one.

Baatar Jr.: Was this your best idea?  You've lost, only you haven't accepted it yet.

Suyin: Let me talk to him.

Soldier #1: Are you sure?
Soldier #2: Check the engine room.
Raiko:  What's going on? Is everything all right?
Soldier #3:  Just a minute, sir.  I'm telling you, I looked everywhere.
Lin:  All right, enough whispering!
Raiko: I'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with Baatar Jr. Where is he?
Soldier #3: Uh ... I'm not really sure.

Suyin: Baatar --
Baatar Jr.: If you think I'm going to spill all my secrets to you, Mother, you're sadly mistaken.
Suyin: Why are you doing this? I know you set out to help better the world, but this is madness!
Baatar Jr.: It's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly! The United Republic belongs to us, and we're taking it back.
Suyin: But at what cost? How many people have to lose their lives before Kuvira is satisfied?
Baatar Jr.:  It doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender! All that Kuvira and I want is a united Earth Empire!
Suyin:  I don't know what I did to hurt you, but whatever it was, I'm sorry. When you left Zaofu, it broke my heart --  -- and our family has never been the same since. Please, Baatar -- stop all this and come home.  We want you back with us.
Baatar Jr.:  Kuvira is my family now.

Korra: We've been going about his all wrong.  You're right. I'm not gonna physically hurt you if you don't talk. But there is something I could do that will be even more painful.  I will take away the one thing you care for the most ... Kuvira.

Baatar Jr.: What do you mean?
Korra: Kuvira might win. She might chase us out of the city. But you won't be around to enjoy the victory. Because wherever I run, I'll take you. I am going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again.  Is taking the city worth losing Kuvira forever?
Baatar Jr.:  No! You can't!
Korra: I will ... unless you convince Kuvira to back off. You two will still have the Earth Empire. Just leave the United Republic alone.

Soldier #4: It's Kuvira. She wants to talk to Baatar. What should I tell her?

Raiko: For goodness' sake, give me that radio! Let me talk to her.

Raiko: Kuvira, this is Raiko. What kind of game are you playing? You told me you would send Baatar over with your terms, and then he doesn't show.
Kuvira:  What do you mean, "he didn't show"?
Raiko: According to your people, he's not on the airship.
Kuvira:  If he's not on the airship, then where is he?

Baatar Jr.:  Kuvira? It's Baatar.  I've been captured. My airship was ambushed and I was taken by force. Korra refuses to release me unless we back down and leave the city.
Kuvira:  Are you injured?
Baatar Jr.:  I'm fine.
Kuvira: Is the Avatar there with you now?
Baatar Jr.: Yes, everyone is here.

Kuvira: Find out where that signal's coming from.

Baatar Jr.: Listen to me.  If you try to take Republic City, the Avatar will never let me see you again ... and I refuse to live that way.  Forget the United Republic; we have our empire! We have each other!  Let's go back home and get married. The only thing that matters is that we're together for the rest of our lives.

Mecha operator: We've identified their position.

Kuvira: You're right. This city isn't worth sacrificing our life together.  I love you, Baatar.

Korra: As soon as we work out terms with Kuvira, we'll let you out of here.

Mako:  Guys! She must have our location! She's pointing that weapon right at us!
Baatar Jr.:  No! She wouldn't!

Korra: Everyone out! Now! Now!

Raiko:  No!
Lin:  Keep the president safe! I'm going to check for survivors.

Embed