

When you send it flyin' up there
All at once you're lighter than air
You can dance on the breeze
Over houses and trees
With your fist holding tight
To the string of your kite

Oh, oh, oh
Let's go fly a kite
Up to the highest height
Let's go fly a kite
And send it soaring up through the atmosphere
Up where the air is clear
Oh, let's go fly a kiteYou might also 

Dear, it's about the children...

Yes, yes, yes
I run my home precisely on schedule
At 6:01, I march through my door
My slippers, sherry, and pipe are due at 6:02
Consistent is the life I lead!

George, they're missing!

Splendid, splendid
It's grand to be an Englishman in 1910
King Edward's on the throne; it's the age of men
I'm the lord of my castle, the sov'reign, the liege!
I treat my subjects--servants, children, wife
With a firm but gentle hand, noblesse oblige!
You might also likeIt's 6:03 and the heirs to my dominion
Are scrubbed and tubbed and adequately fed
And so I'll pat them on the head and send them off to bed
Ah, lordly is the life I lead!
A British nanny must be a gen'ral
The future empire lies within her hands
And so the person that we need to mold the breed
Is a nanny who can give commands!
You getting this, Winifred?

Oh yes, dear, every word!

A British bank is run with precision
A British home requires nothing less!
Tradition, discipline, and rules must be the tools
Without them...Disorder! Catastrophe! Anarchy!
In short, you have a ghastly 

I quite agree!

The children must be molded, shaped, and taught
That life's a looming battle to be faced and fought
In short, I am disturbed to hear my children talking about popping in and out of chalk pavement pictures, consorting with racehorse persons, foxhunting! Yes, well, I don't mind that quite so much. At any rate, it's tradition! But tea parties on the ceiling? I ask you: having tea parties on the ceiling? And highly questionable outings of every other kind!
If they must go on outings
These outings ought to be
Fraught with purpose
Yes, and practicality
These silly words like superca... superca.. .superca...

Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
You might also like
Yes, well done, you've said it
...And popping through pictures
Have little use, fulfill no basic need!
They've got to learn the honest truth
Despite their youth
They must learn...

...About the life you lead (Exactly!)
They must feel the thrill of totting up a balanced book
A thousand ciphers neatly in a row
When gazing at a graph that shows the profits up
Their little cup of joy should overflow! (Precisely!)
It's time they learned to walk in your footsteps (My footsteps...)
To tread your straight and narrow path with pride (With pride!)
Tomorrow, just as you suggest
Pressed and dressed
Jane and Michael will be at your 