

So Yung III got something to tell
He said fuck me? Well that's what I do to Michelle
And that's his girl, I'm flying if I'm lying
It get hotter than a desert when that llama blam
Fuck change punk, I'm a Osama fan
Sheryl Swoopes your idol, Marlon a Comets fan
Just a nigga-bitch that ball, Jwanna Mann
They say Tsunami don't got it all, something sick in me
Cause the boy will catch enough bullets to make the pro bowl, with Chris Henry
He get cinco form that ocho, Oh No!
Doc dot button up his top like polo
No gun, fuck it he getting jumped like pogo
His girl go down and stay down she a yo-yo
Head game Fabolous, we call da bitch Loso
If your father been running all his life and he a reverend
Who that make you? Jo-Jo!
Like you said, you don't get money you be starving
Aye Verb flunky, you a Little Man Marlon
Pull it down, outline get drew, then they carry him
Throw his lil ass cross the field like a javelin
If he the TARGET, you can see a wall mark (Wal-Mart) after I splatter him;Maverick
Scorch him with that Sun type of heat, Shawn Marion
I dare one of you St. Louis niggas try to ride on me
They gassed up I be cooking, I ride on E
Bang like KG, smother turkeys like gravy
Talking 'bout he kiss Verb cause Wayne kiss Baby
Big guns, lil guys I buck buck post 'em
Whole/hole in his bread and for cream cheese I toast him
Surf just pop up yelling with them Glock up
One shot hit the hoody, rest tear the top up, Jersey...

I talk to em before I whoop 'em, how your old man do
Shit you don't think fat meets greasy, well I'ma show that's true
I tell him "go get that switch" he bitch or say "no can do"
Then it's on and he so damn fruit
Cause if I have to get my own I'm coming back whooping him on for old and new
Like "POW!" that's for hoping I lose
"POW!" that's for your daddy's sperm and every raggedy egg in your mom Fallopian tube
"BOW!" that's for being dark skin and dirty, softer than Fergie Looking 18 going on 30
"BOW!" that's for being another phony rap goon Internet thug that wouldn't get live in a chat room
"BOW!" his ass aching, his back ruined
He run into the kitchen hear is mama from the back room
Like "Leave my baby alone, you ain't have to do all that to 'em"
I turn this darn liar to bonfire
A match to 'em, bat to 'em, back shooting
Attack 'em and back bruise him
Take a 15 minute break... shit, chill and come back to him
Toss 'em on a train track and start hacking a axe through 'em
See y'all stunt, my niggas criminals and they all want it
And they all on it, so tell your Pitbulls, poodles and puppies, your dogs on it
Your group of troopers gon’ get Debo'd on Friday I'm Pops with that pooper scooper, dog hunting
Any witness that said they saw something, I'ma SAW something
Turn Surf body to a large woman, toss 'em in the highway
Rush hour and make 'em play dodge ball while cars coming
Y'all stunting for attention I don't pay y'all none
Til I retire on a pension and my pay off come
But with this Word War I'll World War Adolf son
German choppers, Napalm bombs and his face all numb
Visit his place, I'll come walk in that driveway unload
He gon’ swear I was the highway patrol
Them infrareds make this Glock look like a radar gun
But Tsunami act wet pussy, moist punani
I don't need a suitcase lawyer with suits to sue 'Nami'
He gon’ swear Martin and Gina friend had a twin
When I come with these two Tommy's
My mama saw my last battle, she said my speech was absurd
That foul language won't get you famous, stop them 4 letter words
A bad mama- shut yo mouth, don't blame it on me
A glad mother, no 4, I'ma do you in 3
See Surf ACT like he get worshiped like a GOD
But for that D.O.E. I H.I.T. my D.O.G's and he'll get R.O.B'd
You can A.S.K. your M.O.M. who's your P.O.P... me
And advice to S.O.N. from D.A.D. forget R.A.P. and get a J.O.B
My pockets gon’ spend that worst day large
Put some candles on my cake, my checks get signed like Birthday cards
I turn this battle to a party, y'all can decorate the room
I got the gift, only thing we missing is the balloons
Get this nigga outta here 

When we get together
Take apart my fantasy
And when we're done
We'll work on you
It's sweet, lie motionless just staring at the ceiling
With your back turned up against the wall

And now I clearly see
Straight to the back of my skull
And I shivering all night long
And my skin is clear and you can see what I'm thinking
I'm thinking hard about
All the things I've been dreaming
I've been dreaming about you and only you

Turn the land into waste
And bury it in parking lots
And I'm constantly turned off by the look of the clock
And it's turning in hours
And I got nothing to look forward to
'Cause I killed all the flowers
See Deer Tick LiveGet tickets as low as $101You might also like
And that cold wind will blow
Tear the skin off your nose and you've got nothing to be grateful for
It's your list of wishes
It's some dirty dishes and you wanted more
And you got less and it hurt
Oh, but it could be worse
Yeah, things could be so much 