

Let me see those hands in the air, y'all! (Yeah!)

Here we go now!
Hey!
Everybody jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump
Everybody jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump
Now Listen
Some of y'all know how to do this, and some of y'all don't
Some of y'all might get with this, and some of y'all won't
But listen, let me clear my throat (Uh, let's go y'all)
Oh (Say what?), have mercy babe, Ha!
I hope ya don't mind, let me clear my throat
You might also likeSpecial dedication going out to everybody across the nation
And it goes a little something like this here
Aha, aha, ah (God Damn!)
Now all the way live from New York City
Mister Biz-mark, grab the mic and get busy

Can I kick it? (Yes, you can)
You know that I can do with the mic in my hand (Yeah)
Hahahaha, remember that
A' One-Two, yo that is fat
Zig-zag, zag-a-zig, zag-a-doo-doo-da
No matter what I say it always comes out fly
The ladies in here you're like fruit in a cup
I'm in love, I'm all shook up

Yo, Doug E. Fresh my mellow, my man
Get on the mic and do the best you can
O-wee-o, yeah (Oho!) (Say what!)
O-wee-o (Say what) (Oho!), here we go!

Hep, hep!
Jammin' and crammin', the party people on the dance floor
They want to see why GFC, was called for
Shakin' and breakin', no mistakin' the identity
You know the man with the plan and the remedy
Showin' down, throwin' down, with rhythm
Sexism, magnetism and wisdom
So I flow like water, my faithful supporters
Grab the tapes, hit start to record a ...
Check the flavor of the rhythm I wrote! (Come on!)
While I got a chance here, let me clear my throat
Come on, y'all, let's go! (Oh!)
Have mercy, babe, I hope you don't mind, say what!
Let me clear my throat

Aha, aha, ah
Now y'all love us and we love y'all (Say what)
Represent yourself if you're havin' a ball
Puerto Rico! (Yeah!)
Black people! (Yeah!)
White people! (Yeah!)
All people! (Yeah!)
Puerto Rico! (Yeah!)
Black people! (Yeah!)
White people! (Yeah!)
All people! (Yeah!)

Now, put two fingers in the air! (Get 'em up)
Put two fingers in the air! (Get 'em up)
When I say "Tu", you say "Pac"
Tu (Pac!), Tu (Pac!)
When I say "Tu", you say "Pac"
Tu (Pac!), Tu (Pac!)
Tu (Pac!), Tu (Pac!)
Tu (Pac!), Tu (Pac!)
Hey-o, are y'all tired yet? (Hell, no!)
Are y'all ready to quit? (Hell, no!)
Are y'all tired yet? (Hell, no!)
Can I rock this hit? (Hell, yeah!)
Back to the rhythm of the funky jam (Say what)
DJ Kool is who I am, so
Rock and ya' don't stop
And yo, DJ Kool with that old hip hop
And a yes yes y'allin, havin' a party
I'm in the house and giving a calling
For you and your crew, thanks for coming thru and
DJ Kool, rock the old with the new and soul
Here we go, check the flow, now you know
That I'm that beast, to rock the whole damn show
To the beat, everybody
And if y'all come to party, hold it now
Hey-o, if the party is right where you are standing at right now
That's all good in here
Make some noise...
So check the flavor of the rhythm I wrote (Yeah)
While I got a chance here, let me clear my throat
Have mercy, baby, I hope you don't mind
Let me clear my throat
Get your hands in the air if you in here!
And yo  I love you
Now we need some help for the maestro, please!
Yes!
Haha!
Somebody make some noise in this joint, man!

Jam!
Jam!
Jam!
Come on now
Jam!
Go Doug E !Embed

Yeah, rock to the rhythm of the funky rhyme
So I can get busy just one more time
To the beat and ya don't quit
It's that ol' skool rap with that new skool hit
Peter Piper picked a pepper but Kool rocked the rhyme
And I can still rip up the house
Every God damn time I get on the mic, I go crazy
Peace out to Celo, Flex, and Doug Lazy
I bet ya never knew but now ya know
I'm the undisputed king of this disco
And I never let the mic, magnetize me no more
'Cause DJ Kool rip up the whole damn floor
Now I'ma rap a rhyme with the greatest of ease
And swing it like the man on the flying trapeze
And if you don't like it you grab on these
And now I need some help from the maestro please
Jam, ha! So look it here check the flavor of the rhythm I wrote
And while I got a chance here, let me clear my throat
Oh, have mercy babe, ha!
I hope ya don't mind, let me clear my throat
I need these monitors right here
Music in the monitors
And it goes a little something like this here
Ah huh, ah huh, ah
Now if y'all wanna party like we do
If y'all wanna party like us, lemme hear ya say
Ah ah ah ah ah (Crowd)
If y'all wanna party like we do
If y'all wanna party like us lemme hear ya say
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah (Crowd)
Now when I say, "Uh," you say, "Ah"
Uh (Crowd), uh (Crowd)
And now when I say, "Hey," you say, "Ha"
Hey (Crowd), hey (Crowd)
Now when I say, "Uh," you say, "Ah"
Uh (Crowd), uh (Crowd)
Now when I say, "Hey," you say, "Ha"
Hey (Crowd)
Now when I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
Freeze
Now all the ladies in the place
If you got real hair, real fingernails
If you got a job, you going to school
And y'all need nobody to help you handle your business
Make some noise
One, two, three, come on now
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
Freeze
Now to all the brotha's in the place
That don't give a damn about what them ladies talking about
Cause you just trying to get chummy
Make some noise
Now, now, now, let me clear my throat
Oh, have mercy babe, ha!
I hope you don't mind
Let me clear my throat
Special dedication going out to all the ladies
And all the brothers in here
Like to love y'all to death here
Ah huh ah huh ah (Goddamn)
Oh, lemme send my little shout outs here
Special dedication once again going out to everybody here
Bahama Bay in Philadelphia, we love y'all madly
Special dedication going out to Mellow T, Walt Reeder da' joiner
Don Mack, Charlie Mack, DJ Ran, Cosmic Kev
Special dedication going out to Frank Ski and Lorrenzo Ice-T
And if you're with me, if you're with me
I need some help from the music, from the maestro, check it out
Somebody make some noise in this joint manYou might also 