

("Now I got to cut ya...")
Yeah
"Too Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." Hah ha, that's right
"Too Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." 'Cause it's like this
"Too Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." "Quik..." Yeah, it's gotta be like this
"Too Quik..." Nigga
"Too Quik..."

It used to be a CPT thang (What?)
But now it's just an 'all me' thang (Yeah)
Because I'm tired of this gizame (Right)
I'm through playin' for a crew that ain't got my back
When I'm the one who done created the sack
Mister You-Know-Who, remember me?
I met you when I was PPC
And you wasn't nothin' but a scrub
Wearin' plaid pants and bubble gums and beggin' for grub
But then, when ya grip start growin'
You tripped and flipped and skipped out, huh
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
Not even thinkin' 'bout the time
When KK took yo' ass in, 'cause you didn't have a dime
Nigga couldn't even say thanks for the trouble
I would've spanked yo' ass on the double
'Cause when ya didn't have a place to stay
You little 'round-the-way girl, my nigga took yo' weight
And that way, all my homies had yo' back (Right)
Because, together, they knew we had a fat ass sack
But you couldn't stand the guns
Couldn't wait to take ya ("'Bitch Betta Have My...") Money' and run
KK should've knew the motto of life (What's that?)
That "ya can't turn a ho into a housewife" (Fact)
Because you left a lot of people unhappy
Nigga, you in debt (And ya need to get at me)
Yeah
You might also like
"I know what you're sayin'" (That's right)
"I know what you're doin'" (So ya need to get at me)
"I know what you're sayin'" (Huh)
"I know what you're doin'" (You need to get at me)

Now I can name a gang of niggas I done tripped with
Spent a grip with, and they ain't spent shit (Huh)
And they ain't never brought nothing to the table
But it ain't no puzzle, I'm able
But why you wanna take my kindness for weakness?
To get my money back, I gotta ride yo' ass like Preakness
It ain't that fly
And when ya see me in traffic, just ride by
You should've been a pigeon 'cause you duck so well
But next time I catch you, I'ma pluck yo' tail
'Cause niggas like y'all show disrespect by flossin'
So you're in for a tossin'
You need to go brush your teeth
And change ya drawers, and change ya sheets
And stop y'alls bitches, from steadily tryin' to ride on my meat
And start bathing more than once a week, nigga
You know who I'm talkin' 'bout, bitches
So ya needs to come right with the Quikness (Come right)
And instead of tryin' to duck and dodge and be crafty
You need to get at me
"I know what you're sayin'" (Hell yeah)
"I know what you're doin'" (You need to get at me)
"I know what you're sayin'" (That's right)
"I know what you're doin'" (You need to get at me)

So tell me how we gon' handle this
Either we gon' be men or we gon' be skanless
Either way is all right with me
'Cause I'ma show ya that I meant it
When I said that I'm a G, nigga
I don't take ganks too swell (Naw)
That's why I went and bought a gang of shells (Yeah)
And if you approach me wrong, I'ma clown
First nigga run up – {*gunshot*} ("First down!")
Damn, I wish it didn't even have to come to this
'Cause now y'all's on my shit list
Right with the white boys in this game
Thinkin' they gone get the hits for some chump change – please
Huh, I didn't believe that you would trip like that
That's how a gang of niggas flipped like that
So get back, fool, 'cause I'm goin' out, comin' out of a straightjacket, blastin'
{*gunshot*} And they gon' have to get at me

"I know what you're sayin'" (Hell yeah)
"I know what you're doin'" (You need to get at me)
"I know what you're sayin'" (Compton style)
"I know what you're doin'" (You know what? Y'all can never get at me)
(Heh, up out...)
"Too" "Too" "Too" "Too" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik"
"Too" "Too" "Too" "Too" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik"
"Too" "Too" "Too" "Too" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik"
"Too" "Too" "Too" "Too" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik"
"Too" "Too" "Too" "Too" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "Quik" "

Yeahhhhh! Hahahah
Back up in this motherfucker for the n-fin
And this one is dedicated, to the Westside of the Tree
Four hundred block, you know what I'm sayin?
And this is STILL Eiht Killa
And fuck all his old scary ass homeboys too
Yeah
Nineteen ninety-one
Just when all these other rappers seem to be fallin by the wayside
We put a team together and came out with some of that ol fonky shit
But during the course of then and now
Some of my homeboys went Hollywood, now I ain't gon say no names
But they know who the fuck I'm talkin to
And it's all to the good, cause this is STILL P-Funk on mine, huh
*singing* Street level, street level, street level
Quik is funkin that street level
Now you can play like you don't know what the fuck I'm talkin about
But you know what's happenin, nigga
You might also like*singing* Street level, street level, street level
Quik is funkin that street level
Hell yeah
Uhh
Now it's nineteen ninety-five
But we've been on the scene for a minute, you know what I'm sayin
And I come to realize one motherfuckin thing
And it's some real shit (yes it is)
That fonk without with the P, just ain't fonky enough for me
See you gots to keep tha P in it, cause that's the only way
They gon really understand it
You know what the fuck I'm sayin?
Hell yeah, heheh
*singing* Street level, street level, street level
Quik is funkin that street level
Cause fo'hundred block is in this motherfucker
Fo'ever, bitch!
So fuck all you old mark ass niggas
Hmm
And 