

If it was up to me, you motherfuckers'd stop
Comin' up to me with your hands out
Lookin' up to me like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me
Like it was some disease, but you won't get a crumb from me
'Cause I'm from the streets of C-Compton (Compton)
I told 'em all
All 'em little gangstas, who you think helped mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talkin' 'bout guns like I ain't got none
What, you think I sold 'em all
'Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What, 'cause I been in the lab
With a pen and a pad tryin' to get this damn label off?
I ain't havin' that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gon' be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque
And fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddlin' a Cabbage Patch
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about 

Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy, we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slipped my ho a forty-fo' when she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch, quit talkin', Crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S, you'll be relievin' your stress
You might also like
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E (Dr. Dre, motherfucker; What? What? What? What?)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'lac (In the 'lac)
With D.O.C. in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (What hood?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the West Side (West Side), it's California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin' to poke on ('Sup, bitch?)
Loc, it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft, we don't play
We gon' rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day


Right back up in your mothafuckin' ass
9-5 plus four pennies, add that shit up
D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some wit' your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky-icky-icky
Ooh wee! Put it in the air!
Well, you's a fool, D-R


It hurts when I see you struggle, you come to me with ideas
You say they're just pieces, so I'm puzzled
'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But you're either gettin' lazy, or you don't believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision, you keep questionin' yourself
Second guessin', and it's almost like you're beggin' for my help
Like I'm your leader
You're supposed to fuckin' be my mentor
I can endure no more, I demand you remember who you are
It was you who believed in me
When everyone was tellin' you don't sign me
Everyone at the fuckin' label, let's tell the truth
You risked your career for me, I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy
Dre, I'm cryin' in this booth
You saved my life, now, maybe it's my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't givin' up faith, and you ain't givin' up on me
Get up, Dre, I'm dyin', I need you
Come back, for fuck's sake, 'cause—
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' out of time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday, though
You walked in, yellow jump suit, whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, mic smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on, but they just left
They said they was ridin' to the death
But where the fuck are they now, now that I need them?
I don't see none of them, all I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends, all I need is him
Fuckin' backstabbers
When the chips were down, you just laughed at us
Now you 'bout to feel the fuckin' wrath of Aftermath, faggots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask where the fuck we been
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack, maggots
And the cracker's ass, little cracker jack beat
Makin' wack-ass backwards producers, I'm back, bastards
One more CD, and then I'm packin' up my bags
And as I'm leavin', I'll guarantee they'll scream
"Dre, don't leave us like that, man," 'cause—
I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm runnin' outta time
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to 

Back when Cube was rollin' with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin' with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business
But sometimes, the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up – but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it  takes to convince you
'Cause you my nigga, Doc; and Eazy, I'm still wit' you
Fuck the beef, nigga, I miss you, and that's just being real wit' you
You see, the truth is, everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
And who I'm still cool with
Then, I got these fake-ass niggas I first blew with
Claimin' they non-violent, talkin' like they— (Do not resist the beat)
Spit venom in interviews, speakin' on reunions
Move units, then talk shit, and we can do this
Until then, I ain't even speakin' your name
Just keep my name out of your mouth, and we can keep it the same, nigga
It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference
You might also like
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'
Yo, I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate, play with it
Never knew about the next level until Dre did it (Yeah)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers babysitted
I smash the critics like a overhand right from Riddick (Yeah)
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catchin' bitches while bitches be catchin' feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid—never come down!
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces, and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold your breath 'til ain't none left
Yo, that's the difference!
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'
A'ight, hold up, hold up!
Stop the beat a minute! I got somethin' to say, Dre
I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin' weed is in me (What the fuck?)
I don't know if I ever told you this
But I love you, dog, I got your motherfuckin' back (Right), just know this shit
Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga, let's blow this bitch
I mean it, dog—you ever need somebody offed: "Whose throat is it?"
Well, if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is
Well, that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's mama
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin' at people ("Hi!")
Then drop her off on the corner at the police station
And drive off, honkin' the horn for her (*Beep-beep!*)
Raw dog, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed-off and beat you with the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up
In they nose and cough snot up, mucus and hot water
That's for tryna talk like 'The Chronic' was lost product
That's for even thinkin' of havin' them thoughts thought up
And you better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I just don't give a fuck!" and see who means it
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big dog style and straight coastin'

What's the difference between me and— {*

Yeah, I just took some ecstasy
Ain't no telling what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
Plus I got this bad bitch laying next to me
No doubt, sat back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel, and passed out
You might also like
Come on, let's get high (High)
Let's get high (High)
Come on, let's get high (High)
Let's get high, all my ladies
Let's get high (High)
High (High)
Let's get high (High)
Come on, let's get high

I make the '4 hop
Pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels, in my G'd up apparel
Stomping in the party
Kurupt Young Gotti
I'm fucking something in this bitch
Hit 'em with some gangsta shit
Put something in your mouth, bitch – real tasty
I'm looking real saucy in my gangsta-ass Stacys
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an'
Got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncing
Bouncing

Yo, whattup, Scruncho?
Mel-Man – what's cracking?
Wassup wit' all these ol' punk ass hoes in here?
Nigga, what? I'm a hustling bitch, I like them get-rich niggas
Them hit-the-switch niggas
Niggas 'bout the sex, and which bitch to hit next
While I'm kicking my game and collecting them checks
Got all y'all niggas vexed to fuck this triple-X rated ho
You say you ain't eat it, you ate it though
And uh, Roq don't stop, can't be dropping no drawers
To the niggas, how you figure? Got you shitting in yours
Yeah, little dicks always running they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about
Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt
Trying to live lavi', marry a big dick and stay cavi'
Holla back at them niggas that hollered at me
Pop the Cris' – whip the 6 and shit
And have all y'all niggas limp when I twist my shit

Yeah, bitch ass 