

Public service announcement: fuck Woolworths and fuck Pharrell Williams
Israel is an apartheid state that kills children
I was in the field with these kids giving out water and food
And I had to go back home to write poems for you
So shoutout to every student marching on every campus in this country
And on that note, let's go bear hunting
I was in Canada selling out tours when you were still classed as nerd
Me, K9 and some Africans hit half the skirts
We bagged crackers, Ritz, snacks, hors d'oeuvres
Had these Montreal faggots like 'Hashtag Bring Back Our Girls'
See we can throw hands like Sierra Leone
My iron fists rip metal like Marion Jones
Daddy is home, I beat Ness, I'm thinking I can handle his clone
You said you'd put chrome to your dome like a Zach Morris phone?
Before I condone you and Charron packing ratchets, I'll go stone Ariel Sharon in the Gaza Strip
That's the problem with this rap shit
Nobody mean what they say, nobody say what they mean
Meek Mill versus Drake shoulda just stayed as a meme
It's all entertainment, some Cirque du Soleil shit
So you can rap fast juggle the mic behind your back spit flame shit
Contort your thoughts into a awesome name-flip
But if the tracks you're making ain't a hundred, fuck you saying?
I mean I really don't get it, it's like the black American experience is your default setting
And I understand poetic license, but how you gain cred off someone else sacrifices?
And I ain't tryna make this no black and white thing
But it feels like all our negatives developed your patterns
And that's the problem with this rap shit
Nobody mean what they say, nobody say what they mean
You should be watching Cassper vers' AKA up here, not me
But you better have brainiac writtens witty as couscous b
Or get Belushi'd in a vein, or how Jeff did Bruce B
See what Dave paying, shit I can't afford school fees
I'm like, pay me what you cover per head, that's a coo' fee
More chicken, make him cover the bread, that's a two-piece
Shit, I'll battle Raptor instead, 'cause he's losing

Where I'm from, I bet you think we're all fucking lazy
Party all day, never had a job underpay me
Popping champagne, sitting in the hot tub, it's wavy
Coke falling from the sky, The Gods Must Be Crazy
And where I'm from, it's true I rarely seen the glare from the chrome but anywhere that I roam I'm feeling like the chairman is home
Turn a chair to a throne a god on a chariot flown through the air that I own, Osiris to the pharaohs below
I keep a cool air like the coastal climate, it's military control how I adhere to a code of silence after swearing an oath
But I'm here just to show your highness who's the heir to the throne if he dare to provoke the lion here to tear out his throat
You tryna stare at my soul that's fine but, I got my man in a van somewhere down the road with hardware that's controlled and an aerial drone a mile up
Carrying a load, lined up
Staring down the barrel and scope prepared for when your parents get home
This area prone to violence, Sierra Leone been dying
Muslim Arabs to sub-Saharans bearing a terrible toll
'Cause from Paris to Rome they line up for their share of your gold and diamonds while burying bones in silence with every karat that's sold
Tariffs imposed are there to control the prices but the black market's moving down a perilous road
Ask mercy from the west, but America won't provide it for the rarest of stones they feed you to the sparrows and crows
I'm aware that you know the science, and can share this with folks
And use your music as a platform if you care to expose what's really going on, and you should be embarrassed you don't
Facing the mirror looking like you just got scared by a ghost
See I heard a couple songs, you may be an emcee but your radio-friendly content's basically empty
This country's beautiful, the culture runs deep
But your safe Americanized pop is pulp for the sheep
And maybe it's me, but your music feels emo
You got the image down, your message seems weak though
With T's ego, you'd think he's going beast mode tryna defeat evil and free his people like Steve Biko
So now I'm feeling like the Titanic
Once I hit the 'Burg you treading water with the sharks without a life jacket
It's 'bout time someone checked your ass, prostate cancer
You dog-faced bastard, thought you had this in the bank, well I'm Andre 
1 ContributorThe Epic Rhythm Lyrics
Don't get me started love
I've had too much to drink
Had too much time to think
So leave me alone
Crying when you're by yourself
Cause of what they think
About you
Makes time go slow slow slow
You got the epic rhythm of the night
You got the epic, here we go
If there was a problem yo I'll solve it
To all the bitch ass hoes that hate me the most
Oh yeah, I hate you too
To all the punk ass fucks that just want to talk shit
I hate you too
To all the high class ass that's too hard to pass
Oh yeah, I hate you too
Doses and Mimosas
Champagne and cocaine
Help to me get through
You might also likeYou got the epic rhythm of the night
Epic, rhythm
Epic epic, rhythm (2x)
You got the epic Muther
You got the epic rhythm
Doses and Mimosas, you got to
Doses and Mimosas, you got to, muther, muther
Doses and Mimosas
You got the epic rhythm of the 

-Man, 50/50
I'm still draped up and dripped down, screw tape jammin'
Trunk rumblin' and tremblin', Color Changin' and blendin'
Forest side mirrors blinkin', while I'm turnin' and tippin'
Hit my brakes at 9:00 at 10, them rims stop spinnin'
Channels set, rim grinnin', tatted up on my skin and
9 fiancee's, I ain't trippin', fuck a 3 some I'm ten-in
Program pimpin', lean sippin', hoes suckin' 5 lickin'
Invicible set, diamonds hittin', while the minute hand tickin'
I hold chickens, steerin' whippin', '72 is my mission
I can't front unless you spendin', pitch like Roger Clemens
I throw work, fiends hit it out the park like Dillon
Now they geekin' and flitchin', feelin' bad cuz they sinnin'
My twin got shot in his head and his leg now he limpin'
So don't make him swing that aggie, and may place he fix it
600 Horses in my engine, sittin' still fish finnin'
My grand-prix on non-stoppers, H2 3 on pippen's
If you wonderin' it's 50, turn me up just listen
I make grown-man decisions, so at life you can't miss me, what?
-Boy's gonna feel this Color Changin' Click mayne
-We tippin' down, popped up wide open
You might also like (Yung-Ro)
-Fa'real, Yeah
Windows down cuz they tinted, so niggas can see me up in it
Wait for my spinners to stop spinnin', after 5 minutes re-spin it
Emblem on the hood, lookin' about the size of a grammy
Chrome Lady doin' the Statue Of Liberty pose on my candy
Used to be candy over silver, now it's wine berry over gold
Now it's Color Changin' on the doors, while I'm swangin' thinkin' 24's
No police out on Dalem, hollows we got em' no problem
Spot em' and push a wig back farther then Hatter did my album
I ain't got to promote it, nope no radio play
Pull out that K, right-away and ya drop-date 'll be today
I hope ya doin' killer crunches, ain't gotta vest when it lunges
Patch ya stomach, so (NOBODY!) ain't got to see what ya lunch is (Haha)
I don't like niggas grumpin', gossipin' in my circumference
And Sucka-Free is flippin' humped's we gettin' bills by the bunches
Hold up, plot on them thangs, belt-buckles and bang
He pull out that thang from behind the belt-buckle than bang
Hit ya face with that handle, make ya braces dismantle
Then they'll erase the Soprano's and put my face on that channel
Jumped down, fun lift the trunk let it dangle
Geometric rims spinnin' at a obtuse angle
Braud act like she don't see me, bet she get broke in
Throwin' gin down her chin, til' her dome spin like my chrome rims
Rap-game it was throw'd in, but I'm still gon' win
Hell yeah nigga, Koopa freestyle with no pen
I'm from the streets, I know yall niggas peep game
My nigga Note, just dropped his shit Street Fame
Will Lean comin' next, I'm bout to drop again
Yall niggas #1, but I'mma take ya spot again
I'm off the lot again, rollin' in a drop again
I'm sippin' sizzerp, you drinkin' on a Heineken
I got the cheddar now I'm on another level now
You wearin' white-rocks, it's yellow in my bezel now
I gotta bigger car, cuz I'mma bigger star
I'm fuckin' Dolly Pardon, she wear a bigger bra
You know where I'm from and you know what the fuck we be packin'
These niggas be hatin' I'm vested up in-case they jackin'
Bitches come and they go, Flip is runnin' the show
And if you don't know, now you muthafuckas know
I'm the hottest around, niggas know how I get down
When I come to your town, hook me up with a pound
And we gon' smoke a blunt, and I'm gon' rock the show
I know this yo baby-momma but I'mma fuck ya ho
Get the brain, get the change, peep the rangs, peep the rocks
You know where the fuck I'm from, I represent my block
Yall niggas braggin' and boastin', I'll leave you gaggin' and chokin'
Jump out the Jag and approachin'..Bitch Nigga!
(O.G. Ron - Talking until song 

I saw your raincoat on my porch today, crumbled up next to my feet
Must admit it seemed kind of strange, ‘cause it hasn't rained here in weeks. 
Funny how things in life can be like rain. Between sun and storm we don't know what is best. 
Oh, the rain, it is long gone, but your rain coat still exists. 

And I've been growing my beard out. I got it all soft like it was with us. 
I know you never never liked my hairy face until it was close enough to touch. 
Funny how things in life can be like hair: we remove them but they just come back so thick. 
Oh your touch, it is long gone, but my beard still exists. 

I rеmember when I was a kid I rеad this book on performing and it said, uh, open your show with your second biggest hit and close the show with your biggest hit. And as soon as I get some hits I can't wait to take advantage of that. But for now it’s a free-for-all. I have no business closing the show with this song but I do it, uh, to just honor this little guy because this is a song I wrote back in my career where playing at The Aladdin was inconceivable. And I want to just give it a little light. 
Back then, you know, I used to- I couldn't have shows like this. My draw was zero. What I would do is I would drive around the country and find coffee shops and bars where people already were and then I would sneak in and start playing and hope that they didn't leave. That was my technique
And after the shows, unless- if someone didn't give me a couch to sleep on, I would just get in my Astro Van and I would drive to the next city and then I'd fall asleep when I needed to sleep on the side of the road
I remember this one night I was driving through the deserts of New Mexico and I passed by this Jiffy Lube. It was a late night alone on the highway and this Jiffy Lube marquee was shining really bright. And up there where it normally says something like “half off oil changes”, this time it said this, it said, “if you haven't failed lately you haven't been trying.” Which I thought was pretty heavy for a Jiffy Lube. And it resonated with me. 
But I don't trust Jiffy Lube, you know, because I'll be going there for oil changes and they're always trying to upsell you on something you know? Trying to say shit like, “uh we noticed your displacement fluid was low. We could fill that for you.” You’d be like, “ah there ain't no such thing as displacement fluid.” And then 2 weeks later a light goes on you're like, “aw shit is that my displacement fluid?”
“If you haven't failed lately you haven't been trying.” It spoke to me, you know, ‘cause I had failed lately a lot. That night I had failed. I played in a coffee shop to just one person. And if you're musician you know playing to one person is worse than playing to no persons. ‘Cause if you play to an empty room, it's fine. You can pretend it didn't happen like that tree that falls in the woods when no one hears it. But when there's one person there, ain't no pretending. And it's always awkward 'cause that one person usually comes up after the show and tries to offer you some words of encouragement. In this particular night, I know he was trying to be- trying to make me feel better but what he said is- he said, uh, “Hey kid, don't worry. Van Gogh didn't get success until after he died.” I was like, “oh cool. Thanks man.”
That's how it was man. And I was driving under that sign and I was thinking about all that stuff. And back then, you know, it was not a question of whether or not I was going to make it. Clearly I was not. But I was going to go down swinging. 'Cause I like to swing. And I was having fun swinging. And there had been a time in my childhood where I had gone down swinging and everyone had won and before I leave tonight I want to tell you that story. 

See I played all the sports as a little boy, and I was bad at all of them. But the one I was worse at was baseball. See, baseball's tough because if you suck in soccer or basketball you can either sit on the sidelines or you can just get in the game and be like, “hey don't throw that ball at me” and they're like, “yeah don't worry”. But baseball's messed up because no matter how much you suck you got to have that little moment on the stage when everything is riding on you at home plate. And this pitcher is throwing this ball at you and he doesn't want you to hit it and it is quite the toxic relationship. 
So in baseball I couldn't make that relationship work and I would strike out every time. And I remember being in eighth grade and I was so happy 'cause it was the last year where everyone could just play baseball and still suck. And I knew in ninth grade, I'd be in high school and they'd be like, “you can't play” and I'd be like, “sweet!” So I was excited that it was the last year
Now on the first day of practice I was lined up with all the kids and the coach was going by and introducing himself. And he came up to me and he got on one knee and he said, “hey. Are you John Craigie?” I said, “yeah.” He said, “I heard of you.” I said, “what have you heard?” He said, “I heard you strike out every time.” And I said, “you heard right sir.” He said, “well not this year! You have Coach Brad Zakuto. We're going to get you a hit!” And I said, “look man, I don't want to interrupt this after-school-special moment, but many coaches have come and gone and tried this. They've all failed. Let's just acknowledge the fact that I'm going to strike out. We'll have our little pizza party. We'll move on with our lives.”
But Coach Zakuto did not give up on me and every day at practice he sat with me and taught me all the techniques: kept my eye on the ball, choke up. He even did that thing where I knocked the little dirt off my cleats, you know. But despite his teachings I could not get a hit. And I was mad because I wanted to get one, if not for me, for Coach Brad Zakuto. But every time, I kept striking out. 
See John Craigie LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like
But despite my terrible playing, my team was great. And we got to the World Series, the little playoffs. And we were up there and we were doing good. We were winning. And here's where it gets a little technical so come with me for a second Portland. It was the bottom of the seventh inning and my team was winning. But it was starting to get dark. And in my little Little League diamonds in Los Angeles if it got dark they would end the game and they would go back to the previous inning of whoever was winning. And they had been winning in the previous inning. So we needed to get out of this inning fast. We needed outs. The other team knew so they were stalling. They were walking everybody. Coach Zakuto was sweating. We had two outs. We just needed one more and he knew we needed one fast. He looked down at the roster. Who was up next?

I was standing there in that little circle, the on-deck circle, swinging like an idiot, you know? He walked up to me, got on one knee. He said, “John, I need something from you.” I said, “I know. Keep my eye on the ball, choke up, knock the dirt off my cleats.” He said, “no no no man, I got to ask something of you that goes against everything I've taught you all year.” I said, “what is it Coach?” He said, “I need you to strike out.” I looked him dead in the eye and I said, “Coach… that I can do.”
And I walked to home plate with more confidence than I'd ever had. And the fans of my team were going crazy 'cause they knew what was happening. And the pitcher saw me and he knew what was happening. He was looking freaked out. And I got up there, and I didn't choke up, and I didn't keep my eye on the ball, and my cleats were dirty as hell. He threw that first pitch way outside. I swung and I missed. Strike one! The coach yelled at him. “Hey! Walk this kid!” He said, “this is John Craigie! No one can walk this kid!” Second pitch, way outside. I swung and I missed. Strike two! The crowd was screaming. The roar was deafening. I took every failure of my entire life, I piled them up on that home plate. And I watched him throw that pitch so far outside, I don't even know where it went. And I swung as goofy as ever. And I missed. Strike three. We got out. We won the game. And I never played baseball again. 

“If you haven't failed lately you haven't been trying.” I looked up at that sign and I thought about that baseball story, tried to get inspired. I thought about Van Gogh and tried to get inspired. I thought to myself, maybe the cool thing about Van Gogh wasn't about his lack of success until death, but maybe the cool thing was that even though he wasn't successful he still painted every day, all the time, right up to the end. I wondered why. But probably for the same reason that I was driving to these little coffee shops: 'cause it felt good to swing. Yeah. 
As I passed under that sign I could almost hear the tired voice of Jiffy Lube calling down to me, “oh Johnny. How long must we watch you fail.” And as I raced past it into the unknown darkness I called back, “oh Jiffy. How long you got? We gonna be up for a while.”
Thanks so much for coming tonight. We love you. Thank 