

I see what's happening, yeah
You're face to face with greatness and it's strange
You don't even know how you feel

It's adorable

Well, it's nice to see that humans never change
Open your eyes, let's begin
Yes, it's really me, it's Maui, breathe it in
I know it's a lot, the hair, the bod
When you're starin' at a demigod
What can I say except, "You're welcome"?
For the tides, the sun, the sky?
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome
I'm just an ordinary demi-guy
Hey! What has two thumbs and pulled up the sky
When you were waddling yay-high? This guy!
When the nights got cold, who stole you fire from down below?
You're lookin' at him, yo!
Oh, also, I lassoed the sun
You might also like
You're welcome

To stretch your days and bring you fun
Also, I harnessed the breeze

You're welcome

To fill your sails and shake your trees
So what can I say except, "You're welcome"?
For the islands I pulled from the sea?
There's no need to pray, it's okay, you're welcome (Ha!)
I guess it's just my way of being me
You're welcome, you're welcome
Well, come to think of it
Kid, honestly, I could go on and on
I could explain every natural phenomenon
The tide, the grass, the ground
Oh, that was Maui just messin' around
I killed an eel, I buried its guts
Sprouted a tree, now you got coconuts
What's the lesson? What is the takeaway?
Don't mess with Maui when he's on a breakaway
And the tapestry here on my skin
Is a map of the victories I win
Look where I've been, I make everything happen
Look at that mean Mini-Maui just tickety-tappin'
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, hey
Well, anyway, let me say you're welcome (You're welcome)
For the wonderful world you know (Ha, ha, ha)
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome (You're welcome)
Well, come to think of it, I gotta go (Ha, ha, ha)
Hey, it's your day to say, "You're welcome" (Hey, hey, hey, hey, you're welcome)
'Cause I'm gonna need that boat (Ha, ha, ha, ha)
I'm sailing away, away, you're welcome (Hey, hey, hey, hey, you're welcome)
'Cause Maui can do everything but float (Ha, ha, ha, ha)
(You're welcome) You're welcome
(You're welcome) You're welcome
And thank 