

I'm yelling Empire's over
Dynasty taking over
Got the game in my palm
Bout to shut down the carter
No more sitting'on benches
Watch the time keep tickin'
Now I'm calling the PLAYS
You can sit back and listen
I did all, nothing given
Tho I grew up with riches
Tell little Mally I'm coming
You number one on my hit listt
I'm so ready for war
Brought my soldiers and all
You should call on the Lord
Cause you taking the fall
Now tell me what you gon' do bout that
I'm taking everything
You all laying on your back
Ready for whatever you coming
With no sneak attack
Imma' bury you so deep there ain't no coming back
You over like a map
I told you time and time again that we the ones to beat
We uncontrollable you tamer than a dog on leash
It's Dynasty we number one and we control the streets
Don't play no games round here we cooking the beef
What's up
You might also like
Don't talk about it we been bout it got it on lock we run it (We run it)
On top while y'all flop all know that we run it (We Run It)
Took your top spot don't be mad cause we run it (We Run It)
You had your turn now its my turn to run it (Run it)
Run it (Run it)
Run it (Run it)
Run it Run it Run it Run it(Run it)
We run it, we run it, we run it, we run it
Run it (Run it)
Run it Run it Run it (Run it)
Run it (Run it)
(We run it, we run it, we run it)

I just shut down the building
With the gold in my arm
I know she used to be yours
But I took her to Mars
Yeah, I gave her that feeling
I'm the youngest in charge
You couldn't stand up right?
I'm the stand up type
Yeah It's the dynasty
We taking roster
And we did it like a robbery
That new money got us stacking to the balcony
I'm the lion you the cub
Ain't no toppin' me
Pause
ERRR

Rewind the beat
Now let me remind the streets
I put in that work
And went berserk
Because I gotta eat
You gave it to Mal
Thought I would stall
I started dynasty
Look at your team light 'em up
They ain't hot as me
Probably, you need Big, Pac, and Nas
Try stopping me
You gone need more than a cage
Try locking me
I'm on fire like that lava
On a mountain be
Moment of silence
Hands up
Cause I just killed the beat

Don't talk about it we been bout it got it on lock we run it (We run it)
On top while y'all flop all know that we run it (We Run It)
Took your top spot don't be mad cause we run it (We Run It)
You had your turn now its my turn to run it
Run it (Run it)
Run it (Run it)
Run it Run it Run it Run it(Run it)
We run it, we run it, we run it, we run it
Run it (Run it)
Run it Run it Run it (Run it)
Run it (Run it)
(We run it, we run it, we run it)


Bass!
We run it, run it , run it, run it
We run it, run it , run it
Bass!
We run it, run it, run it, run it
Put yo hands 

1: YM Bandit
New Generation
© 2016 Atlantic Records / Region Liberty Records · October 7 ·. Ym Bandit New Generation Label: Region Liberty Records Release Datum: 07/10/2016. Totale speelduur: 00:22:10
2: AALIYAH NICOLE
Own Me
Listen to and buy Aaliyah Nicole music on CD Baby. Download Own Me by Aaliyah Nicole on the independent record store by musicians for musicians. © 2017 Atlantic Records / Region Liberty Records
3: Branson Forbes
Do Me Dat Feat Cardi B
The urban singer's "Do Me Dat" feat Cardi B single has climbed to the top of the Audiomack top 200 chart, remaining at No.4 on Last.FM top music charts
4: Tripple A
My Vain Feat Empire Cast
Listen to My Vain Feat Empire Cast by Tripple A on Deezer. With music streaming on Deezer now reaching 53 million streams and downloads combined
5: Daemoe Cartier
Gal Ya Bad (Explicit)
NOW ON @Lyrics to "XXXTENTACION - Pretty Brown Feat Daemoe Cartier (? DELUXE ALBUM)" on Lyrics.com.
6: Nico Guna
Anger Fucking Management (Mixtape)
Audio CD (August 12, 2013); Number of Discs: 1; Label: Region Liberty Records; Run Time: 28 minutes; ASIN: B00EHY2QK2; Average Customer Review: Be the first to ..
7: Dej Loaf
Been On My Grind (Remix)
Lyrics to 'Been On My Grind' by DeJ Loaf. I've been on my hustle / It ain't too many people I look up to / I've been grinding, I've been grinding / I've been grinding, ...
8: Pleasure P
Blame It
Blame It (Region Liberty Records) Lyrics: I told you I wouldn't cheat / I told you I wouldn't lie / I told you I was different / I wasn't like the most of ...
9: Sia
Little Red Shoes
Sia Little Red Shoes Feat. Sia lyrics - all songs lyrics sorted by album year.
10: Bahja Rodriguez
So Into You
Just know that I keep you in mind boy. I see something more. You make me think about my future. That's why I need more, time. So life can be good when I make ...
11: Marcus .J
The No Color Album
BUY IN CART. SONG MP3 DOWNLOAD ($3.99). SONG MP3 DOWNLOAD ($3.99). MP3. 2. Marcus .J The No Color Album available at:rniTunes: ... Music: .
12: Popcaan
One Time
Popcaan - One Time | ©2017 Atlantic Records / Region Liberty Records. available at: iTunes: http://smarturl.it/thenocoloralbum
13: Ariana Grande
One Last Time (Remix)
One Last Time (Remix) Lyrics: "One Last Time" / I was a liar / I gave in to the fire / I know I should've fought it / At least I'm being honest / Feel like a failure ...
14: Nicki Minaj
Like You Do
Stream or download Nicki Minaj - Like You Do on @Audiomack
15: Empire Cast
Conqueror
"SHUT UP" Hakeem Lyon (Music Video) | EMPIRE | Season 4. 1 year ago. Estelle -Conqueror (Remix) Feat. jussie smollett & Marcus .J .Embed

I would tell you that I love you tonight
But I know that I've got time on my side
Where you goin'? Why you leavin' so soon?
Is there somewhere else that’s better for you?

What is love if you're not here with me?
What is love if it's not guaranteed?
What is love if it just ups and leaves?
What is love if you're not here no more?
What is love if you're not really sure?
What is love? What is love?

Tell myself I wouldn't cry when you're gone
But I know it's easier said than done
Look at me, look at me choked up now (Lookin' choked up now)
Try to tell you, but it won't come out

What is love if you're not here with me?
What is love if it's not guaranteed?
What is love if it just ups and leaves?
What is love if you're not here no more?
What is love if you're not really sure?
What is love if it just ups and goes?
You might also like
I can't live without ya (I can't live without ya)
I can’t live with ya (I can't live with ya)
What goes around will come right back around
You won't know 'til it hit ya
We were supposed to be (An empire)
We were supposed to be (An empire)
We were supposed to be an empire

What is love if you're not here with me?
What is love if it's not guaranteed?
What is love if it just ups and leaves?
What is love?
What is love if you're not really sure?
What is love if it just 