

You argue with the village idiot in Twitter beef
You focused on a single note and never wrote a symphony
I'll make it clear like the filter in the pool
I'll put it down until my crown round, gilded and bejewled
You didn't plot, you got the vision like a pigeon got
You short-sighted like a ticket from a midget cop
You got excuses like pain got bruises
Like the game got name drops and Maine got mooses
I'd pass you the ball, but you'd stall like a restroom
That S dude chess moves since I was a test tube
Born a pawn, but I been on a mission
Staring in the mirror at my only competition
Knowing you could have the money stacked like vocals in the chorus
But be too into the trees that you didn't see the forest
You're like, kid sisters, fake imposters
Ignore the big picture like you, hate the Oscars, but
We can't save everyone, can we?
Playing checkers not good for your family
You should quit, I second that
This is not a checkers match
I record, then export, from my chessboard
So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
Checkers is for kids, this is a grown-up thing
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?
So what you playing, checkers or chess?
You striving for more or you settle for less?
You trying to whisper or you trying to sing?
Do you hate it that I made it from a pawn to a king?

Yeah, that king shit
 to the king
Hands in the sky
Now kiss the fuckin' ring
Whatchu playing?
I sacrifice my knights to keep my king upon the board
Good luck with your life
Nah seriously, good luck 

Darling, I guess my mind is more at ease
But never, never, nevertheless, why stir up memories?

Been invited on dates
I might have gone but what for?
It's awfully different without you
Don't get around much anymore

And oh, oh, darling, darling, darling, I guess
My mind is more at ease
But never, never, nevertheless, why stir up memories?

Been invited on dates
Might have gone but what for?
Oh, it's awfully different without you, daddy
Don't get around much anymore
Don't get around much anymore
Don't get around much anymoreYou might also 
1 ContributorWomen of R&B LyricsSummer Walker - Girls Need Love (with Drake) (Remix)
SZA - Love Galore (feat. Travis Scott)
Beyoncé - Party (feat. André 3000)
Ella Mai - Shot Clock
Normani - Waves (feat. 6LACK)
H.E.R. - Hard Place (Single Version)
Ari Lennox - Shea Butter Baby (with J. Cole)
Rihanna - Umbrella (feat. JAY Z)
Sevyn Streeter - Before I Do
Queen Naija - Karma
Asiahn - NOLA
Mary J. Blige - My Life
Deniece Williams - Free
Alicia Keys - Raise A Man
Nina Simone - Feeling Good
Aretha Franklin - (You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman
Jill Scott - A Long Walk
Roberta Flack - Feel Like Makin' Love
Anita Baker - Sweet Love
Aaliyah - At Your Best (You Are Love)
En Vogue - Hold On
SWV - I'm So Into You
Shanice - I Love Your Smile
Janet Jackson - That's The Way Love Goes
Fantasia - When I See U
Toni Braxton - How Many Ways
Xscape - Who Can I Run To
Patti LaBelle - If Only You Knew
Natalie Cole - I've Got Love On My Mind
Rufus - Ain't Nobody (feat. Chaka Khan)
Zhané - Hey Mr. DJ
Faith Evans - Love Like This
Angie Stone - Wish I Didn't Miss You
Gladys Knight & The Pips - Neither One Of Us (Wants To Be The First To Say Goodbye)
Tamia - So into You
Monica - So Gone
Missy Elliott - The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)
Ann Peebles - I Can't Stand the Rain
Lyn Collins - Think (About It)
Jean Knight - Mr. Big Stuff
The Staple Singers - I'll Take You There
Ms. Lauryn Hill - Doo Wop (That Thing)
Amy Winehouse - Love Is A Losing Game
Erykah Badu - On & On
Sade - No Ordinary Love
Tina Turner - What's Love Got to Do with It
Whitney Houston - I Will Always Love You
Etta James - At Last
Minnie Riperton - Lovin' You
Stacy Lattisaw - Let Me Be Your Angel
Mariah Carey - We Belong Together
Brownstone - If You Love Me
Jade - Don't Walk Away
Brandy - I Wanna Be Down (feat. Queen Latifah, Yoyo & McLyte) (Remix) (feat. MC Lyte, Yo-Yo)
Stephanie Mills - Never Knew Love Like This Before
Evelyn "Champagne" King - Love Come Down
Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam - I Wonder If I Take You Home (feat. Cult Jam, Full Force, Lisa Lisa)
Teena Marie - Square Biz
Meli'sa Morgan - Fool's Paradise
Sheila E. - The Glamorous Life (Club Edit)
Donna Summer - Bad Girls (12" Version)
Diana Ross - I'm Coming Out
The Supremes - You Can't Hurry Love
Marvin Gaye - You're All I Need To Get By (feat. Tammi Terrell)
Dionne Warwick - Walk on By
The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (Single Version)
Martha Reeves & The Vandellas - Nowhere To Run
Mary Wells - My Guy (Single Version)
Fontella Bass - Rescue Me (Single 