
1 ContributorDeCypher Tha Khaos vs. Bando Benji LyricsRound 1: DeCypher
I said, lets turn up the volume. We got a small room before Band...if your intent is saying anything outta line?
I'ma swing...I'm just letting you know beforehand.
You a stranger so act like it, I mean my pockets can get tapped..
But get to pushing I'll get to pulling, let's see how opposites attract.
Man this bitch is a substitute.
Finish him, dust his crew.
Madden Curse, only the ones who injured'll cover you.
You can feel the pace changing, my words is images I can illustrate danger.
I'm here to put you in your place...that's a real estate agеnt.
My people saw him? Nah, my peoplе sawed him.
Nah my people sought him, in the morning had a lot of fluids pouring.
On a lighter note, we know Bando's gay like Soddam and Gommorah.
You see his aura feminine, and the closest friend of him?
Nevermind we in hot pursuit and gon unveil that founding Father down the line Benjamin.
It doesn't matter what that constitutes, when you put out this pussy more than a prositute.
I mean...what the fuck for? Benji?
Do you know who you talking to?
I'm the highest proof, absolute.
I'm looking up but talking down that's an awkward view.
Last time I had a Bando battle...let's just say I'm in that same type of mood.
These name flips getting bro mad..
Well how about I kill you and literally have your name flipped...on a toe tag!
Hoebag...
Torture ruin his damsel face, need pleasure deliver ample pain.
You can see the whacks on her back it ain't candle play.
Got everything I need to know like a fandom page, so plan your wake...
I get em all slept, knocked out ya conscious.
Woke up like *yawns* What happened?
Shoulda had an alarm set...
You a fraud when did that become allowed like K2?
Using hair/here bars like it's still 2008?
Who the fuck you think you standing in front of?
You a peon band...whoever got you winning take some Serius Drugz.
Brick by Brick...they noses built how the pyramids was...
You ain't hearing me bub.
This a casualty.
I'm Moses leading the people, this is something that you have to see.
I am glad to be in D.C. cause niggas told me he was in the field tripping.
We was wondering why he was even on the plain. Bill Clinton.
His woman running?
I'm pulling something to relax she'll sleep.
I pull the metal up to stop her...that's a bathroom sink!
When a body moving..it's not charades.
What type of bluff?
Get away or it's life in cuffs.
What type of what?
Ball and chain, call it mace I'll swing a couple to spice it up.
You wasn't on the hit list.
You wasn't even half the plan.
Your world in my palm and I treat it like a math exam that mean I got the whole thing figured out.
Aye, you might as well give up now.
The insolence chisel him, tried to tell his friends but they not hearing it.
The situation is dire B these pricks pointing fingers all billious.
Can't stomach the fact that they sweet.
The type too fall really quick, I'm saying Benji.
You'll lose a part of yourself if you don't take this shot serious.
Round 1: Benji
They brought you all the way from PA to MD and gave you me...
I guess your lucks up but now you standing in front of KMMs greatest...fuck up.
Yeah I admit, I forget my lines sometimes but I really started battling just to let people know I could rap.
So yeah I may see great days but ion't really got shit to lose.
I'll cut this bitch in the middle of the party these Lakawana Blues.
Let's get it to it, cause nigga you pussy.
Vagina.
Chocha.
Coochie.
Who see, stars shooting. I got 50 sent from one cig this a loosie.
You broke bitch..in real life you couldn't even say hi to me.
They said don't judge him though, cause with the gun blood draw like phlebotomy.
I hear they paid for me to school you, guess they a bunch of (?) lenders.
Well I'm robbing him, tapping blood pockets like a plasma center and that's mandatory.
They brought you hear cause they heard you was searching for me.
Well this shotty will lift your body up, have him in between too dimensions like purgatory.
To catch a body, all I gotta do is make my arm lift.
And with his corpse I'll just stash away and let that shit decay until his body musty like Slugga armpits.
No shade.
It's just rap but it looks like you got a deficit.
My bitch evil in all black wavin' a stick like maleficent.
She start shooting you, should expect the worst like a pessimist.
On God you cross me the flame come right behind her like a methodist.
I want all the smoke, my Gs'll fight.
We don't even gotta let the heat burst off the slightest flinch.
Think pediatrist, we gon see how your feet work.
Yeah, I'm soft spoken but I've always been a big fighter.
Try your luck, you get stole the most like Bic lighters.
I fuck around and tell you some shit like.
I'll take that nerdy ass bitch you got, fuck her face and nut in her braces.
Have my kids behind bars like Sheltingham.
You basic fam but I knew that when you said all I do is punch.
The lies this hoe tell redundant, I spent days in the crib writing my best shit until my rounds finished.
You call me country? That means I'm the best western nigga to ever step into this.
Aye Mo, tell us why when shit got rocky at your home league you started asking for a bigger plate.
Talking bout some "Cause Kelz asked"
No you came to the rich Carton cause you was tired of that "Super 8"
You a loyal friend though, cause you still brought heavy bars battle league with you.
Okay, I'm with that.
Cause these arms strong enough to bench the whole heavy bar like a gym rack.
They said they got money on Gold head, well go head and off this nigga for the right price.
Get the heat tossed, I killed him and basically got cash for Gold like mall kiosks.
I'll punch the whole set but push you to the side I'm tryna see what your man's on.
Watch lead fill up you hole circle bitch this a scantron.
Your real name is Alistor Malik Morgan, you mom was clearly drunk when she named you there's no way she could be sober.
Now I get it, why you fuck with these nigga bitches. Malik Yoba.
Round 2: DeCypher
Nigga doing all that bumping like he really want fades.
Showed up looking like a gay referee.
You really got played...
See I can bend G...and that's a punch right there cause if you take a C and bend it it's a...man y'all don't care.
I'll stab him in the waist, causing havoc in the place.
This Khaos realm and you bouta be looking Havik in the face.
Yesterday was my birthday y'all and it's about to be a new year and new goals.
I was 19 in a cocoon couldn't wait to break outta that new mold.
Now I'm up here bodyin' you, story of my life I'm up 2-0
Story of my life I'm up 2-0 look at these fools Gold...
Can't even get they pie right tryna mimick the glow.
Little they know...it's scary when I spit.
Live a quiet life, but I barely get to vent.
Them raps you had for Julio...embarrassing as shit.
I'm with whatever, hidden treasure.
I would buried Benji in the pit.
Because I wow the place, you getting 3-0'd no round is safe for crowd debates.
Rain bubble, there's no round escape.
Drown this fake.
Liberation, I'm coming out the gate 'cause last time that I checked.
Benjamin Franklin wasn't a mountain face.
You a fountain drink nigga, soft.
I knew that when you said you'd "Heel a nigga" like Dr. Sebi.
Probably not even knowing who Dr. Sebi was before posthumous Nipsey buzz.
I hate niggas, knowing damn well the damage that info caused but you used it to get your name bigger.
Well okay smart ass let's play a little game in this called "Guess who he stole his style from" cause like Dr. Sebi.
I'm here to help you get rid of that "Aid" nigga...
Now ain't you best friends with Tori Doe?
Well in your battle with Sonny and this battle you admitted it so don't deny it as facts.
That slow start to your round...when you pause...look at the ground...
He wait for y'all to react?
That's how he draws you in like a marketing tactic, then outta nowhere switch up the pattern.
Add some wordplay to appeal to the masses, I don't pregame but I'm bouta do this demo graphic.
You...thought you could get away with it...but you for sure shanked you in some shit.
I hope you two came closer, cause I only came into mince.
The only people lacking when Benji ain't in they lives indigent.
You get it bitch.
That was exhibit A, and unlike Lux i'ont gotta bring out a fucking picture.
How you snake a woman who had an abortion and turned lesbian.
Now she gotta get rid of another nigga fucking figures.
I don't wanna hear about what you gonna do...what have you done.
He backs Tory so much we never know where he's coming from.
You punk bitch, we brought the Burg on the fuck shit.
Think niggas grocery shopping we brought all the bags back in one trip like fuck this.
Nigga we made for the static, you fake when you rap and it's basically average.
You getting extra bagged to make sure this ain't fall through like paper and plastic.
I'm a factor you can't ignore.
I could backhand you fast, or your cap can get stabbed.
Metal spikes on band head, that's the Batman Who Laughs.
How long can he last with this fake ass penning gimmick...if life begins at 30 then yours is ending with it after this I bet you quitting.
Give your two weeks quick dude, you seen me switch to a new bag.
What's on the receipt slipped through.
Eye'd him on the floor.
How I preserve the plan it's fair to label me the Vishnu he need tissues.
Shoulda expected the comic book nerd to give a nigga in D.C. issues.
Round 2: Bando Benji
Aye listen here pipsqueak.
Welcome to the castle of Our Society, I'm in the palace but you already knew nigga.
You just collecting trash along the gates outside with these new niggas.
Aye Travis the Prince... of Zemunda you rainbow fish...
Tales from the Crypt in the face ass bitch.
Why you keep on calling me capping Benji.
The fuck you wanna take that capping route with a Glock clean with a new beam.
Headshot bah...I'ma really show what capping bout.
That's all you getting from me cause y'all lil niggas need to stay in y'all place.
I just thought I'd drop a lil sumn for y'all to play on.
My fault I was just communicating with the dead this a sayonce.
Let's talk about your family route though...look at me when I'm talking to you...
Let's talk about your family root though...cause we know your grandmother was a coke whore and her mother was a cum bucket smut bitch that even her nigga had to dub.
So your mother got traced from her mother, and that's why she don't show this nigga love cause you probably look just like your father right?
Yeah I know, I been through it too.
Difference is I didn't have to let the fans know, ever since a kid I felt abandoned Holmes.
Why you think the name's Bando.
But off the muscle I got through it.
You too busy poppin' anti-psychs can't even tell that your mind's greyed.
So how can you convince us you'll control the room when you can't even control your mind state.
So what's the need for all them good writtens...
You still a stupid ass nigga, I just didn't think that it would be so blatant.
You so predictable, I had a vision this would come about in the future but That's so Raven.
I was cravin' (?)
They need space to see if you a G.
Lunacy, it's insane how I beat the charge.
I built a manor, that's crude to D.
I tried to battle forth to skip my class but got charged like truancy by a true emcee.
We all saw that Sonny battle, won't be none of that today.
I came through with my old swag.
You getting the me I was supposed to give Sonny I'm in my old bag.
They said this was a verbal warzone, they said there ain't no contact.
I ain't sign no contract, so I choke him mid verse that's how I fuck up DeCypher.
My screws loose to deuce you and I up on DeCypher.
Face shot BAH now docs can't even decipher DeCypher.
I got him brain dead, he in the hospital bed paralyzed like a vegetable.
I ain't even have to train, why the fuck you came through pimpin with a cane.
So if I hand D caps he gon be Metro accessible.
Woah woah woah
(?) Stop running from me you old hag.
You doing your thing though so I'ma let you brag and boast but think Meg the Stallion I'll lick a shot in your mouth.
You gon drive the boat.
We need questions answered right.
You rep CBG? On a rating scale would you give Q an A?
Confused bitch? I'll put hands on you and all them old sick bitches like a mad CNA.
I told man the truth, I ain't even wanna battle no more this year.
I was tryna kick back, pop a couple brews of my Corona.
Instead she wanted me to steal the kid then drown him in the river.
Kelz said I got the curse of Lla La Rona.
It's a horror scene, the shit's hideous even from afar like a steep distance.
Got a pair of normal Glocks.
It's like a paranormal shock cause if I catch him in the lens and get Ghost it's heat vision.
Round 3: DeCypher Tha Khaos
Money is the root of all evil.
People lacking happiness try to use it as a substitute going so far...as to put it in their names to earn a lunch or two.
I mean if you act like you got it you must right?
I guess Benji bringing Khaos to Our Society was nothing new.
Thank you...
Ight well fuck you too.
I brought you here if we being technical.
They told me knock it out the park and I'm Babe Ruth.
Bringing nothing but straight truth, this ain't Benji vs DeCypher it's DeCypher making his debut.
These gritty raps?
Littered trash.
Gangbanging in the trap? Tory Jr. stop it you's a mothafucking liar.
I'm the Joker in the Dark Knight after killing with the pen if Benji stacks I'll set him on fire.
It's not about the money...it's about sending a message.
Everything burns Bando...like Lila on Dexter.
OSBL...the destination for the map they sent for my travel.
I couldn't miss fitting a funeral in my schedule so they threw Benji in the battle...
Fair enough, that I picked it up just to pick you up if it's D you eye.
Even the designated driver won't lift you up.
Triple punch.
Knot over your head after the initial lump, so much for getting his face in the game.
Now you getting fed by the lil pump.
I wont even tuck what's with me, to keep it 100 bucket on Benji.
You get the concept, it's not complex but i'll still cut him swiftly by the breast through his chest now it's an eagle stamped in front of Benji.
Why you up here with me.
I'm street smart.
Wave in front to open you up this a key card.
Retard.
Cause I really don't fuckin like you.
It's just like your shirt cause I'ma be unbothered when I Stripe you nigga...
I mean you see me win opponents slain, you seen me lose.
Them growing pains, the rest'll get suspended using Band substance.
Roman Reigns.
I hope you get boo'd off stage.
I ain't condoning y'all booing him off stage but if he say something ass and dude is trash you know...boo him off stage.
Wait with the first two lines y'all still thinking our bars equal?
How? When BB pellets is non-lethal.
It gets worse pal.
Let's take it back to your battle with Sonny, brought schemes thinking some'll impact and all he left was a hurt crowd.
Now he reloaded to complete the objective and couldn't make it past the first round!
Aww shit it's getting awfully violent I park it right in.
The knife you take go out of you...like Coffee typing.
Speaking of Coffee you friends with Tori so this next line seems foul.
How she the one who ducked Coffee but you the one getting you bean ground.
Now I mentioned Coffee twice and that's why I hate these suckers that flex.
I mentioned Coffee cause like her last fight nigga, I punch with finesse.
Round 3: Bando Benji
This the round I predicted you do a whole bunch of name flips...so before you do it...I'ma do it.
You'll probably say some shit like...
"We pulled up on Band team and let a clip go, then we picked up the cases we don't miss shells. That's a decline like a damn ramp, this where your destiny lies think American Pie have you reminsicing on shooting that one time at Band camp."
or what you a regular URL fan so you'll probably tell me some shit about Banned Legacy or break it down like Banned Leg you see...the last nigga tried it and that shit failed miserably.
Is you kidding me.
You taking an L, no matter how you flip it, it reflects the same like symmetry.
Come into this battle, I was really confused at the similarities.
My nigga we so different.
I mean we both got facial hair and nigga we can rap but nigga we so different.
You allergenic, I'm toxigenic bitch the mold's different.
I know it's sad in here cause the truth hurt.
My bitch got a 9 I'll let that bitch peel off on cam like Rue shirt.
Last season he thought that was his but he couldn't make that Summer Impact he Tsu Surf.
Battle after battle you gain nothing.
You get no money...
So rumors about retirement was mentioned.
The pole'a lift, think the polar flick you gon die before that retirement pinching.
My nigga who really giving the shot to who?
You on your 17th battle it only took me 4 for me to get to you.
So humble yourself king.
You doing the most just to win over the mass,
Him and his team be transferring views y'all know DeCypher gassed.
He nice and all but that bullshit ain't enough to flow with me man.
Watch how shots slow his tempo, bullets'll turn DeCypher to a poetry slam.
I got him sent up to God now he eye to eye with the G.O.D.
He try me, you gon need more than a department of defense if D. O.D.
He need a "My clearance" think DOT Clearance to get him transported.
That's why D O.T.
Well let's switch the flow the piece'll blow a nigga face off.
Everybody in his fort doomed.
The tray I'll let it ring and it'll sing on a nigga like Tekashi in the courtroom.
But lets switch the flow again, he like here we go again.
Best believe I been done it, you want problems.
You can get it if you want it.
They gon have me on stage with the pound hanging from below the shirt like T-Top stomach.
The first time I met you, I knew you was a snake.
Everytime he smiled I could see the fangs.
Almost let the Nina ring, but I didn't.
Bitch think jail chips you woulda got The Whole Shabang.
You should believe me if I say it.
Your tombstone momma lay it.
These niggas say I got a lisp so they already know if I say it I'ma spray it.
They brought me here on a mission, now everybody gotta die.
I go and creep in my disguise, I got his location.
Big bald head spitting at him like Troy Martin on the 