

Sometimes I feel like Jesse James
Still trying to make a name
Knowing nothing's gonna change what I am
I was a young troubadour
When I rode in on a song
And I'll be an old troubadour when I'm gone

Well, the truth about a mirror
Is that a damned old mirror
Don't really tell the whole truth
It don't show what's deep inside
Or read between the lines
And it's really no reflection of my youth

Sometimes I feel like Jesse James
Still trying to make a name
Knowing nothing's gonna change what I am
I was a young troubadour
When I rode in on a song
I'll be an old troubadour when I'm gone
I was a young troubadour
When I rode in on a song
And I'll be an old troubadour when I'm gone
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
I'll be an old troubadour when I'm 

I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Before I even realize the ride I'm on baby I'm long gone
I get carried away nothing matters but being with you
Like a feather flying high up in the sky on a windy day, I get carried away

It might seem like an ordinary night
Same ol' stars, the same ol' moon up high
But when I see you standing at your door
Nothing's ordinary anymore

I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Before I even realize the ride I'm on baby I'm long gone
I get carried away nothing matters but being with you
Like a feather flying high up in the sky on a windy day, I get carried away

I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Before I even realize the ride I'm on baby I'm long gone
I get carried away nothing matters but being with you
Like a feather flying high up in the sky on a windy day, I get carried away
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also likeCarried 

And I said, "Well, I got a car," she said, "There's something
At least it's a start," I said, "It's better than nothing
I ain't in no hurry but I'm ready when you are"
And she said, "Where do you think all this is going?"
I said, "There ain't no way of knowing
I guess I hadn't thought it through that far
But I got a car"

So we let the wheels turn and the windows down
We let ourselves go all the way through town
She never said stop and I never asked her why
We drove into the night, when out of nowhere
She said, "I'd give anything to never go back there
And I kind of wish this day would never end"
She said, "I could use a change but I don't even know where to begin"
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
And I said, "Well, I got a car," she said, "There's something
At least it's a start," I said, "It's better than nothing
I ain't in no hurry but I'm ready when you are"
And she said, "Where do you think all this is going?"
I said, "There ain't no way of knowing
I really hadn't thought it through that far
I can't promise you the moon and the stars
But I got a car"

We got lost in the miles, lost track of the days
'Til we finally found a stopping place
When the doctor said, "You know what's on the way?"
And we found ourselves in a little white house
One Sunday morning, rain pouring down
She said, "I think it's time, but all the lines are out"

And her eyes teared up and she said, "What are we gonna do now?"
And I said, "Well, I got a car, she said, there's something
You think it'll start?" I said, "It's already running
Got your things in the back and I'm ready when you are"
She said, "Are you sure it'll get us where we're going?"
I said, "If there's one thing I know, girl, it's gotten us this far
And I don't mean to hurry, but I'm ready when you 

When it was the One Hundred and Seventy-fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that King Shahriman cried out to his son Kamar al-Zaman, "How durst thou answer me on this wise before my captains and soldiers? But hitherto none hath chastised thee. Knowest thou not that this deed thou hast done were a disgrace to him had it been done by the meanest of my subjects?" And the King commanded his Mamelukes to loose his elbow bonds and imprison him in one of the bastions of the citadel. So they took the Prince and thrust him into an old tower, wherein there was a dilapidated saloon and in its middle a ruined well, after having first swept it and cleansed its floor-flags and set therein a couch on which they laid a mattress, a leathern rug and a cushion; and then they brought a great lanthorn and a wax candle, for that place was dark, even by day. And lastly the Mamelukes led Kamar al-Zaman thither, and stationed an eunuch at the door. And when all this was done, the Prince threw himself on the couch, sad-spirited, and heavy- hearted; blaming himself and repenting of his injurious conduct to his father, whenas repentance availed him naught, and saying, "Allah curse marriage and marriageable and married women, the traitresses all! Would I had hearkened to my father and accepted a wife! Had I so done it had been better for me than this jail." This is how it fared with him; but as regards King Shahri man, he remained seated on his throne all through the day until sundown; then he took the Minister apart and said to him "Know thou, O Wazir, that thou and thou only west the cause of all this that hath come to pass between me and my son by the advice thou west pleased to devise; and so what dost thou counsel me to do now?" Answered he, "O King, leave thy son in limbo for the space of fifteen days: then summon him to thy presence and bid him wed; and assuredly he shall not gainsay thee again."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventy-fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Wazir, said to King Shahriman, "Leave thy son in limbo for the space of fifteen days; then summon him to thy presence and bid him wed; and assuredly he shall not gainsay thee again." The King accepted the Wazir's opinion and lay down to sleep that night troubled at heart concerning his son; for he loved him with dearest love because he had no other child but this; and it was his wont every night not to sleep, save after placing his arm under his son's neck. So he passed that night in trouble and unease on the Prince 's account, tossing from side to side, as he were laid on coals of Artemisia-wood: for he was overcome with doubts and fears and sleep visited him not all that livelong night; but his eyes ran over with tears and he began repeating, ;
"While slanderers slumber, longsome is my night; *
             Suffice thee a heart so sad in parting-plight;
I say, while night in care slow moments by, *
             'What! no return for thee, fair morning light?'"
And the saying of another,
"When saw I Pleiad-stars his glance escape *
             And Pole star draught of sleep upon him pour;
And the Bier-daughters wend in mourning dight, *
             I knew that morning was for him no more!"
Such was the case with King Shahriman; but as regards Kamar al- Zaman, when the night came upon him the eunuch set the lanthorn before him and lighting the wax-candle, placed it in the candlestick; then brought him somewhat of food. The Prince ate a little and continually reproached himself for his unseemly treatment of his father, saying to himself, "O my soul, knowest thou not that a son of Adam is the hostage of his tongue, and that a man's tongue is what casteth him into deadly perils?" Then his eyes ran over with tears and he bewailed that which he had done, from anguished vitals and aching heart, repenting him with exceeding repentance of the wrong wherewith he had wronged his father and repeating,
"Fair youth shall die by stumbling of the tongue: *
             Stumble of foot works not man's life such wrong:
The slip of lip shall oft smite off the head, *
             While slip of foot shall never harm one long."
Now when he had made an end of eating, he asked for the wherewithal to wash his hands and when the Mameluke had washed them clean of the remnants of food, he arose and made the Wuzu-ablution and prayed the prayers of sundown and nightfall, conjoining them in one; after which he sat down.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Hundred and Seventy-sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the Prince Kamar al-Zaman had prayed (conjoining them in one) the prayers of sundown and nightfall, he sat down on the well and began reciting the Koran, and he repeated "The Cow," the "House of Imrán," and "Y. S.;" "The Compassionate," "Blessed be the King," "Unity" and "The two Talismans''; and he ended with blessing and supplication and with saying, "I seek refuge with Allah from Satan the stoned." Then he lay down upon his couch which was covered with a mattress of satin from al- Ma'adin town, the same on both sides and stuffed with the raw silk of Irak; and under his head was a pillow filled with ostrich-down And when ready for sleep, he doffed his outer clothes and drew off his bag-trousers and lay down in a shirt of delicate stuff smooth as wax; and he donned a head-kerchief of azure Marázi cloth; and at such time and on this guise Kamar al-Zaman was like the full-orbed moon, when it riseth on its fourteenth night. Then, drawing over his head a coverlet of silk, he fell asleep with the lanthorn burning at his feet and the wax-candle over his head, and he ceased not sleeping through the first third of the night, not knowing what lurked for him in the womb of the Future, and what the Omniscient had decreed for him. Now, as Fate and Fortune would have it, both tower and saloon were old and had been many years deserted; and there was therein a Roman well inhabited by a Jinniyah of the seed of Iblis the Accursed, by name Maymúnah, daughter of Al- Dimiryát, a renowned King of the Jánn.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventy-seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the name of the Jinniyah in question was Maymunah, daughter of Al-Dimiryat; a renowned King of the Jann. And as Kamar al-Zaman continued sleeping till the first third of the night, Maymunah came up out of the Roman well and made for the firmament, thinking to listen by stealth to the converse of the angels; but when she reached the mouth of the well, she saw a light shining in the tower, contrary to custom; and having dwelt there many years without seeing the like, she said to herself, "Never have I witnessed aught like this"; and, marvelling much at the matter, determined that there must be some cause therefor. So she made for the light and found the eunuch sleeping within the door; and inside she saw a couch spread, whereon was a human form with the wax-candle burning at his head and the lanthorn at his feet, and she wondered to see the light and stole towards it little by little. Then she folded her wings and stood by the bed and, drawing back the coverlid, discovered Kamar al-Zaman's face. She was motionless for a full hour in admiration and wonderment; for the lustre of his visage outshone that of the candle; his face beamed like a pearl with light; his eyelids were languorous like those of the gazelle; the pupils of his eyes were intensely black and brilliant; his cheeks were rosy red; his eye-brows were arched like bows and his breath exhaled a scent of musk, even as saith of him the poet,
"I kissed him: darker grew those pupils, which *
             Seduce my soul, and cheeks flushed rosier hue;
O heart, if slanderers dare to deem there be *
             His like in chasms, Say 'Bring him hither, you!' "
Now when Maymunah saw him, she pronounced the formula of praise, and said, "Blessed be Allah, the best of Creators!"; for she was of the true-believing Jinn; and she stood awhile gazing on his face, exclaiming and envying the youth his beauty and loveliness. And she said in herself, "By Allah! I will do no hurt to him nor let any harm him; nay, from all of evil will I ransom him, for this fair face deserveth not but that folk should gaze upon it and for it praise the Lord. Yet how could his family find it in their hearts to leave him in such desert place where, if one of our Márids came upon him at this hour, he would assuredly slay him." Then the Ifritah Maymunah bent over him and kissed him between the eyes, and presently drew back the sheet over his face which she covered up; and after this she spread her wings and soaring into the air, flew upwards. And after rising high from the circle of the saloon she ceased not winging her way through air and ascending skywards till she drew near the heaven of this world, the lowest of the heavens. And behold, she heard the noisy flapping of wings cleaving the welkin and, directing herself by the sound, she found when she drew near it that the noise came from an Ifrit called Dahnash. So she swooped down on him like a sparrow-hawk and, when he was aware of her and knew her to be Maymunah, the daughter of the King of the Jinn, he feared her and his side-muscles quivered; and he implored her forbearance, saying, I conjure thee by the Most Great and August Name and by the most noble talisman graven upon the seal-ring of Solomon, entreat me kindly and harm me not!" When she heard these words her heart inclined to him and she said, "Verily, thou conjurest me, O accursed, with a mighty conjuration. Nevertheless, I will not let thee go, till thou tell me whence thou comest at this hour." He replied, "O Princess, Know that I come from the uttermost end of China-land and from among the Islands, and I will tell thee of a wonderful thing I have seen this night. If thou kind my words true, let me wend my way and write me a patent under thy hand and with thy sign manual that I am thy freedman, so none of the Jinn-hosts, whether of the upper who fly or of the lower who walk the earth or of those who dive beneath the waters, do me let or hindrance." Rejoined Maymunah, "And what is it thou hast seen this night, O liar, O accursed! Tell me without leasing and think not to escape from my hand with falses, for I swear to thee by the letters graven upon the bezel of the seal-ring of Solomon David son (on both of whom be peace!), except thy speech be true, I will pluck out thy feathers with mine own hand and strip off thy skin and break thy bones!" Quoth the Ifrit Dahnash son of Shamhúrish the Flyer, "I accept, O my lady, these conditions."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventy-eight Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Dahnash spoke thus to Maymunah, "I accept, O my lady, these conditions." Then he resumed, "Know, O my mistress, that I come to-night from the Islands of the Inland Sea in the parts of China, which are the realms of King Ghayúr, lord of the Islands and the Seas and the Seven Palaces. There I saw a daughter of his, than whom Allah hath made none fairer in her time: I cannot picture her to thee, for my tongue would fail to describe her with her due of praise; but I will name to thee a somewhat of her charms by way of approach. Now her hair is like the nights of disunion and separation and her face like the days of union and delectation; and right well hath the poet said when picturing her,
'She dispread the locks from her head one night, *
             Showing four fold nights into one night run
And she turned her visage towards the moon, *
             And two moons showed at moment one.'
She hath a nose like the edge of the burnished blade and cheeks like purple wine or anemones blood-red: her lips as coral and carnelian shine and the water of her mouth is sweeter than old wine; its taste would quench Hell's fiery pain. Her tongue is moved by wit of high degree and ready repartee: her breast is a seduction to all that see it (glory be to Him who fashioned it and finished it!); and joined thereto are two upper arms smooth and rounded; even as saith of her the poet Al-Walahán,
'She hath wrists which, did her bangles not contain, *
             Would run from out her sleeves in silvern rain.'
She hath breasts like two globes of ivory, from whose brightness the moons borrow light, and a stomach with little waves as it were a figured cloth of the finest Egyptian linen made by the Copts, with creases like folded scrolls, ending in a waist slender past all power of imagination; based upon back parts like a hillock of blown sand, that force her to sit when she would fief stand, and awaken her, when she fain would sleep, even as saith of her and describeth her the poet,

'She hath those hips conjoined by thread of waist, *
             Hips that o'er me and her too tyrannise
My thoughts they daze whene'er I think of them, *
             And weigh her down whene'er she would uprise.'
And those back parts are upborne by thighs smooth and round and by a calf like a column of pearl, and all this reposeth upon two feet, narrow, slender and pointed like spear-blades, the handiwork of the Protector and Requiter, I wonder how, of their littleness, they can sustain what is above them. But I cut short my praises of her charms fearing lest I be tedious."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventy-ninth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Ifrit Dahnash bin Shamhurish said to the Ifritah Maymunah, "Of a truth I cut short my praises fearing lest I be tedious." Now when Maymunah heard the description of that Princess and her beauty and loveliness, she stood silent in astonishment; whereupon Dahnash resumed, "The father of this fair maiden is a mighty King, a fierce knight, immersed night and day in fray and fight; for whom death hath no fright and the escape of his foe no dread, for that he is a tyrant masterful and a conqueror irresistible, lord of troops and armies and continents and islands, and cities and villages, and his name is King Ghayur, Lord of the Islands and of the Seas and of the Seven Palaces. Now he loveth his daughter, the young maiden whom I have described to thee, with dearest love and, for affection of her, he hath heaped together the treasures of all the kings and built her therewith seven palaces, each of a different fashion; the first of crystal, the second of marble, the third of China steel, the fourth of precious stones and gems of price, the fifth of porcelain and many-hued onyxes and ring bezels, the sixth of silver and the seventh of gold. And he hath filled the seven palaces with all sorts of sumptuous furniture, rich silken carpets and hangings and vessels of gold and silver and all manner of gear that kings require; and hath bidden his daughter to abide in each by turns for a certain season of the year; and her name is the Princess Budur. Now when her beauty became known and her name and fame were bruited abroad in the neighbouring countries, all the kings sent to her father to demand her of him in marriage, and he consulted her on the matter, but she disliked the very word wedlock with a manner of abhorrence and said, O my father, I have no mind to marry; no, not at all; for I am a sovereign Lady and a Queen suzerain ruling over men, and I have no desire for a man who shall rule over me. And the more suits she refused, the more her suitors' eagerness increased and all the Royalties of the Inner Islands of China sent presents and rarities to her father with letters asking her in marriage. So he pressed her again and again with advice on the matter of espousals; but she ever opposed to him refusals, till at last she turned upon him angrily and cried, 'O my father, if thou name matrimony to me once more, I will go into my chamber and take a sword and, fixing its hilt in the ground, will set its point to my waist; then will I press upon it, till it come forth from my back, and so slay myself.' Now when the King heard these her words, the light became darkness in his sight and his heart burned for her as with a flame of fire, because he feared lest she should kill herself; and he was filled with perplexity concerning her affair and the kings her suitors. So he said to her 'If thou be determined not to marry and there be no help for it abstain from going and coming in and out.' Then he placed her in a house and shut her up in a chamber, appointing ten old women as duennas to guard her, and forbade her to go forth to the Seven Palaces; moreover, he made it appear that he was incensed against her, and sent letters to all the kings, giving them to know that she had been stricken with madness by the Jinns; and it is now a year since she hath thus been secluded." Then continued the Ifrit Dahnash, addressing the Ifritah Maymunah, "And I, O my lady go to her every night and take my fill of feeding my sight on her face and I kiss her between the eyes: yet, of my love to her, I do her no hurt neither mount her, for that her youth is fair and her grace surpassing: every one who seeth her jealouseth himself for her. I conjure thee, therefore, O my lady, to go back with me and look on her beauty and loveliness and stature and perfection of proportion; and after, if thou wilt, chastise me or enslave me; and win to thy will, for it is shine to bid and to forbid." So saying, the Ifrit Dahnash bowed his head towards the earth and drooped his wings downward; but Maymunah laughed at his words and spat in his face and answered, "What is this girl of whom thou pratest but a potsherd wherewith to wipe after making water? Faugh! Faugh! By Allah, O accursed, I thought thou hadst some wondrous tale to tell me or some marvellous news to give me. How would it be if thou were to sight my beloved? Verily, this night I have seen a young man, whom if thou saw though but in a dream, thou wouldst be palsied with admiration and spittle would flow from thy mouth." Asked the Ifrit, "And who and what is this youth?"; and she answered, "Know, O Dahnash, that there hath befallen the young man the like of what thou tellest me befel thy mistress; for his father pressed him again and again to marry, but he refused, till at length his sire waxed wroth at being opposed and imprisoned him in the tower where I dwell: and I came up to-night and saw him." Said Dahnash, "O my lady, shew me this youth, that I may see if he be indeed handsomer than my mistress, the Princess Budur, or not; for I cannot believe that the like of her liveth in this our age." Rejoined Maymunah, "Thou liest, O accursed, O most ill-omened of Marids and vilest of Satans! Sure am I that the like of my beloved is not in this world."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When It was the One Hundred and Eightieth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Ifritah Maymunah spake thus to the Ifrit Dahnash, "Sure am I that the like of my beloved is not in this world! Art thou mad to fellow thy beloved with my beloved?" He said, "Allah upon thee, O my lady, go back with me and look upon my mistress, and after I will with thee and look upon thy beloved." She answered, "It must needs be so, O accursed, for thou art a knavish devil; but I will not go with thee nor shalt thou come with me, save upon condition of a wager which is this. If the lover thou lovest and of whom thou boastest so bravely, prove handsomer than mine whom I mentioned and whom I love and of whom I boast, the bet shall be shine against me; but if my beloved prove the handsomer the bet shall be mine against thee." Quoth Dahnash the Ifrit, "O my lady, I accept this thy wager and am satisfied thereat; so come with me to the Islands." Quoth Maymunah; "No! for the abode of my beloved is nearer than the abode of shine: here it is under us; so come down with me to see my beloved and after we will go look upon thy mistress." "I hear and I obey," said Dahnash. So they descended to earth and alighted in the saloon which the tower contained; then Maymunah stationed Dahnash beside the bed and, putting out her hand, drew back the silken coverlet from Kamar al-Zaman's face, when it glittered and glistened and shimmered and shone like the rising sun. She gazed at him for a moment, then turning sharply round upon Dahnash said, "Look, O accursed, and be not the basest of madmen; I am a maid, yet my heart he hath waylaid." So Dahnash looked at the Prince and long continued gazing steadfastly on him then, shaking his head, said to Maymunah, "By Allah, O my lady, thou art excusable; but there is yet another thing to be considered, and this is, that the estate female differeth from the male. By Allah's might, this thy beloved is the likest of all created things to my mistress in beauty and loveliness and grace and perfection; and it is as though they were both cast alike in the mould of seemlihead." Now when Maymunah heard these words, the light became darkness in her sight and she dealt him with her wing so fierce a buffet on the head as well-nigh made an end of him. Then quoth she to him, "I conjure thee, by the light of his glorious countenance, go at once, O accursed, and bring hither thy mistress whom thou lovest so fondly and foolishly, and return in haste that we may lay the twain together and look on them both as they lie asleep side by side; so shall it appear to us which be the goodlier and more beautiful of the two. Except thou obey me this very moment, O accursed, I will dart my sparks at thee with my fire and consume thee; yea, in pieces I will rend thee and into the deserts cast thee, that to stay at home and wayfarer an example thou be!" Quoth Dahnash, "O my lady, I will do thy behests, for I know forsure that my mistress is the fairer and the sweeter." So saying the If rit flew away and Maymunah flew with him to guard him. They were absent awhile and presently returned, bearing the young lady, who was clad in a shift of fine Venetian silk, with a double edging of gold and purfled with the most exquisite of embroidery having these couplets worked upon the ends of the sleeves,
"Three matters hinder her from visiting us, in fear *
            Of hate-full, slandering envier and his hired spies:
The shining light of brow, the trinkets' tinkling voice, *
            And scent of essences that tell whene'er she tries:
Gi'en that she hide her brow with edge of sleeve, and leave *
             At home her trinketry, how shall her scent
             disguise?''
And Dahnash and Maymunah stinted not bearing that young lady till they had carried her into the saloon and had laid her beside the youth Kamar al-Zaman.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-first Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Ifrit Dahnash and the Ifritah Maymunah stinted not bearing Princess Budur till they descended and laid her on the couch beside Kamar al- Zaman. Then they uncovered both their faces, and they were the likest of all folk, each to other, as they were twins or an only brother and sister; and indeed they were a seduction to the pious, even as saith of them the poet Al-Mubín,
"O heart! be not thy love confined to one, *
Lest thou by doting or disdain be undone:
Love all the fair, and thou shalt find with them *
If this be lost, to thee that shall be won."
And quoth another,
"Mine eyes beheld two lying on the ground; *
            Both had I loved if on these eyne they lay!"
So Dahnash and Maymunah gazed on them awhile, and he said, "By Allah, O my lady, it is good! My mistress is assuredly the fairer." She replied, "Not so, my beloved is the fairer; woe to thee, O Dahnash! Art blind of eye and heart that lean from fat thou canst not depart? Wilt thou hide the truth? Dost thou not see his beauty and loveliness and fine stature and symmetry? Out on thee, hear what I purpose to say in praise of my beloved and, if thou be a lover true to her thou dost love, do thou the like for her thou Lovest." Then she kissed Kamar al-Zaman again and again between the eyes and improvised this ode,
"How is this? Why should the blamer abuse thee in his pride?
What shall console my heart for thee, that art but slender bough?
A Nature Kohl'd eye thou hast that witcheth far and wide;
From pure platonic love of it deliverance none I trow!
Those glances, fell as plundering Turk, to heart such havoc deal
As never havocked scymitar made keenest at the curve.
On me thou layest load of love the heaviest while I feel
So feeble grown that under weight of chemisette I swerve.
My love for thee as wottest well is habit, and my lowe
Is nature; to all others false is all the love I tender:
Now were my heart but like to shine I never would say No;
Only my wasted form is like thy waist so gracious slender:
Out on him who in Beauty's robe for moon like charms hath fame,
And who is claimed by mouth of men as marvel of his tribe!
'Of man what manner may he be' (ask they who flyte and blame)
'For whom thy heart is so distressed?' I only cry 'Describe!'
Oh stone-entempered heart of him! learn of his yielding grace
And bending form to show me grace and yielding to consent.
Oh my Prince Beautiful, thou hast an Overseer in place
Who irketh me, and eke a Groom whose wrong cloth ne'er relent.
Indeed he lieth who hath said that all of loveliness
Was pent in Joseph: in thy charms there's many and many a Joe!
The Genii dread me when I stand and face to face address;
But meeting thee my fluttering heart its shame and terror show.
I take aversion semblance and I turn from thee in fright,
But more aversion I assume, more love from me dost claim;
That hair of jetty black! That brow e'er raying radiant light! Those eyne wherein white jostles black! That dearling dainty frame!"
When Dahnash heard the poesy which Maymunah spake in praise of her beloved, he joyed with exceeding joy and marvelled with excessive wonderment.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-second Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the Ifrit Dahnash heard the poesy which Maymunah spake in praise of her beloved, he shook for exceeding joy and said, "Thou hast celebrated thy beloved in song and thou hast indeed done well in praise of him whom thou lovest! And there is no help for it but that I also in my turn do my best to enfame my mistress, and recite somewhat in her honour." Then the Ifrit went up to the Lady Budur; and' kissing her between the eyes, looked at Maymunah and at his beloved Princess and recited the following verses, albeit he had no skill in poesy,
"Love for my fair they chide in angry way; *
             Unjust for ignorance, yea unjustest they!
Ah lavish favours on the love mad, whom *
             Taste of thy wrath and parting woe shall slay:
In sooth for love I'm wet with railing tears, *
             That rail mine eyelids blood thou mightest say:
No marvel what I bear for love, 'tis marvel *
             That any know my "me" while thou'rt away:
Unlawful were our union did I doubt *
             Thy love, or heart incline to other May."
And eke these words:—
"I feed eyes on their stead by the valley's side, *
             And I'm slain and my slaver aside hath tried:
Grief-wine have I drunken, and down my cheeks *
             Dance tears to the song of the camel-guide:
For union-blessing I strive though sure, *
             In Budur and Su'ad all my bliss shall bide:
Wot I not which of three gave me most to 'plain, *
             So hear them numbered ere thou decide:
Those Sworders her eyne, that Lancer her fig- *
             -ure, or ring-mail'd Locks which her forehead hide.
Quoth she (and I ask of her what so wights *
             Or abide in towns or in desert ride )
To me, 'In thy heart I dwell, look there!' *
             Quoth I, 'Where's my heart ah where? ah where?'"
When Maymunah heard these lines from the Ifrit, she said, "Thou hast done well, O Dahnash! But say thou which of the two is the handsomer?" And he answered, "My mistress Budur is handsomer than thy beloved!" Cried Maymunah, "Thou liest, O accursed. Nay, my beloved is more beautiful than shine!" But Dahnash persisted, "Mine is the fairer." And they ceased not to wrangle and challenge each other's words till Maymunah cried out at Dahnash and would have laid violent hands on him, but he humbled himself to her and, softening his speech, said, "Let not the truth be a grief to thee, and cease we this talk, for all we say is to testify in favour of our lovers; rather let each of us withdraw the claim and seek we one who shall judge fairly between us which of the two be fairer; and by his sentence we will abide." "I agree to this," answered she and smote the earth with her foot, whereupon there came out of it an Ifrit blind of an eye, humpbacked and scurvy-skinned, with eye-orbits slit up and down his face. On his head were seven horns and four locks of hair fell to his heels; his hands were pitchfork-like and his legs mast-like and he had nails as the claws of a lion, and feet as the hoofs of the wild ass. When that If rit rose out of the earth and sighted Maymunah, he kissed the ground before her and, standing with his hands clasped behind him, said, "What is thy will, O my mistress, O daughter of my King?" She replied, "O Kashkash, I would have thee judge between me and this accursed Dahnash." And she made known to him the matter, from first to last, whereupon the Ifrit Kashkash looked at the face of the youth and then at the face of the girl; and saw them lying asleep, embraced, each with an arm under the other's neck, alike in beauty and loveliness and equal in grace and goodliness. The Marid gazed long upon them, marvelling at their seemlihead; and, after carefully observing the twain, he turned to Maymunah and Dahnash, and reseated these couplets.
"Go, visit her thou lovest, and regard not
The words detractors utter, envious churls
Can never favour love. Oh! sure the Merciful
Ne'er made a thing more fair to look upon,
Than two fond lovers in each others' arms,
Speaking their passion in a mute embrace.
When heart has turned to heart, the fools would part them
Strike idly on cold steel. So when thou'st found
One purely, wholly shine, accept her true heart,
And live for her alone. Oh! thou that blamest
The love-struck for their love, give o'er thy talk,
How canst thou minister to a mind diseased?"
Then he turned again to Maymunah and Dahnash and said to them, "By Allah, if you will have the truth, I tell you fairly the twain be equal in beauty, and loveliness and perfect grace and goodliness, nor can I make any difference between them on account of their being man and woman. But I have another thought which is that we wake each of them in turn, without the knowledge of the other, and whichever is the more enamoured shall be held inferior in seemlihead and comeliness." Quoth Maymunah, "Right is this recking," and quoth Dahnash, "I consent to this." Then Dahnash changed himself to the form of a flea and bit Kamar al-Zaman, whereupon he started from sleep in a fright.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-third Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Dahnash changed himself to the form of a flea and bit Kamar al-Zaman who started from sleep in a fright and rubbed the bitten part, his neck, and scratched it hard because of the smart. Then turning sideways, he found lying by him something whose breath was sweeter than musk and whose skin was softer than cream. Hereat marvelled he with great marvel and he sat up and looked at what lay beside him; when he saw it to be a young lady like an union pearl, or a shining sun, or a dome seen from afar on a well built wall; for she was five feet tall, with a shape like the letter Alif, bosomed high and rosy checked; even as saith of her the poet,
"Four things which ne'er conjoin, unless it be *
             To storm my vitals and to shed my blood:
Brow white as day and tresses black as night *
             Cheeks rosy red and lips which smiles o'erflood."
And also quoth another,
"A Moon she rises, Willow wand she waves, *
             Breathes Ambergris, and gazes, a Gazelle:
Meseems that sorrow woes my heart and wins *
             And, when she wendeth hastes therein to dwell!"
And when Kamar al-Zaman saw the Lady Budur, daughter of King Ghayur, and her beauty and comeliness, she was sleeping clad in a shift of Venetian silk, without her petticoat-trousers, and wore on her head a kerchief embroidered with gold and set with stones of price: her ears were hung with twin earrings which shone like constellations and round her neck was a collar of union pearls, of size unique, past the competence of any King. When he saw this, his reason was confounded and natural heat began to stir in him; Allah awoke in him the desire of coition and he said to himself, "Whatso Allah willeth, that shall be, and what He willeth not shall never be!" So saying, he put out his hand and, turning her over, loosed the collar of her chemise; then arose before his sight her bosom, with its breasts like double globes of ivory; whereat his inclination for her redoubled and he desired her with exceeding hot desire, He would have awakened her but she would not awake, for Dahnash had made her sleep heavy; so he shook her and moved her, saying, "O my beloved, awake and look on me; I am Kamar al-Zaman." But she awoke not, neither moved her head; where-upon he considered her case for a long hour and said to himself, "If I guess aright, this is the damsel to whom my father would have married me and these three years past I have refused her; but Inshallah!—God willing—as soon as it is dawn, I will say to him, 'Marry me to her, that I may enjoy her.'"—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman said to himself, "By Allah, when I see dawn I will say to my sire, 'Marry me to her that I may enjoy her'; nor will I let half the day pass ere I possess her and take my fill of her beauty and loveliness." Then he bent over Budur to buss her, whereat the Jinniyah Maymunah trembled and was abashed and Dahnash, the Ifrit, was like to fly for joy. But, as Kamar al- Zaman was about to kiss her upon the mouth, he was ashamed before Allah and turned away his head and averted his face, saying to his heart, "Have patience." Then he took thought awhile and said, "I will be patient; haply my father when he was wroth with me and sent me to this jail, may have brought my young lady and made her lie by my side to try me with her, and may have charged her not to be readily awakened when I would arouse her, and may have said to her, 'Whatever thing Kamar al-Zaman do to thee, make me ware thereof'; or belike my sire standeth hidden in some stead whence (being himself unseen) he can see all I do with this young lady; and to morrow he will scold me and cry, 'How cometh it that thou sayest, I have no mind to marry; and yet thou didst kiss and embrace yonder damsel?' So I will withhold myself lest I be ashamed before my sire; and the right and proper thing to do is not to touch her at this present, nor even to look upon her, except to take from her somewhat which shall serve as a token to me and a memorial of her; that some sign endure between me and her." Then Kamar al-Zaman raised the young lady's hand and took from her little finger a seal-ring worth an immense amount of money, for that its bezel was a precious jewel and around it were graven these couplets,
"Count not that I your promises forgot, *
             Despite the length of your delinquencies
Be generous, O my lord, to me inclining; *
             Haply your mouth and cheeks these lips may kiss:
By Allah, ne'er will I relinquish you *
             Albe you will transgress love's boundaries."
Then Kamar al-Zaman took the seal-ring from the little finger of Queen Budur and set it on his own; then, turning his back to her, went to sleep. When Maymunah the Jinniyah saw this, she was glad and said to Dahnash and Kashkash, "Saw ye how my beloved Kamar al-Zaman bore himself chastely towards this young lady? Verily, this was of the perfection of his good gifts; for observe you twain how he looked on her and noted her beauty and loveliness, and yet embraced her not neither kissed her nor put his hand to her, but turned his back and slept." Answered they, "Even so!" Thereupon Maymunah changed herself into a flea and entering into the raiment of Budur, the loved of Dahnash, crept up her calf and came upon her thigh and, reaching a place some four carats below her navel, there bit her. Thereupon she opened her eyes and sitting up in bed, saw a youth lying beside her and breathing heavily in his sleep, the loveliest of Almighty Allah's creatures, with eyes that put to shame the fairest Houris of Heaven; and a mouth like Solomon's seal, whose water was sweeter to the taste and more efficacious than a theriack, and lips the colour of coral-stone, and cheeks like the blood red anemone, even as saith one, describing him in these couplets,
"My mind's withdrawn from Zaynab and Nawár *
             By rosy cheeks that growth of myrtle bear;
I love a fawn, a tunic-vested boy, *
             And leave the love of bracelet-wearing Fair:
My mate in hall and closet is unlike *
             Her that I play with, as at home we pair.
Oh thou, who blam'st my flight from Hind and Zaynab, *
             The cause is clear as dawn uplighting air!
Would'st have me fare a slave, the thrall of thrall, *
             Cribbed, pent, confined behind the bar and wall?"
Now when Princess Budur saw him, she was seized by a transport of passion and yearning and love-longing,—And Shahrazad per ceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Princess Budur saw Kamar al-Zaman she was forthwith seized with a transport of passion and yearning and love longing, and she said to herself, "Alas, my shame! This is a strange youth and I know him not. How cometh he to be lying by my side on one bed?" Then she looked at him a second time and, noting his beauty and loveliness, said, "By Allah, he is indeed a comely youth and my heart is well-nigh torn in sunder with longing for him! But alas, how am I shamed by him! By the Almighty, had I known it was this youth who sought me in marriage of my father, I had not rejected him, but had wived with him and enjoyed his loveliness!" Then she gazed in his face and said, "O my lord and light of mine eyes, awake from sleep and take thy pleasure in my beauty and grace." And she moved him with her hand; but Maymunah the Jinniyah let down sleep upon him as it were a curtain, and pressed heavily on his head with her wings so that Kamar al-Zaman awoke not. Then Princess Budur shook him with her hands and said, "My life on thee, hearken to me; awake and up from thy sleep and look on the narcissus and the tender down thereon, and enjoy the sight of naked waist and navel; and touzle me and tumble me from this moment till break of day! Allah upon thee, O my lord, sit up and prop thee against the pillow and slumber not!" Still Kamar al-Zaman made her no reply but breathed hard in his sleep. Continued she, "Alas! Alas! thou art insolent in thy beauty and comeliness and grace and loving looks! But if thou art handsome, so am I handsome; what then is this thou dost? Have they taught thee to flout me or hath my father, the wretched old fellow, made thee swear not to speak to me to-night?" But Kamar al-Zaman opened not his mouth neither awoke, whereat her passion for him redoubled and Allah inflamed her heart with love of him. She stole one glance of eyes that cost her a thousand sighs: her heart fluttered, and her vitals throbbed and her hands and feet quivered; and she said to Kamar al-Zaman "Talk to me, O my lord! Speak to me, O my friend! Answer me, O my beloved, and tell me thy name, for indeed thou hast ravished my wit!" And during all this time he abode drowned in sleep and answered her not a word, and Princess Budur sighed and said, "Alas! Alas! why art thou so proud and self satisfied?" Then she shook him and turning his hand over, saw her seal-ring on his little finger, whereat she cried a loud cry, and followed it with a sigh of passion and said, "Alack! Alack! By Allah, thou art my beloved and thou lovest me! Yet thou seemest to turn thee away from me out of coquetry, for all, O my darling, thou camest to me, whilst I was asleep and knew not what thou didst with me, and tookest my seal-ring; and yet I will not pull it off thy finger." So saying, she opened the bosom of his shirt and bent over him and kissed him and put forth her hand to him, seeking somewhat that she might take as a token, but found nothing. Then she thrust her hand into his breast and, because of the smoothness of his body, it slipped down to his waist and thence to his navel and thence to his yard, whereupon her heart ached and her vitals quivered and lust was sore upon her, for that the desire of women is fiercer than the desire of men, and she was ashamed of her own shamelessness. Then she plucked his seal-ring from his finger, and put it on her own instead of the ring he had taken, and bussed his inner lips and hands, nor did she leave any part of him unkissed; after which she took him to her breast and embraced him and, laying one of her hands under his neck and the other under his arm-pit, nestled close to him and fell asleep by his side.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One hundred and Eighty-sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Princess Budur fell asleep by the side of Kamar al-Zaman, after doing that which she did, quoth Maymunah to Dahnash, Night thou, O accursed, how proudly and coquettishly my beloved bore himself, and how hotly and passionately thy mistress showed herself to my dearling? There can be no doubt that my beloved is handsomer than shine; nevertheless I pardon thee." Then she wrote him a document of manumission and turned to Kashkash and said, "Go, help Dahnash to take up his mistress and aid him to carry her back to her own place, for the night waneth apace and there is but little left of it." "I hear and I obey;" answered Kashkash. So the two Ifrits went forward to Princess Budur and upraising her flew away with her; then, bearing her back to her own place, they laid her on her bed, whilst Maymunah abode alone with Kamar al-Zaman, gazing upon him as he slept, till the night was all but spent, when she went her way. As soon as morning morrowed, the Prince awoke from sleep and turned right and left, but found not the maiden by him and said in his mind, "What is this business? It is as if my father would incline me to marriage with the damsel who was with me and have now taken her away by stealth, to the intent that my desire for wedlock may redouble." Then he called out to the eunuch who slept at the door, saying, "Woe to thee, O damned one, arise at once!" So the eunuch rose, bemused with sleep, and brought him basin and ewer, whereupon Kamar al-Zaman entered the water closet and did his need; then, coming out made the Wuzu-ablution and prayed the dawn-prayer, after which he sat telling on his beads the ninety-and-nine names of Almighty Allah. Then he looked up and, seeing the eunuch standing in service upon him, said, "Out on thee, O Sawáb! Who was it came hither and took away the young lady from my side and I still sleeping?" Asked the eunuch, 'O my lord, what manner of young lady?" "The young lady who lay with me last night," replied Kamar al-Zaman. The eunuch was startled at his words and said to him, "By Allah, there hath been with thee neither young lady nor other! How should young lady have come in to thee, when I was sleeping in the doorway and the door was locked? By Allah, O my lord, neither male nor female hath come in to thee!" Exclaimed the Prince, "Thou liest, O pestilent slave!: is it of thy competence also to hoodwink me and refuse to tell me what is become of the young lady who lay with me last night and decline to inform me who took her away?" Replied the eunuch (and he was affrighted at him), "By Allah, O my lord, I have seen neither young lady nor young lord!" His words only angered Kamar al-Zaman the more and he said to him, "O accursed one, my father hath indeed taught thee deceit! Come hither." So the eunuch came up to him, and the Prince took him by the collar and dashed him to the ground; whereupon he let fly a loud fart and Kamar al-Zaman, kneeling upon him, kicked him and throttled him till he fainted away. Then he dragged him forth and tied him to the well-rope, and let him down like a bucket into the well and plunged him into the water, then drew him up and lowered him down again. Now it was hard winter weather, and Kamar al-Zaman ceased not to plunge the eunuch into the water and pull him up again and douse him and haul him whilst he screamed and called for help; and the Prince kept on saying "By Allah, O damned one, I will not draw thee up out of this well till thou tell me and fully acquaint me with the story of the young lady and who it was took her away, whilst I slept."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One and Eighty-seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman said to the eunuch, "By Allah! I will not draw thee up out of this well until thou tell me the story of the young lady and who it was took her away whilst I slept." Answered the eunuch, after he had seen death staring him in the face; "O my lord, let me go and I will relate to thee the truth and the whole tale." So Kamar al-Zaman pulled him up out of the well, all but dead for suffering, what with cold and the pain of dipping and dousing, drubbing and dread of drowning. He shook like cane in hurricane, his teeth were clenched as by cramp and his clothes were drenched and his body befouled and torn by the rough sides of the well: briefly he was in a sad pickle. Now when Kamar al-Zaman saw him in this sorry plight, he was concerned for him; but, as soon as the eunuch found himself on the floor, he said to him, "O my lord, let me go and doff my clothes and wring them out and spread them in the sun to dry, and don others; after which I will return to thee forthwith and tell thee the truth of the matter." Answered the Prince, "O rascal slave! hadst thou not seen death face to face, never hadst thou confessed to fact nor told me a word; but go now and do thy will, and then come back to me at once and tell me the truth." Thereupon the eunuch went out, hardly crediting his escape, and ceased not running, stumbling and rising in his haste, till he came in to King Shahriman, whom he found sitting at talk with his Wazir of Kamar al-Zaman's case. The King was saying to the Minister, "I slept not last night, for anxiety concerning my son, Kamar al-Zaman and indeed I fear lest some harm befal him in that old tower. What good was there in imprisoning him?" Answered the Wazir, "Have no care for him. By Allah, no harm will befal him! None at all! Leave him in prison for a month till his temper yield and his spirit be broken and he return to his senses." As the two spoke behold, up rushed the eunuch, in the aforesaid plight, making to the King who was troubled at sight of him; and he cried "O our lord the Sultan! Verily, thy son's wits are fled and he hath gone mad, he hath dealt with me thus and thus, so that I am become as thou seest me, and he kept saying, 'A young lady lay with me this night and stole away secretly whilst I slept. Where is she?' And he insisteth on my letting him know where she is and on my telling him who took her away. But I have seen neither girl nor boy: the door was locked all through the night, for I slept before it with the key under my head, and I opened to him in the morning with my own hand. When King Shahriman heard this, he cried out, saying, "Alas, my son!;" and he was enraged with sore rage against the Wazir, who had been the cause of all this case and said to him, "Go up, bring me news of my son and see what hath befallen his mind." So the Wazir rose and, stumbling over his long skirts, in his fear of the King's wrath, hastened with the slave to the tower. Now the sun had risen and when the Minister came in to Kamar al-Zaman, he found him sitting on the couch reciting the Koran; so he saluted him and seated himself by his side, and said to him, "O my lord, this wretched eunuch brought us tidings which troubled and alarmed us and which incensed the King." Asked Kamar al-Zaman, "And what hath he told you of me to trouble my father? In good sooth he hath troubled none but me." Answered the Wazir, "He came to us in fulsome state and told us of thee a thing which Heaven forfend; and the slave added a lie which it befitteth not to repeat, Allah preserve thy youth and sound sense and tongue of eloquence, and forbid to come from thee aught of offense!" Quoth the Prince, "O Wazir, and what thing did this pestilent slave say of me?" The Minister replied, "He told us that thy wits had taken leave of thee and thou wouldst have it that a young lady lay with thee last night, and thou west instant with him to tell thee whither she went and thou diddest torture him to that end." But when Kamar al-Zaman heard these words, he was enraged with sore rage and he said to the Wazir, "'Tis manifest to me in very deed that you people taught the eunuch to do as he did."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her per misted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-eighth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Kamar al-Zaman heard the words of the Wazir he was enraged with sore rage and said to him, "'Tis manifest to me in very deed that you people taught the eunuch to do as he did and forbade him to tell me what became of the young lady who lay with me last night. But thou, O Wazir, art cleverer than the eunuch, so do thou tell me without stay or delay, whither went the young lady who slept on my bosom last night; for it was you who sent her and bade her steep in my embrace and we lay together till dawn; but, when I awoke, I found her not. So where is she now?" Said the Wazir, "O my lord Kamar al-Zaman, Allah's name encompass thee about! By the Almighty, we sent none to thee last night, but thou layest alone, with the door locked on thee and the eunuch sleeping behind it, nor did there come to thee young lady or any other. Regain thy reason, O my lord, and stablish thy senses and occupy not thy mind with vanities." Rejoined Kamar al-Zaman who was incensed at his words, "O Wazir, the young lady in question is my beloved, the fair one with the black eyes and rosy cheeks, whom I held in my arms all last night." So the Minister wondered at his words and asked him, "Didst thou see this damsel last night with shine own eyes on wake or in sleep?" Answered Kamar al-Zaman, "O ill- omened old man, dost thou fancy I saw her with my ears? Indeed, I saw her with my very eyes and awake, and I touched her with my hand, and I watched by her full half the night, feeding my vision on her beauty and loveliness and grace and tempting looks. But you had schooled her and charged her to speak no word to me; so she feigned sleep and I lay by her side till dawn, when I awoke and found her gone." Rejoined the Wazir, "O my lord Kamar al- Zaman, haply thou sawest this in thy sleep; it must have been a delusion of dreams or a deception caused by eating various kinds of food, or a suggestion of the accursed devils." Cried the Prince, "O pestilent old man! wilt thou too make a mock of me and tell me this was haply a delusion of dreams, when that eunuch confessed to the young lady, saying, 'At once I will return to thee and tell thee all about her?'" With these words, he sprang up and rushed at the Wazir and gripped hold of his beard (which was long) and, after gripping it, he twisted his hand in it and haling him off the couch, threw him on the floor. It seemed to the Minister as though his soul departed his body for the violent plucking at his beard; and Kamar al-Zaman ceased not kicking the Wazir and basting his breast and ribs and cuffing him with open hand on the nape of his neck till he had well-nigh beaten him to death. Then said the old man in his mind, "Just as the eunuch-slave saved his life from this lunatic youth by telling him a lie, thus it is even fitter that I do likewise; else he will destroy me. So now for my lie to save myself, he being mad beyond a doubt." Then he turned to Kamar al-Zaman and said, "O my lord, pardon me; for indeed thy father charged me to conceal from thee this affair of the young lady; but now I am weak and weary and wounded with funding; for I am an old man and lack strength and bottom to endure blows. Have, therefore, a little patience with me and I will tell thee all and acquaint thee with the story of the young woman." When the Prince heard this, he left off drubbing him and said, "Wherefore couldst thou not tell me the tale until after shame and blows? Rise now, unlucky old man that thou art, and tell me her story." Quoth the Wazir, "Say, dost thou ask of the young lady with the fair face and perfect form?" Quoth Kamar al-Zaman, "Even so! Tell me, O Wazir, who it was that led her to me and laid her by my side, and who was it that took her away from me by night; and let me know forthright whither she is gone, that I myself may go to her at once. If my father did this deed to me that he might try me by means of that beautiful girl, with a view to our marriage, I consent to wed her and free myself of this trouble; for he did all these dealings with me only because I refused wedlock. But now I consent and I say again, I consent to matrimony: so tell this to my father, O Wazir, and advise him to marry me to that young lady; for I will have none other and my heart loveth none save her alone. Now rise up at once and haste thee to my father and counsel him to hurry on our wedding and bring me his answer within this very hour." Rejoined the Wazir, "'Tis well!" and went forth from him, hardly believing himself out of his hands. Then he set off from the tower, walking and tripping up as he went, for excess of fright and agitation, and he ceased not hurrying till he came in to King Shahriman.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Eighty-nineth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Wazir, fared forth from the tower, and ceased not running till he came in to King Shahriman, who said to him as he sighted him, "O thou Wazir, what man hath brought thee to grief and whose mischief hath treated thee in way unlief; how happeneth it that I see thee dumb foundered and coming to me thus astounded?" Replied the Wazir, "O King! I bring thee good news." "And what is it?" quoth Shahriman, and quoth the Wazir, "Know that thy son Kamar al- Zaman's wits are clean gone and that he hath become stark mad." Now when the King heard these words of the Minister, light became darkness in his sight and he said, "O Wazir, make clear to me the nature of his madness." Answered the Wazir, "O my lord, I hear and I obey." Then he told him that such and such had passed and acquainted him with all that his son had done; whereupon the King said to him, "Hear, O Wazir, the good tidings which I give thee in return for this thy fair news of my son's insanity; and it shall be the cutting off of thy head and the forfeiture of my favour, O most ill-omened of Wazirs and foulest of Emirs! for I feel that thou hast caused my son's disorder by the wicked advice and the sinister counsel thou hast given me first and last. By Allah, if aught of mischief or madness have befallen my son I will most assuredly nail thee upon the palace dome and make thee drain the bitterest draught of death!'' Then he sprang up and, taking the Wazir, with him, fared straight for the tower and entered it. And when Kamar al-Zaman saw the two, he rose to his father in haste from the couch whereon he sat and kissing his hands drew back and hung down his head and stood before him with his arms behind him, and thus remained for a full hour. Then he raised his head towards his sire; the tears gushed from his eyes and streamed down his cheeks and he began repeating,
"Forgive the sin 'neath which my limbs are trembling,
For the slave seeks for mercy from his master;
I've done a fault, which calls for free confession,
Where shall it call for mercy, and forgiveness?''
When the King heard this, he arose and embraced his son, and kissing him between the eyes, made him sit by his side on the couch; then he turned to the Wazir, and, looking on him with eyes of wrath, said, "O dog of Wazirs, how didst thou say of my son such and such things and make my heart quake for him?" Then he turned to the Prince and said, "O my son, what is to-day called?" He answered, "O my father, this day is the Sabbath, and to morrow is First day: then come Second day, Third, Fourth, Fifth day and lastly Friday." Exclaimed the King, "O my son, O Kamar al-Zaman, praised be Allah for the preservation of thy reason! What is the present month called in our Arabic?" "Zú'l Ka'adah," answered Kamar al-Zaman, "and it is followed by Zú'l hijjah; then cometh Muharram, then Safar, then Rabí'a the First and Rabí'a the Second, the two Jamádás, Rajab, Sha'aban, Ramazán and Shawwál." At this the King rejoiced exceedingly and spat in the Wazir's face, saying, "O wicked old man, how canst thou say that my son is mad? And now none is mad but thou." Hereupon the Minister shook his head and would have spoken, but bethought himself to wait awhile and see what might next befal. Then the King said to his child, "O my son, what words be these thou saddest to the eunuch and the Wazir, declaring, 'I was sleeping with a fair damsel this night?' What damsel is this of whom thou speakest?" Then Kamar al-Zaman laughed at his father's words and replied, "O my father, know that I can bear no more jesting; so add me not another mock or even a single word on the matter, for my temper hath waxed short by that you have done with me. And know, O my father, with assured knowledge, that I consent to marry, but on condition that thou give me to wife her who lay by my side this night; for I am certain it was thou sentest her to me and madest me in love with her and then despatchedst a message to her before the dawn and tookest her away from beside me." Rejoined the King, "The name of Allah encompass thee about, O my son, and be thy wit preserved from witlessness!"—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninetieth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that quoth King Shahriman to his son Kamar al-Zaman, "The name of Allah encompass thee about, O my son, and be thy wit preserved from witlessness! What thing be this young lady whom thou fanciest I sent to thee last night and then again that I sent to withdraw her from thee before dawn? By the Lord, O my son, I know nothing of this affair, and Allah upon thee, tell me if it be a delusion of dreaming or a deception caused by indisposition. For verily thou layest down to sleep last night with thy mind occupied anent marriage and troubled with the talk of it (Allah damn marriage and the hour when I spake of it and curse him who counselled it!); and without doubt or diffidence I can say that being moved in mind by the mention of wedlock thou dreamedst that a handsome young lady embraced thee and didst fancy thou sawest her when awake. But all this, O my son, is but an imbroglio of dreams." Replied Kamar al-Zaman, "Leave this talk and swear to me by Allah, the All creator, the Omniscient; the Humbler of the tyrant Caesars and the Destroyer of the Chosroes, that thou knowest naught of the young lady nor of her woning-place." Quoth the King, "By the Might of Allah Almighty, the God of Moses and Abraham, I know naught of all this and never even heard of it; it is assuredly a delusion of dreams thou hast seen in sleep.' Then the Prince replied to his sire, "I will give thee a self evident proof that it happened to me when on wake."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-first Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al Zamar said to his sire, "I will give thee a self-evident proof that this happened to me when on wake. Now let me ask thee, did it ever befal any man to dream that he was battling a sore battle and after to awake from sleep and find in his hand a sword-blade besmeared with blood? Answered the King, "No, by Allah, O my son, this hath never been." Rejoined Kamar al-Zaman, "I will tell thee what happened to me and it was this. Meseemed I awoke from sleep in the middle of the past night and found a girl lying by my side, whose form was like mine and whose favour was as mine. I embraced her and turned her about with my hand and took her seal- ring, which I put on my finger, and she pulled off my ring and put it on hers. Then I went to sleep by her side, but refrained from her for shame of thee, deeming that thou hadst sent her to me, intending to tempt me with her and incline me to marriage, and suspecting thee to be hidden somewhere whence thou couldst see what I did with her. And I was ashamed even to kiss her on the mouth for thy account, thinking over this temptation to wedlock; and, when I awoke at point of day, I found no trace of her, nor could I come at any news of her, and there befel me what thou knowest of with the eunuch and with the Wazir. How then can this case have been a dream and a delusion, when the ring is a reality? Save for her ring on my finger I should indeed have deemed it a dream; but here is the ring on my little finger: look at it, O King, and see what is its worth." So saying he handed the ring to his father, who examined it and turned it over, then looked to his son and said, "Verily, there is in this ring some mighty mystery and some strange secret. What befel thee last night with the girl is indeed a hard nut to crack, and I know not how intruded upon us this intruder. None is the cause of all this posher save the Wazir; but, Allah upon thee, O my son, take patience, so haply the Lord may turn to gladness this thy grief and to thy sadness bring complete relief: as quoth one of the poets,
'Haply shall Fortune draw her rein, and bring *
             Fair chance, for she is changeful, jealous, vain:
Still I may woo my want and wishes win, *
           And see on heels of care unfair, the fain.'
And now, O my son, I am certified at this hour that thou art not mad; but thy case is a strange one which none can clear up for thee save the Almighty." Cried the Prince, "By Allah, O my father, deal kindly with me and seek out this young lady and hasten her coming to me; else I shall die of woe and of my death shall no one know." Then he betrayed the ardour of his passion; and turned towards his father and repeated these two couplets,
"If your promise of personal call prove untrue, *
             Deign in vision to grant me an interview:
Quoth they, 'How can phantom appear to the sight *
             Of a youth, whose sight is fordone, perdue?'"
Then, after ending his poetry, Kamar al-Zaman again turned to his father, with submission and despondency, and shedding tears in flood, began repeating these lines.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-second Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Kamar al-Zaman had repeated to his father these verses, he wept and complained and groaned from a wounded heart; and added these lines,
"Beware that eye glance which hath magic might; *
            Wherever turn those orbs it bars our flight:
Nor be deceived by low sweet voice, that breeds *
            A fever festering in the heart and sprite:
So soft that silky skin, were rose to touch it *
             She'd cry and tear-drops rain for pain and fright:
Did Zephyr e'en in sleep pass o'er her land, *
             Scented he'd choose to dwell in scented site:
Her necklets vie with tinkling of her belt; *
             Her wrists strike either wristlet dumb with spite:
When would her bangles buss those rings in ear, *
             Upon the lover's eyne high mysteries 'light:
I'm blamed for love of her, nor pardon claim; *
             Eyes are not profiting which lack foresight:
Heaven strip thee, blamer mine! unjust art thou; *
             Before this fawn must every eye low bow."
After which he said, "By Allah, O my father, I cannot endure to be parted from her even for an hour." The King smote hand upon hand and exclaimed, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! No cunning contrivance can profit us in this affair." Then he took his son by the hand and carried him to the palace, where Kamar al-Zaman lay down on the bed of languor and the King sat at his head, weeping and mourning over him and leaving him not, night or day, till at last the Wazir came in to him and said, "O King of the age and the time, how long wilt thou remain shut up with thy son and hide thyself from thy troops. Haply, the order of thy realm may be deranged, by reason of shine absence from thy Grandees and Officers of State. It behoveth the man of understanding, if he have various wounds in his body, to apply him first to medicine the most dangerous; so it is my counsel to thee that thou remove thy son from this place to the pavilion which is in the palace overlooking the sea; and shut thyself up with him there, setting apart in every week two days, Thursday and Monday, for state receptions and progresses and reviews. On these days let shine Emirs and Wazirs and Chamberlains and Viceroys and high Officials and Grandees of the realm and the rest of the levies and the lieges have access to thee and submit their affairs to thee; and do thou their needs and judge among them and give and take with them and bid and forbid. And the rest of the week thou shalt pass with thy son, Kamar al-Zaman, and cease not thus doing till Allah shall vouchsafe relief to you twain. Think not, O King, that thou art safe from the shifts of Time and the strokes of Change which come like a traveller in the night; for the wise man is ever on his guard and how well saith the poet,
'Thou deemedst well of Time when days went well, *
             And fearedst not what ills might bring thee Fate:
The Nights so fair and restful cozened thee, *
             For peaceful Nights bring woes of heavy weight.
Oh children of mankind whom Time befriends, *
             Beware of Time's deceits or soon or late!'''
When the Sultan heard his Wazir's words he saw that they were right and deemed his counsel wise, and it had effect upon him for he feared lest the order of the state be deranged; so he rose at once and bade transport his son from his sick room to the pavilion in the palace overlooking the sea. Now this palace was girt round by the waters and was approached by a causeway twenty cubits wide. It had windows on all sides commanding an ocean- view; its floor was paved with parti-coloured marbles and its ceiling was painted in the richest pigments and figured with gold and lapis-lazuli. They furnished it for Kamar al-Zaman with splendid upholstery, embroidered rugs and carpets of the richest silk; and they clothed the walls with choice brocades and hung curtains bespangled with gems of price. In the midst they set him a couch of juniper-wood inlaid with pearls and jewels, and Kamar al-Zaman sat down thereon, but the excess of his concern and passion for the young lady had wasted his charms and emaciated his body; he could neither eat nor drink nor sleep; and he was like a man who had been sick twenty years of sore sickness. His father seated himself at his head, grieving for him with the deepest grief, and every Monday and Thursday he gave his Wazirs and Emirs and Chamberlains and Viceroys and Lords of the realm and levies and the rest of his lieges leave to come up to him in that pavilion. So they entered and did their several service and duties and abode with him till the end of the day, when they went their ways and the King returned to his son in the pavilion whom he left not night nor day; and he ceased not doing on this wise for many days and nights. Such was the case with Kamar al-Zaman, son of King Shahriman; but as regards Princess Budur, daughter of King Ghayur, Lord of the Isles and the Seven Palaces, when the two Jinns bore her up and laid her on her bed, she slept till daybreak, when she awoke and sitting upright looked right and left, but saw not the youth who had lain in her bosom. At this her vitals fluttered, her reason fled and she shrieked a loud shriek which awoke all her slave girls and nurses and duennas. They flocked in to her; and the chief of them came forward and asked, "What aileth thee, O my lady?" Answered the Princess, "O wretched old woman, where is my beloved, the handsome youth who lay last night in my bosom? Tell me whither he is gone." Now when the duenna heard this, the light starkened in her sight and she feared from her mischief with sore affright, and said to her, "O my Lady Budur, what unseemly words are these?" Cried the Princess, "Woe to thee pestilent crone that thou art! I ask thee again where is my beloved, the goodly youth with the shining face and the slender form, the jetty eyes and the joined eyebrows, who lay with me last night from supper-tide until near daybreak?" She rejoined "By Allah, O my lady, I have seen no young man nor any other. I conjure thee, carry not this unseemly jest too far lest we all lose our lives; for perhaps the joke may come to thy father's ears and who shall then deliver us from his hand?"—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-third Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the duenna bespake the Lady Budur in these words, "Allah upon thee, O my lady! carry not this unseemly jest too far; for perhaps it may come to thy father's ears, and who shall then deliver us from his hand?" The Princess rejoined, "In very sooth a youth lay with me last night, one of the fairest-faced of men." Exclaimed the duenna, "Heaven preserve thy reason! indeed no one lay with thee last night." Thereupon the Princess looked at her hand and, finding Kamar al-Zaman's seal-ring on her finger in stead of her own, said to her, "Woe to thee, thou accursed! thou traitress! wilt thou lie to me and tell me that none lay with me last night and swear to me a falsehood in the name of the Lord?" Replied the duenna, "By Allah, I do not lie to thee nor have I sworn falsely." Then the Princess was incensed by her words and, drawing a sword she had by her, she smote the old woman with it and slew her; whereupon the eunuch and the waiting-women and the concubines cried out at her, and ran to her father and, without stay or delay, acquainted him with her case. So the King went to her, and asked her, "O my daughter, what aileth thee?"; and she answered, "O my father, where is the youth who lay with me last night?" Then her reason fled from her head and she cast her eyes right and left and rent her raiment even to the skirt. When her sire saw this, he bade the women lay hands on her; so they seized her and manacled her, then putting a chain of iron about her neck, made her fast to one of the palace-windows and there left her. Thus far concerning Princess Budur; but as regards her father, King Ghayur, the world was straitened upon him when he saw what had befallen his daughter, for that he loved her and her case was not a little grievous to him. So he summoned on it the doctors and astrologers and men skilled in talisman- writing and said to them, "Whoso healeth my daughter of what ill she hath, I will marry him to her and give him half of my kingdom; but whoso cometh to her and cureth her not, I will strike off his head and hang it over her palace-gate." Accordingly, all who went in to her, but failed to heal her, he beheaded and hung their heads over the palace-gates, till he had beheaded on her account forty doctors and crucified forty astrologers; wherefor the general held aloof from her, all the physicians having failed to medicine her malady; and her case was a puzzle to the men of science and the adepts in cabalistic characters. And as her longing and passion redoubled and love and distraction were sore upon her, she poured forth tears and repeated these couplets,
"My fondness, O my moon, for thee my foeman is, *
             And to thy comradeship the nights my thought compel:
In gloom I bide with fire that flames below my ribs, *
             Whose lowe I make comparison with heat of Hell:
I'm plagued with sorest stress of pine and ecstasy; *
             Nor clearest noon tide can that horrid pain dispel."
Then she sighed and repeated these also,
"Salams fro' me to friends in every stead; *
             Indeed to all dear friends do I incline:
Salams, but not salams that bid adieu; *
             Salams that growth of good for you design:
I love you dear, indeed, nor less your land, *
             But bide I far from every need of mine!"
And when the Lady Budur ceased repeating her poetry, she wept till her eyes waxed sore and her cheeks changed form and hue, and in this condition she continued three years. Now she had a foster-brother, by name Marzawán, who was travelling in far lands and absent from her the whole of this time. He loved her with an exceeding love, passing the love of brothers; so when he came back he went in to his mother and asked for his sister, the Princess Budur. She answered him, "O my son, thy sister hath been smitten with madness and hath passed these three years with a chain of iron about her neck; and all the physicians and men of science have failed of healing her." When Marzawan heard these words he said, "I must needs go in to her; peradventure I may discover what she hath, and be able to medicine her;" and his mother replied, "Needs must thou visit her, but wait till to morrow, that I may contrive some thing to suit thy case." Then she went a-foot to the palace of the Lady Budur and, accosting the eunuch in charge of the gates, made him a present and said to him, "I have a daughter, who was brought up with thy mistress and since then I married her; and, when that befel the Princess which befel her, she became troubled and sore concerned, and I desire of thy favour that my daughter may go in to her for an hour and look on her; and then return whence she came, so shall none know of it." Quoth the eunuch, "This may not be except by night, after the King hath visited his child and gone away; then come thou and thy daughter." So she kissed the eunuch's hand and, returning home, waited till the morrow at nightfall; and when it was time she arose and sought her son Marzawan and attired him in woman's apparel; then, taking his hand in hers, led him towards the palace, and ceased not walking with him till she came upon the eunuch after the Sultan had ended his visit to the Princess. Now when the eunuch saw her, he rose to her, and said, "Enter, but do not prolong thy stay!" So they went in and when Marzawan beheld the Lady Budur in the aforesaid plight, he saluted her, after his mother had doffed his woman's garb: then he took out of their satchel books he had brought with him; and, lighting a wax- candle, he began to recite certain conjurations Thereupon the Princess looked at him and recognising him, said, "O my brother, thou hast been absent on thy travels' and thy news have been cut off from us." He replied, "True! but Allah hath brought me back safe and sound, I am now minded to set out again nor hath aught delayed me but the news I hear of thee; wherefore my heart burned for thee and I came to thee, so haply I may free thee of thy malady." She rejoined, O my brother, thinkest thou it is madness aileth me?" "Yes." answered he, and she said, "Not so, by Allah! 'tis even as saith the poet,
'Quoth they 'Thou rav'st on him thou lov'st': quoth I, *
             'The sweets of love are only for th' insane!'
Love never maketh Time his friend befriend; *
             Only the Jinn-struck wight such boon can gain:
Well! yes, I'm mad: bring him who madded me *
             And, if he cure m: madness, blame restrain!'"
Then she let Marzawan know that she was love-daft and he said "Tell me concerning thy tale and what befel thee: haply there may be in my hand something which shall be a means of deliverance for thee."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of da, and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Marzawar thus addressed Princess Budur, "Tell me concerning thy tale and what befel thee: haply Allah may inspire me with a means of deliverance for thee." Quoth she, "O my brother, hear my story which is this. One night I awoke from sleep, in the last third of the night and, sitting up, saw by my side the handsomest of youths that be, and tongue faileth to describe him, for he was as a willow-wand or an Indian rattan-cane. So methought it was my father who had done on this wise in order thereby to try me, for that he had consulted me concerning wedlock, when the Kings sought me of him to wife, and I had refused. It was this though withheld me from arousing him, for I feared that, if I did aught of embraced him, he would peradventure inform my father of m, doings. But in the morning, I found on my finger his seal-ring, in place of my own which he had taken. And, O my brother, m, heart was seized with love of him at first sight; and, for the violence of my passion and longing, I have never savoured the taste of sleep and have no occupation save weeping alway and repeating verses night and day. And this, O my brother, is my story and the cause of my madness." Then she poured forth tears and repeated these couplets,
"Now Love hast banished all that bred delight; *
             With that heart-nibbling fawn my joys took flight:
Lightest of trifles lover's blood to him *
             Who wastes the vitals of the hapless wight!
For him I'm jealous of my sight and thought; *
             My heart acts spy upon my thought and sight:
Those long-lashed eyelids rain on me their shafts *
             Guileful, destroying hearts where'er they light:
Now, while my portion in the world endures, *
             Shall I behold him ere I quit world-site?
What bear I for his sake I'd hide, but tears *
             Betray my feelings to the spy's despight.
When near, our union seemeth ever far; *
             When far, my thoughts to him aye nearest are."
And presently she continued, "See then, O my brother, how thou mayest aid me in mine affliction." So Marzawan bowed his head ground-wards awhile, wondering and not knowing what to do, then he raised it and said to her, "All thou hast spoken to me I hold to be true, though the case of the young man pass my understanding: but I will go round about all lands and will seek for what may heal thee; haply Allah shall appoint thy healing to be at my hand. Meanwhile, take patience and be not disquieted." Thereupon Marzawan farewelled her, praying that she might be constant and left her repeating these couplets,
"Thine image ever companies my sprite, *
            For all thou'rt distant from the pilgrim's sight:
But my heart-wishes e'er attract thee near: *
            What is the lightning's speed to Thought's swift flight?
Then go not thou, my very light of eyes *
             Which, when thou'rt gone, lack all the Kohl of light."
Then Marzawan returned to his mother's house, where he passed the night. And when the morrow dawned, having equipped himself for his journey, he fared forth and ceased not faring from city to city and from island to island for a whole month, till he came to a town named Al-Tayrab. Here he went about scenting news of the townsfolk, so haply he might light on a cure for the Princess's malady, for in every capital he entered or passed by, it was reported that Queen Budur, daughter of King Ghayur, had lost her wits. But arriving at Al-Tayrab city, he heard that Kamar al-Zaman, son of King Shahriman, was fallen sick and afflicted with melancholy madness. So Marzawan asked the name of the Prince's capital and they said to him, "It is on the Islands of Khalidan and it lieth distant from our city a whole month's journey by sea, but by land it is six months' march." So he went down to the sea in a ship which was bound for the Khalidan Isles, and she sailed with a favouring breeze for a whole month, till they came in sight of the capital; and there remained for them but to make the land when, behold, there came out on them a tempestuous wind which carried away the masts and rent the canvas, so that the sails fell into the sea and the ship capsized, with all on board,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the ship capsized with all on board, each sought his own safety; and as for Marzawan the set of the sea carried him under the King's palace, wherein was Kamar al-Zaman. And by the decree of destiny it so happened that this was the day on which King Shahriman gave audience to his Grandees and high officers, and he was sitting, with his son's head on his lap, whilst an eunuch fanned away the flies; and the Prince had not spoken neither had he eaten nor drunk for two days, and he was grown thinner than a spindle. Now the Wazir was standing respectfully a-foot near the latticed window giving on the sea and, raising his eyes, saw Marzawan being beaten by the billows and at his last gasp; whereupon his heart was moved to pity for him, so he drew near to the King and moving his head towards him said, "I crave thy leave, O King, to go down to the court of the pavilion and open the water-gate that I may rescue a man who is at the point of drowning in the sea and bring him forth of danger into deliverance; peradventure, on this account Allah may free thy son from what he hath!" The King replied, "O thou Wazir, enough is that which hath befallen my son through thee and on shine account. Haply, if thou rescue this drowning man, he will come to know our affairs, and look on my son who is in this state and exult over me; but I swear by Allah, that if this half-drowned wretch come hither and learn our condition and look upon my son and then fare forth and speak of our secrets to any, I will assuredly strike off thy head before his; for thou, O my Minister art the cause of all that hath betided us, first and last. Now do as thou wilt." Thereupon the Wazir sprang up and, opening the private pastern which gave upon the sea, descended to the causeway; then walked on twenty steps and came to the water where he saw Marzawan nigh unto death. So he put out his hand to him and, catching him by his hair, drew him ashore in a state of insensibility, with belly full of water and eyes half out of his head. The Wazir waited till he came to himself, when he pulled off his wet clothes and clad him in a fresh suit, covering his head with one of his servants' turbands; after which he said to him, Know that I have been the means of saving thee from drowning: do not thou requite me by causing my death and shine own."ÄAnd Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the Wazir did to Marzawan what he did, he thus addressed him Know that I have been the cause of saving thee from drowning so requite me not by causing my death and shine own." Asked Marzawan, And how so?"; and the Wazir answered, "Thou art at this hour about to go up and pass among Emirs and Wazirs all of them silent and none speaking, because of Kamar al-Zaman the son of the Sultan." Now when Marzawan heard the name of Kamar al-Zaman, he knew that this was he whom he had heard spoken of in sundry cities and of whom he came in search, but he feigned ignorance and asked the Wazir, "And who is Kamar al-Zaman? Answered the Minister, "He is the son of Sultan Shahriman and he is sore sick and lieth strown on his couch restless alway, eating not nor drinking neither sleeping night or day; indeed he is nigh upon death and we have lost hope of his living and are certain that he is dying. Beware lest thou look too long on him, or thou look on any other than that where thou settest thy feet: else thou art a lost man, and I also." He replied, "Allah upon thee, O Wazir, I implore thee, of thy favour, acquaint me touching this youth thou describest, what is the cause of the condition in which he is." The Wazir replied, "I know none, save that, three years ago, his father required him to wed, but he refused; whereat the King was wroth and imprisoned him. And when he awoke on the morrow, he fancied that during the night he had been roused from sleep and had seen by his side a young lady of passing loveliness, whose charms tongue can never express; and he assured us that he had plucked off her seal-ring from her finger and had put it on his own and that she had done likewise; but we know not the secret of all this business. So by Allah, O my son, when thou comest up with me into the palace, look not on the Prince, but go thy way; for the Sultan's heart is full of wrath against me." So said Marzawan to himself, "By Allah; this is the one I sought!" Then he followed the Wazir up to the palace, where the Minister seated himself at the Prince's feet; but Marzawan found forsooth nothing to do but go up to Kamar al-Zaman and stand before him at gaze. Upon this the Wazir, died of affright in his skin, and kept looking at Marzawan and signalling him to wend his way; but he feigned not to see him and gave not over gazing upon Kamar al- Zaman, till he was well assured that it was indeed he whom he was seeking,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Marzawan looked upon Kamar al-Zaman and knew that it was indeed he whom he was seeking, he cried, "Exalted be Allah, Who hath made his shape even as her shape and his complexion as her complexion and his cheek as her cheek!'' Upon this Kamar al-Zaman opened his eyes and gave earnest ear to his speech; and, when Marzawan saw him inclining to hear, he repeated these couplets,
"I see thee full of song and plaint and love's own ecstasy;
Delighting in describing all the charms of loveliness:
Art smit by stroke of Love or hath shaft-shot wounded thee?
None save the wounded ever show such signals of distress!
Ho thou! crown the wine cup and sing me singular
Praises to Sulaymá, Al-Rabáb, Tan'oum addrest;
Go round the grape-vine sun which for mansion hath a jar;
Whose East the cup boy is, and here my mouth that opes for West.
I'm jealous of the very clothes that dare her sides enroll
When she veils her dainty body of the delicatest grace:
I envy every goblet of her lips that taketh toll
When she sets the kissing cup on that sweetest kissing-place.
But deem not by the keen-edged scymitar I'm slain—
The hurts and harms I dree are from arrows of her eyes.
I found her finger tips, as I met her once again,
Deep-reddened with the juice of the wood that ruddy dyes;
And cried, 'Thy palms thou stainedst when far away was I
And this is how thou payest one distracted by his pine!'
Quoth she (enkindling in my heart a flame that burned high
Speaking as one who cannot hide of longing love the sign),
'By thy life, this is no dye used for dyeing; so forbear
Thy blame, nor in charging me with falsing Love persist!
But when upon our parting-day I saw thee haste to fare,
The while were bared my hand and my elbow and my wrist;
'I shed a flood of blood-red tears and with fingers brushed away; Hence blood-reddened were the tips and still blood-red they remain.'
Had I wept before she wept, to my longing-love a prey,
Before repentance came, I had quit my soul of pain;
But she wept before I wept and I wept to see her care
And I said, 'All the merit to precedent;'
Blame me not for loving her, now on self of Love I swear
For her sake, for her only, these pains my soul torment.
She hath all the lere of Lukmán and Yúsuf's beauty lief;
Sweet singer David's voice and Maryam's chastity:
While I've all Jacob's mourning and Jonah's prison-grief,
And the sufferings of Job and old Adam's history:
Yet kill her not, albeit of my love for her I die;
But ask her why my blood to her was lawful. ask her why?"
When Marzawan recited this ode, the words fell upon Kamar al- Zaman's heart as freshness after fever and returning health; and he sighed and, turning his tongue in his mouth, said to his sire, "O my father, let this youth come and sit by my side."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-eighth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman said to his sire, "O my father, allow this youth to come and sit by my side." Now when the King heard these words from his son, he rejoiced with exceeding joy, though at the first his heart had been set against Marzawan and he had determined that the stranger's head needs must be stricken off: but when he heard Kamar al-Zaman speak, his anger left him and he arose and drawing Marzawan to him, seated him by his son and turning to him said, "Praised be Allah for thy safety!" He replied, "Allah preserve thee! and preserve thy son to thee!" and called down blessings on the King. Then the King asked, "From what country art thou?"; and he answered, "From the Islands of the Inland Sea, the kingdom of King Ghayur, Lord of the Isles and the Seas and the Seven Palaces." Quoth King Shahriman, "Maybe thy coming shall be blessed to my son and Allah vouchsafe to heal what is in him." Quoth Marzawan, "Inshallah, naught shall be save what shall be well!" Then turning to Kamar al-Zaman, he said to him in his ear unheard of the King and his court, 'O my lord! be of good cheer, and hearten thy heart and let shine eyes be cool and clear and, with respect to her for whose sake thou art thus, ask not of her case on shine account. But thou keptest thy secret and fellest sick, while she told her secret and they said she had gone mad; so she is now in prison, with an iron chain about her neck, in most piteous plight; but, Allah willing, the healing of both of you shall come from my hand." Now when Kamar al-Zaman heard these words, his life returned to him and he took heart and felt a thrill of joy and signed to his father to help him sit up; and the King was like to fly for gladness and rose hastily and lifted him up. Presently, of his fear for his son, he shook the kerchief of dismissal; and all the Emirs and Wazirs withdrew; then he set two pillows for his son to lean upon, after which he bade them perfume the palace with saffron and decorate the city, saying to Marzawan, "By Allah, O my son, of a truth shine aspect be a lucky and a blessed!" And he made as much of him as he might and called for food, and when they brought it, Marzawan came up to the Prince and said, "Rise, eat with me." So he obeyed him and ate with him, and all the while the King invoked blessings on Marzawan and said, "How auspicious is thy coming, O my son!" And when the father saw his boy eat, his joy and gladness redoubled, and he went out and told the Prince's mother and all the household. Then he spread throughout the palace the good news of the Prince's recovery and the King commanded the decoration of the city and it was a day of high festival. Marzawan passed that night with Kamar al-Zaman, and the King also slept with them in joy and delight for his son's recovery.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Ninety-ninth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that King Shahriman also passed that night with them in the excess of his joy for his son's recovery. And when the next morning dawned, and the King had gone away and the two young men were left alone, Kamar al-Zaman told his story from beginning to end to Marzawan who said, "In very sooth I know her with whom thou didst foregather; her name is the Princess Budur and she is daughter to King Ghayur." Then he related to him all that had passed with the Princess from first to last and acquainted him with the excessive love she bore him, saying, "All that befel thee with thy father hath befallen her with hers, and thou art without doubt her beloved, even as she is shine; so brace up thy resolution and take heart, for I will bring thee to her and unite you both anon and deal with you even as saith the poet,
"Albe to lover adverse be his love, *
             And show aversion howso may he care;
Yet will I manage that their persons meet, *
             E'en as the pivot of a scissor pair."
And he ceased not to comfort and solace and encourage Kamar al- Zaman and urged him to eat and drink till he ate food and drank wine, and life returned to him and he was saved from his ill case; and Marzawan cheered him and diverted him with talk and songs and stories, and in good time he became free of his disorder and stood up and sought to go to the Hammam. So Marzawan took him by the hand and both went to the bath, where they washed their bodies and made them clean.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundredth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Kamar al-Zaman, son of King Shahriman, went to the Hammam, his father in his joy at this event freed the prisoners, and presented splendid dresses to his grandees and bestowed large alm-gifts upon the poor and bade decorate the city seven days. Then quoth Marzawan to Kamar al-Zaman, "Know, O my lord, that I came not from the Lady Budur save for this purpose, and the object of my journey was to deliver her from her present case; and it remaineth for us only to devise how we may get to her, since thy father cannot brook the thought of parting from thee. So it is my counsel that to-morrow thou ask his leave to go abroad hunting. Then do thou take with thee a pair of saddle-bags full of money and mount a swift steed, and lead a spare horse, and I will do the like, and say to thy sire, 'I have a mind to divert myself with hunting the desert and to see the open country and there to pass one night.' Suffer not any servant to follow us, for as soon as we reach the open country, we will go our ways." Kamar al- Zaman rejoiced in this plan with great joy and cried, "It is good." Then he stiffened his back and, going in to his father, sought his leave and spoke as he had been taught, and the King consented to his going forth a-hunting and said, "O my son, blessed be the day that restoreth thee to health! I will not gainsay thee in this; but pass not more than one night in the desert and return to me on the morrow; for thou knowest that life is not good to me without thee, and indeed I can hardly believe thee to be wholly recovered from what thou hadst, because thou art to me as he of whom quoth the poet,
'Albe by me I had through day and night *
             Solomon's carpet and the Chosroes' might,
Both were in value less than wing of gnat, *
             Unless these eyne could hold thee aye in sight.'"
Then the King equipped his son Kamar al-Zaman and Marzawan for the excursion, bidding make ready for them four horses, together with a dromedary to carry the money and a camel to bear the water and belly timber; and Kamar al-Zaman forbade any of his attendants to follow him. His father farewelled him and pressed him to his breast and kissed him, saying, "I ask thee in the name of Allah, be not absent from me more than one night, wherein sleep will be unlawful to me, for I am even as saith the poet,
'Thou present, in the Heaven of heavens I dwell; *
             Bearing shine absence is of hells my Hell:
Pledged be for thee my soul! If love for thee *
             Be crime, my crime is of the fellest fell.
Does love-lowe burn thy heart as burns it mine, *
             Doomed night and day Gehenna-fire to smell?'"
Answered Kamar al-Zaman, "O my father, Inshallah, I will lie abroad but one night!" Then he took leave of him, and he and Marzawan mounted and leading the spare horses, the dromedary with the money and the camel with the water and victual, turned their faces towards the open country;—And Shahrazad perceived the dawning day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and First Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman and Marzawan fared forth and turned their faces towards the open country; and they travelled from the first of the day till nightfall, when they halted and ate and drank and fed their beasts and rested awhile; after which they again took horse and ceased not journeying for three days, and on the fourth they came to a spacious tract wherein was a thicket. They alighted in it and Marzawan, taking the camel and one of the horses, slaughtered them and cut off their flesh and stripped their bones. Then he doffed from Kamar al-Zaman his shirt and trousers which he smeared with the horse's blood and he took the Prince's coat which he tore to shreds and befouled with gore; and he cast them down in the fork of the road. Then they ate and drank and mounting set forward again; and, when Kamar al- Zaman asked why this was done, and said, "What is this O my brother, and how shall it profit us?"; Marzawan replied, "Know that thy father, when we have outstayed the second night after the night for which we had his leave, and yet we return not, will mount and follow in our track till he come hither; and, when he happeneth upon this blood which I have spilt and he seeth thy shirt and trousers rent and gore-fouled, he will fancy that some accident befel thee from bandits or wild-beasts, so he will give up hope of thee and return to his city, and by this device we shall win our wishes." Quoth Kamar al-Zaman, "By Allah, this be indeed a rare device! Thou hast done right well.'' Then the two fared on days and nights and all that while Kamar al-Zaman did naught but complain when he found himself alone, and he ceased not weeping till they drew near their journeys end, when he rejoiced and repeated these verses,
"Wilt tyrant play with truest friend who thinks of thee each
             hour, * And after showing love-desire betray indifference?
May I forfeit every favour if in love I falsed thee, *
             If thee I left, abandon me by way of recompense:
But I've been guilty of no crime such harshness to deserve, *
             And if I aught offended thee I bring my penitence;
Of Fortune's wonders one it is thou hast abandoned me, *
             But Fortune never wearieth of showing wonderments."
When he had made an end of his verses, Marzawan said to him, "Look! these be King Ghayur's Islands;" whereat Kamar al-Zaman joyed with exceeding joy and thanked him for what he had done, and kissed him between the eyes and strained him—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Second Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Marzawan said "Look! these be the Islands of King Ghayur;" Kamar al-Zaman joyed with exceeding joy and thanked him for what he had done and kissed him between the eyes and strained him to his bosom. And after reaching the Islands and entering the city they took up their lodging in a khan, where they rested three days from the fatigues of their wayfare; after which Marzawan carried Kamar al-Zaman to the bath and, clothing him in merchant's gear, provided him with a geomantic tablet of gold, with a set of astrological instruments and with an astrolabe of silver, plated with gold. Then he said to him, "Arise, O my lord, and take thy stand under the walls of the King's palace and cry out, 'I am the ready Reckoner; I am the Scrivener; I am he who weeteth the Sought and the Seeker; I am the finished man of Science; I am the Astrologer accomplished in experience! Where then is he that seeketh?' As soon as the King heareth this, he will send after thee and carry thee in to his daughter the Princess Budur, thy lover; but when about going in to her do thou say to him, 'Grant me three days' delay, and if she recover, give her to me to wife; and if not, deal with me as thou dealest with those who forewent me.' He will assuredly agree to this, so as soon as thou art alone with her, discover thyself to her; and when she seeth thee, she will recover strength and her madness will cease from her and she will be made whole in one night. Then do thou give her to eat and drink. and her father, rejoicing in her recovery, will marry thee to her and share his kingdom with thee; for he hath imposed on himself this condition and so peace be upon thee." Now when Kamar al-Zaman heard these words he exclaimed, "May I never lack thy benefits!", and, taking the set of instruments aforesaid, sallied forth from the caravanserai in the dress of his order. He walked on till he stood under the walls of King Ghayur's palace, where he began to cry out, saying, "I am the Scribe, I am the ready Reckoner, I am he who knoweth the Sought and the Seeker; I am he who openeth the Volume and summeth up the Sums; who Dreams can expound whereby the sought is found! Where then is the seeker?" Now when the city people heard this, they flocked to him, for it was long since they had seen Scribe or Astrologer, and they stood round him and, looking upon him, they saw one in the prime of beauty and grace and perfect elegance, and they marvelled at his loveliness, and his fine stature and symmetry. Presently one of them accosted him and said, "Allah upon thee, O thou fair and young, with the eloquent tongue! incur not this affray; nor throw thy life away in thine ambition to marry the Princess Budur. Only cast shine eyes upon yonder heads hung up; all their owners have lost their lives in this same venture." Yet Kamar al-Zaman paid no heed to them, but cried out at the top of his voice, saying, "I am the Doctor, the Scrivener! I am the Astrologer, the Calculator!" And all the townsfolk forbade him from this, but he regarded them not at all, saying in his mind, "None knoweth desire save whoso suffereth it." Then he began again to cry his loudest, shouting, "I am the Scrivener, I am the Astrologer!"—And Shahrazad per ceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Third Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman in no wise heeded the words of the citizens, but continued to cry out, "I am the Calculator! I am the Astrologer!" Thereupon all the townsfolk were wroth with him and said to him, "Thou art nothing but an imbecile, silly, self-willed lad! Have pity on shine own youth and tender years and beauty and loveliness." But he cried all the more, "I am the Astrologer, I am the Calculator! Is there any one that seeketh?" As he was thus crying and the people forbidding him, behold, King Ghayur heard his voice and the clamour of the lieges and said to his Wazir, "Go down and bring me yon Astrologer." So the Wazir, went down in haste, and taking Kamar al-Zaman from the midst of the crowd led him up to the King; and when in the presence he kissed the ground and began versifying,
"Eight glories meet, all, all conjoined in thee, *
             Whereby may Fortune aye thy servant be:
Lere, lordliness, grace, generosity; *
             Plain words, deep meaning, honour, victory!"
When the King looked upon him, he seated him by his side and said to him, "By Allah, O my son, an thou be not an astrologer, venture not thy life nor comply with my condition; for I have bound myself that whoso goeth in to my daughter and healeth her not of that which hath befallen her I will strike off his head; but whoso healeth her him I will marry to her. So let not thy beauty and loveliness delude thee: for, by Allah! and again, by Allah! If thou cure her not, I will assuredly cut off thy head." And Kamar al-Zaman replied, "This is thy right; and I consent, for I wot of this ere came I hither." Then King Ghayur took the Kazis to witness against him and delivered him to the eunuch, saying, "Carry this one to the Lady Budur." So the eunuch took him by the hand and led him along the passage; but Kamar al-Zaman outstripped him and pushed on before, whilst the eunuch ran after him, saying, "Woe to thee! Hasten not to shine own ruin: never yet saw I astrologer so eager for his proper destruction; but thou weetest not what calamities are before thee." Thereupon Kamar al-Zaman turned away his face from the eunuch,—And Shah razed perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the eunuch thus addressed Kamar al-Zaman, "Patience, and no indecent hurry!"; the Prince turned away his face and began repeating these couplets,
"A Sage, I feel a fool before thy charms; *
             Distraught, I wot not what the words I say:
If say I 'Sun,' away thou dost not pass *
             From eyes of me, while suns go down with day:
Thou hast completed Beauty, in whose praise *
             Speech-makers fail, and talkers lose their way."
Then the eunuch stationed Kamar al-Zaman behind the curtain of the Princess's door and the Prince said to him, "Which of the two ways will please thee more, treat and cure thy lady from here or go in and heal her within the curtain?" The eunuch marvelled at his words and answered, "An thou heal her from here it were better proof of thy skill." Upon this Kamar al-Zaman sat down behind the curtain and, taking out ink case, pen and paper, wrote the following: "This is the writ of one whom passion swayeth,* and whom longing waylayeth * and wakeful misery slayeth * one who despaireth of living * and looketh for naught but dying * with whose mourning heart * nor comforter nor helper taketh part * One whose sleepless eyes * none succoureth from anxieties * whose day is passed in fire * and his night in torturing desire * whose body is wasted for much emaciation * and no messenger from his beloved bringeth him consolation." And after this he indited the following couplets,
"I write with heart devoted to thy thought, *
             And eyelids chafed by tears of blood they bled;
And body clad, by loving pine and pain, *
             In shirt of leanness, and worn down to thread,
To thee complain I of Love's tormentry, *
             Which ousted hapless Patience from her stead:
A toi! show favour and some mercy deign, *
             For Passion's cruel hands my vitals shred."
And beneath his lines he wrote these cadenced sentences, "The heart's pain is removed * by union with the beloved * and whomso his lover paineth * only Allah assaineth! * If we or you have wrought deceit * may the deceiver win defeat! * There is naught goodlier than a lover who keeps faith * with the beloved who works him scathe." Then, by way of subscription, he wrote, "From the distracted and despairing man * whom love and longing trepan * from the lover under passion's ban * the prisoner of transport and distraction * from this Kamar al-Zaman * son of Shahriman * to the peerless one * of the fair Houris the pearl-union * to the Lady Budur * daughter of King Al Ghayur * Know thou that by night I am sleepless * and by day in distress * consumed with increasing wasting and pain * and longing and love unfain * abounding in sighs * with tear flooded eyes * by passion captive ta'en * of Desire the slain * with heart seared by the parting of us twain * the debtor of longing bane, of sickness cup-companion * I am the sleepless one, who never closeth eye * the slave of love, whose tears run never dry * for the fire of my heart is still burning * and never hidden is the flame of my yearning." Then on the margin Kamar al-Zaman wrote this admired verse,
"Salem from graces hoarded by my Lord *
             To her, who holds my heart and soul in hoard!"
And also these,
"Pray'ee grant me some words from your lips, belike *
           Such mercy may comfort and cool these eyne:
From the stress of my love and my pine for you, *
             I make light of what makes me despised, indign:
Allah guard a folk whose abode was far, *
             And whose secret I kept in the holiest shrine:
Now Fortune in kindness hath favoured me *
             Thrown on threshold dust of this love o' mine:
By me bedded I looked on Budúr, whose sun *
             The moon of my fortunes hath made to shine."
Then, having affixed his seal-ring to the missive, he wrote these couplets in the place of address,
"Ask of my writ what wrote my pen in dole, *
             And hear my tale of misery from this scroll;
My hand is writing while my tears down flow, *
             And to the paper 'plains my longing soul:
My tears cease not to roll upon this sheet, *
             And if they stopped I'd cause blood-gouts to roll."
And at the end he added this other verse,
"I've sent the ring from off thy finger bore *
           I when we met, now deign my ring restore!"
Then Kamar al-Zaman set the Lady Budur's ring inside the letter and sealed it and gave it to the eunuch, who took it and went in with it to his mistress.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman, after setting the seal-ring inside the epistle, gave it to the eunuch who took it and went in with it to his mistress; and, when the Lady Budur opened it, she found therein her own very ring. Then she read the paper and when she understood its purport and knew that it was from her beloved, and that he in person stood behind the curtain, her reason began to fly and her breast swelled for joy and rose high; and she repeated these couplets,
"Long, long have I bewailed the sev'rance of our loves, *
             With tears that from my lids streamed down like burning
             rain;
And vowed that, if the days deign reunite us two, *
            My lips should never speak of severance again:
Joy hath o'erwhelmed me so that, for the very stress *
             Of that which gladdens me to weeping I am fain.
Tears are become to you a habit, O my eyes, *
             So that ye weep as well for gladness as for pain.''
And having finished her verse, the Lady Budur stood up forthwith and, firmly setting her feet to the wall, strained with all her might upon the collar of iron, till she brake it from her neck and snapped the chains. Then going forth from behind the curtain she threw herself on Kamar al-Zaman and kissed him on the mouth, like a pigeon feeding its young. And she embraced him with all the stress of her love and longing and said to him, "O my lord do I wake or sleep and hath the Almighty indeed vouchsafe] us reunion after disunion? Laud be to Allah who hath our loves repaired, even after we despaired!" Now when the eunuch saw her in this case, he went off running to King Ghayur and, kissing the ground before him, said, "O my lord, know that this Astrologer is indeed the Shaykh of all astrologers, who are fools to him, all of them; for verily he hath cured thy daughter while standing behind the curtain and without going in to her." Quoth the King, "Look well to it, is this news true?" Answered the eunuch, "O my lord, rise and come and see for thyself how she hath found strength to break the iron chains and is come forth to the Astrologer, kissing and embracing him." Thereupon the King arose and went in to his daughter who, when she saw him, stood up in haste and covered her head, and recited these two couplets,
"The toothstick love I not; for when I say, *
             'Siwák,' I miss thee, for it sounds 'Siwá-ka'.
The caper-tree I love; for when I say, *
             'Arák' it sounds I look on thee, 'Ará-ka.'"
Thereupon the King was so transported for joy at her recovery that he felt like to fly and kissed her between the eyes, for he loved her with dearest love; then, turning to Kamar al-Zaman, he asked him who he was, and said, "What countryman art thou?" So the Prince told him his name and rank, and informed him that he was the son of King Shahriman, and presently related to him the whole story from beginning to end; and acquainted him with what happened between himself and the Lady Budur; and how he had taken her seal-ring from her finger and had placed it on his own; whereat Ghayur marvelled and said, "Verily your story deserveth in books to be chronicled, and when you are dead and gone age after age be read." Then he summoned Kazis and witnesses forthright and married the Lady Budur to Prince Kamar al-Zaman; after which he bade decorate the city seven days long. So they spread the tables with all manner of meats, whilst the drums beat and the criers anounced the glad tidings, and all the troops donned their richest clothes; and they illuminated the city and held high festival. Then Kamar al-Zaman went in to the Lady Budur and the King rejoiced in her recovery and in her marriage; and praised Allah for that He had made her to fall in love with a goodly youth of the sons of Kings. So they unveiled her and displayed the bride before the bridegroom; and both were the living likeness of each other in beauty and comeliness and grace and love-allurement. Then Kamar al-Zaman lay with her that night and took his will of her, whilst she in like manner fulfilled her desire of him and enjoyed his charms and grace; and they slept in each other's arms till the morning. On the morrow, the King made a wedding-feast to which he gathered all comers from the Islands of the Inner and Outer Seas, and he spread the tables with choicest viands nor ceased the banquetting for a whole month. Now when Kamar al-Zaman had thus fulfilled his will and attained his inmost desire, and whenas he had tarried awhile with the Princess Budur, he bethought him of his father, King Shahriman, and saw him in a dream, saying, "O my son, is it thus thou dealest with me?" and recited in the vision these two couplets,
"Indeed to watch the darkness-moon he blighted me, *
             And to star-gaze through longsome night he plighted me:
Easy, my heart! for haply he'll unite with thee; *
             And patience, Sprite! with whatso ills he dight to thee."
Now after seeing his father in the dream and hearing his re preaches, Kamar al-Zaman awoke in the morning, afflicted and troubled, whereupon the Lady Budur questioned him and he told her what he had seen.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Kamar al-Zaman acquainted the Lady Budur with what he had seen in his dream, she and he went in to her sire and, telling him what had passed, besought his leave to travel. He gave the Prince the permission he sought; but the Princess said, "O my father, I cannot bear to be parted from him." Quoth Ghayur, her sire, "Then go thou with him," and gave her leave to be absent a whole twelvemonth and afterwards to visit him in every year once; so she kissed his hand and Kamar al-Zaman did the like. Thereupon King Ghayur proceeded to equip his daughter and her bridegroom for the journey, and furnished them with outfit and appointments for the march; and brought out of his stables horses marked with his own brand, blood-dromedaries which can journey ten days without water, and prepared a litter for his daughter, besides loading mules and camels with victual; moreover, he gave them slaves and eunuchs to serve them and all manner of travellinggear; and on the day of departure, when King Ghayur took leave of Kamar al-Zaman, he bestowed on him ten splendid suits of cloth of gold embroidered with stones of price, together with ten riding horses and ten she-camels, and a treasury of money; and he charged him to love and cherish his daughter the Lady Budur. Then the King accompanied them to the farthest limits of his Islands where, going in to his daughter Budur in the litter, he kissed her and strained her to his bosom, weeping and repeating,
"O thou who wooest Severance, easy fare! *
             For love-embrace belongs to lover-friend:
Fare softly! Fortune's nature falsehood is, *
             And parting shall love's every meeting end."
Then leaving his daughter, he went to her husband and bade him farewell and kissed him; after which he parted from them and, giving the order for the march he returned to his capital with his troops. The Prince and Princess and their suite fared on without stopping through the first day and the second and the third and the fourth, nor did they cease faring for a whole month till they came to a spacious champaign, abounding in pasturage, where they pitched their tents; and they ate and drank and rested, and the Princess Budur lay down to sleep. Presently, Kamar al-Zaman went in to her and found her lying asleep clad in a shift of apricot-coloured silk that showed all and everything; and on her head was a coif of gold-cloth embroidered with pearls and jewels. The breeze raised her shift which laid bare her navel and showed her breasts and displayed a stomach whiter than snow, each one of whose dimples would contain an ounce of benzoin- ointment. At this sight, his love and longing redoubled, and he began reating,
"An were it asked me when by hell-fire burnt, *
             When flames of heart my vitals hold and hem,
'Which wouldst thou chose, say wouldst thou rather them, *
             Or drink sweet cooling draught?' I'd answer, 'Them!' "
Then he put his hand to the band of her petticoat-trousers and drew it and loosed it, for his soul lusted after her, when he saw a jewel, red as dye-wood, made fast to the band. He untied it and examined it and, seeing two lines of writing graven thereon, in a character not to be read, marvelled and said in his mind, "Were not this bezel something to her very dear she had not bound it to her trousers-band nor hidden it in the most privy and precious place about her person, that she might not be parted from it. Would I knew what she cloth with this and what is the secret that is in it." So saying, he took it and went outside the tent to look at it in the light,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day, and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when he took the bezel to look at it in the light, the while he was holding it behold, a bird swooped down on him and, snatching the same from his hand, flew off with it and then lighted on the ground. There-upon Kamar al-Zaman fearing to lose the jewel, ran after the bird; but it flew on before him, keeping just out of his reach, and ceased not to draw him on from dale to dale and from hill to hill, till the night starkened and the firmament darkened, when it roosted on a high tree. So Kamar al-Zaman stopped under the tree confounded in thought and faint for famine and fatigue, and giving himself up for lost, would have turned back, but knew not the way whereby he came, for that darkness had overtaken him. Then he exclaimed, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious the Great!"; and laying him down under the tree (whereon was the bird) slept till the morning, when he awoke and saw the bird also wake up and fly away. He arose and walked after it, and it flew on little by little before him, after the measure of his faring; at which he smiled and said, "By Allah, a strange thing! Yesterday, this bird flew before me as fast as I could run, and to-day, knowing that I have awoke tired and cannot run, he flieth after the measure of my faring. By Allah, this is wonderful! But I must needs follow this bird whether it lead me to death or to life; and I will go wherever it goeth, for at all events it will not abide save in some inhabited land. So he continued to follow the bird which roosted every night upon a tree; and he ceased not pursuing it for a space of ten days, feeding on the fruits of the earth and drinking of its waters. At the end of this time, he came in sight of an inhabited city, whereupon the bird darted off like the glance of the eye and, entering the town, disappeared from Kamar al-Zaman, who knew not what it meant or whither it was gone; so he marvelled at this and exclaimed, "Praise be to Allah who hath brought me in safety to this city!" Then he sat down by a stream and washed his hands and feet and face and rested awhile; and, recalling his late easy and pleasant life of union with his beloved and contrasting it with his present plight of trouble and fatigue and distress and strangerhood and famine and severance, the tears streamed from his eyes and he began repeating these cinquains,
"Pain had I hid thy handwork, but it showed, *
             Changed sleep for wake, and wake with me abode:
When thou didst spurn my heart I cried aloud *
             Pate, hold thy hand and cease to gird and goad:
                          In dole and danger aye my sprite I spy!
An but the Lord of Love were just to me, *
             Sleep fro' my eyelids ne'er were forced to flee.
Pity, my lady, one for love o' thee *
             Prom his tribes darling brought to low degree:
                          Love came and doomed Wealth beggar-death to die.
The railers chide at thee: I ne'er gainsay, *
             But stop my ears and dumbly sign them Nay:
'Thou lov'st a slender may,' say they; I say, *
             'I've picked her out and cast the rest away:'
                          Enough; when Fate descends she blinds man's
                          eye!"
And as soon as he had finished his poetry and had taken his rest, he rose and walked on little by little, till he entered the city.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Eighth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that as soon as Kamar al-Zaman had finished his poetry and had taken his rest, he arose and entered the city-gate not knowing whither he should wend. He crossed the city from end to end, entering by the land-gate, and ceased not faring on till he came out at the sea- gate, for the city stood on the sea-shore. Yet he met not a single one of its citizens. And after issuing from the land-gate he fared forwards and ceased not faring till he found himself among the orchards and gardens of the place; and, passing among the trees presently came to a garden and stopped before its door; where-upon the keeper came out to him and saluted him. The Prince returned his greeting and the gardener bade him welcome, saying, "Praised be Allah that thou hast come off safe from the dwellers of this city! Quick, come into the garth, ere any of the townfolk see thee." Thereupon Kamar al-Zaman entered that garden, wondering in mind, and asked the keeper, "What may be the history of the people of this city and who may they be?" The other answered, "Know that the people of this city are all Magians: but Allah upon thee, tell me how thou camest to this city and what caused thy coming to our capital." Accordingly Kamar al-Zaman told the gardener all that had befallen him from beginning to end, whereat he marvelled with great marvel and said, "Know, O my son, that the cities of Al-Islam lie far from us; and between us and them is a four months' voyage by sea and a whole twelve months' journey by land. We have a ship which saileth every year with merchandise to the nearest Moslem country and which entereth the seas of the Ebony Islands and thence maketh the Khalidan Islands, the dominions of King Shahriman." Thereupon Kamar al- Zaman considered awhile and concluded that he could not do better than abide in the garden with the gardener and become his assistant, receiving for pay one fourth of the produce. So he said to him, "Wilt thou take me into thy service, to help thee in this garden?" Answered the gardener, "To hear is to consent;" and began teaching him to lead the water to the roots of the trees. So Kamar al-Zaman abode with him, watering the trees and hoeing up the weeds and wearing a short blue frock which reached to his knees. And he wept floods of tears; for he had no rest day or night, by reason of his strangerhood and he ceased not to repeat verses upon his beloved, amongst others the following couplets,

"Ye promised us and will ye not keep plight? *
             Ye said a say and shall not deed be dight?
We wake for passion while ye slumber and sleep; *
             Watchers and wakers claim not equal right:
We vowed to keep our loves in secrecy, *
             But spake the meddler and you spoke forthright:
O friend in pain and pleasure, joy and grief, *
             In all case you, you only, claim my sprite!
Mid folk is one who holds my prisoned heart; *
             Would he but show some ruth for me to sight.
Not every eye like mine is wounded sore, *
             Not every heart like mine love-pipings blight:
Ye wronged me saying, Love is wrongous aye *
             Yea! ye were right, events have proved that quite.
Forget they one love-thralled, whose faith the world *
             Robs not, though burn the fires in heart alight:
If an my foeman shall become my judge, *
             Whom shall I sue to remedy his despight?
Had not I need of love nor love had sought, *
             My heart forsure were not thus love-distraught."
Such was the case with Kamar al-Zaman; but as regards his wife, the Lady Budur, when she awoke she sought her husband and found him not: then she saw her petticoat-trousers undone, for the band had been loosed and the bezel lost, whereupon she said to herself, "By Allah, this is strange! Where is my husband? It would seem as if he had taken the talisman and gone away, knowing not the secret which is in it. Would to Heaven I knew whither can he have wended! But it must needs have been some extraordinary matter that drew him away, for he cannot brook to leave me a moment. Allah curse the stone and damn its hour!" Then she considered awhile and said in her mind, "If I go out and tell the varlets and let them learn that my husband is lost they will lust after me: there is no help for it but that I use stratagem. So she rose and donned some of her husband's clothes and riding- boots, and a turband like his, drawing one corner of it across her face for a mouth-veil. Then, setting a slave-girl in her litter, she went forth from the tent and called to the pages who brought her Kamar al-Zaman's steed; and she mounted and bade them load the beasts and resume the march. So they bound on the burdens and departed; and she concealed her trick, none doubting but she was Kamar al-Zaman, for she favoured him in face and form; nor did she cease journeying, she and her suite, days and nights, till they came in sight of a city overlooking the Salt Sea, where they pitched their tents without the walls and halted to rest. The Princess asked the name of the town and was told, "It is called the City of Ebony; its King is named Armanús, and he hath a daughter Hayát al-Nufús hight,"—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Ninth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the Lady Budur halted within sight of the Ebony City to take her rest, King Armanus sent a messenger, to learn what King it was who had encamped without his capital; so the messenger, coming to the tents, made inquiry anent their King, and was told that she was a King's son who had lost the way being bound for the Khalidan Islands; whereupon he returned to King Armanus with the tidings; and, when the King heard them, he straightway rode out with the lords of his land to greet the stranger on arrival. As he drew near the tents the Lady Budur came to meet him on foot, whereupon the King alighted and they saluted each other. Then he took her to the city and, bringing her up to the palace, bade them spread the tables and trays of food and commanded them to transport her company and baggage to the guess house. So they abode there three days; at the end of which time the King came in to the Lady Budur. Now she had that day gone to the Hammam and her face shone as the moon at its full, a seduction to the world and a rending of the veil of shame to mankind; and Armanus found her clad in a -suit of silk, embroidered with gold and jewels; so he said to her, 'O my son, know that I am a very old man, decrepit withal, and Allah hath blessed me with no child save one daughter, who resembleth thee in beauty and grace; and I am now waxed unfit for the conduct of the state. She is shine, O my son; and, if this my land please thee and thou be willing to abide and make thy home here, I will marry thee to her and give thee my kingdom and so be at rest." When Princess Budur heard this, she bowed her head and her forehead sweated for shame, and she said to herself. "How shall I do, and I a woman? If I refuse and depart from him, I cannot be safe but that haply send after me troops to slay me; and if I consent, belike I shall be put to shame. I have lost my beloved Kamar al-Zaman and know not what is become of him; nor can I escape from this scrape save by holding my peace and consenting and abiding here, till Allah bring about what is to be." So she raised her head and made submission to King Armanus, saying, "Hearkening and obedience!"; whereat he rejoiced and bade the herald make proclamation throughout the Ebony Islands to hold high festival and decorate the houses. Then he assembled his Chamberlains and Nabobs, and Emirs and Wazirs and his officers of state and the Kazis of the city; and, formally abdicating his Sultanate, endowed Budur therewith and invested her in all the vestments of royalty. The Emirs and Grandees went in to her and did her homage, nothing doubting but that she was a young man, and all who looked on her bepissed their bag-trousers, for the excess of her beauty and loveliness. Then, after the Lady Budur had been made Sultan and the drums had been beaten in announcement of the glad event, and she had been ceremoniously enthroned, King Armanus proceeded to equip his daughter Hayat al-Nufus for marriage, and in a few days, they brought the Lady Budur in to her, when they seemed as it were two moons risen at one time or two suns in conjunction. So they entered the bridal-chamber and the doors were shut and the curtains let down upon them, after the attendants had lighted the wax-candles and spread for them the carpet-bed. When Budur found herself alone with the Princess Hayat al-Nufus, she called to mind her beloved Kamar al-Zaman and grief was sore upon her. So she wept for his absence, and estrangement and she began repeating,
"O ye who fled and left my heart in pain low li'en, *
             No breath of life if found within this frame of mine:
I have an eye which e'er complains of wake, but lo! *
             Tears occupy it would that wake content these eyne!
After ye marched forth the lover 'bode behind; *
             Question of him what pains your absence could design!
But for the foods of tears mine eyelids rail and rain, *
             My fires would flame on high and every land calcine.
To Allah make I moan of loved ones lost for aye, *
             Who for my pine and pain no more shall pain and pine:
I never wronged them save that over love I nurst: *
             But Love departs us lovers into blest and curst."
And when she had finished her repeating, the Lady Budur sat down beside the Princess Hayat al-Nufus and kissed her on the mouth; after which rising abruptly, she made the minor ablution and betook herself to her devotions; nor did she leave praying till Hayat al-Nufus fell asleep, when she slips into bed and lay with her back to her till morning. And when day had broke the King and Queen came in to their daughter and asked her how she did. whereupon she told them what she had seen, and repeated to them the verses she had heard. Thus far concerning Hayat al-Nufus and her father; but as regards Queen Budur she went forth and seated herself upon the royal throne and all the Emirs and Captains and Officers of state came up to her and wished her joy of the kingship, kissing the earth before her and calling down blessings upon her. And she accosted them with smiling face and clad them in robes of honour, augmenting the fiefs of the high officials and giving largesse to the levies; wherefore all the people loved her and offered up prayers for the long endurance of her reign, doubting not but that she was a man. And she ceased not sitting all day in the hall of audience, bidding and forbidding; dispensing justice, releasing prisoners and remitting the customs-dues, till nightfall, when she withdrew to the apartment prepared for her. Here she found Hayat al-Nufus seated, so she sat down by her side and, clapping her on the back, coaxed and caressed her and kissed her between the eyes, and fell to versifying in these couplets,
"What secret kept I these my tears have told, *
             And my waste body must my love unfold:
Though hid my pine, my plight on parting day *
             To every envious eye my secret sold:
O ye who broke up camp, you've left behind *
            My spirit wearied and my heart a-cold:
In my hearts core ye dwell, and now these eyne *
             Roll blood-drops with the tears they whilome rolled:
The absent will I ransom with my soul; *
             All can my yearning for their sight behold:
I have an eye whose babe, for love of thee, *
             Rejected sleep nor hath its tears controlled.
The foeman bids me patient bear his loss, *
             Ne'er may mine ears accept the ruth he doled!
I tricks their deme of me, and won my wish *
             Of Kamar al-Zaman's joys manifold:
He joins all perfect gifts like none before, *
             Boasted such might and main no King of old:
Seeing his gifts, Bin Zá'idah's largesse *
             Forget we, and Mu'áwiyah mildest-soul'd:
Were verse not feeble and o'er short the time *
             I had in laud of him used all of rhyme."
Then Queen Budur stood up and wiped away her tears and, making the lesser ablution, applied her to pray: nor did she give over praying till drowsiness overcame the Lady Hayat al- Nufus and she slept, whereupon the Lady Budur came and lay by her till the morning. At daybreak, she arose and prayed the dawn- prayer; and presently seated herself on the royal throne and passed the day in ordering and counter ordering and giving laws and administering justice. This is how it fared with her; but as regards King Armanus he went in to his daughter and asked her how she did; so she told him all that had befallen her and repeated to him the verses which Queen Budur had recited, adding, "O my father, never saw I one more abounding in sound sense and modesty than my husband, save that he cloth nothing but weep and sigh." He answered, "O my daughter, have patience with him yet this third night, and if he go not in unto thee and do away thy maidenhead, we shall know how to proceed with him and oust him from the throne and banish him the country." And on this wise he agreed with his daughter what course he would take.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Tenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Armanus had agreed with his daughter on this wise and had determined what course he would take and night came on, Queen Budur arose from the throne of her kingdom and betaking herself to the palace, entered the apartment prepared for her. There she found the wax-candles lighted and the Princess Hayat al-Nufus seated and awaiting her; whereupon she bethought her of her husband and what had betided them both of sorrow and severance in so short a space; she wept and sighed and groaned groan upon groan, and began improvising these couplets,
"News of my love fill all the land, I swear, *
             As suns on Ghazá-wold rain heat and glare:
Speaketh his geste but hard its sense to say; *
             Thus never cease to grow my cark and care:
I hate fair Patience since I loved thee; *
             E'er sawest lover hate for love to bear?
A glance that dealt love-sickness dealt me death, *
             Glances are deadliest things with torments rare:
He shook his love locks down and bared his chin, *
             Whereby I spied his beauties dark and fair:
My care, my cure are in his hands; and he *
             Who caused their dolour can their dole repair:
His belt went daft for softness of his waist; *
             His hips, for envy, to uprise forbear:
His brow curl-diademed is murky night; *
             Unveil 't and lo! bright Morn shows brightest light."
When she had finished her versifying, she would have risen to pray, but, lo and behold! Hayat al-Nufus caught her by the skirt and clung to her saying, "O my lord, art thou not ashamed before my father, after all his favour, to neglect me at such a time as this?" When Queen Budur heard her words, she sat down in the same place and said, "O my beloved, what is this thou sayest?" She replied, "What I say is that I never saw any so proud of himself as thou. Is every fair one so disdainful? I say not this to incline thee to me; I say it only of my fear for thee from King Armanus; because he purposeth, unless thou go in unto me this very night, and do away my maidenhead, to strip thee of the kingship on the morrow and banish thee his kingdom; and peradventure his excessive anger may lead him to slay thee. But I, O my lord, have ruth on thee and give thee fair warning; and it is thy right to reck." Now when Queen Budur heard her speak these words, she bowed her head ground-wards awhile in sore perplexity and said in herself, "If I refuse I'm lost; and if I obey I'm shamed. But I am now Queen of all the Ebony Islands and they are under my rule, nor shall I ever again meet my Kamar al- Zaman save in this place; for there is no way for him to his native land but through the Ebony Islands. Verily, I know not what to do in my present case, but I commit my care to Allah who directeth all for the best, for I am no man that I should arise and open this virgin girl." Then quoth Queen Budur to Hayat al- Nufus, "O my beloved, that I have neglected thee and abstained from thee is in my own despite." And she told her her whole story from beginning to end and showed her person to her, saying, "I conjure thee by Allah to keep my counsel, for I have concealed my case only that Allah may reunite me with my beloved Kamar al- Zaman and then come what may."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Eleventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the Lady Budur acquainted Hayat al-Nufus with her history and bade her keep it secret, the Princess heard her with extreme wonderment and was moved to pity and prayed Allah to reunite her with her beloved, saying, "Fear nothing, O my sister; but have patience till Allah bring to pass that which must come to pass:" and she began repeating,
"None but the men of worth a secret keep;
With worthy men a secret's hidden deep;
As in a room, so secrets lie with me,
Whose door is sealed, lock shot and lost the key."
And when Hayat al-Nufus had ended her verses, she said, "O my sister, verily the breasts of the noble and brave are of secrets the grave; and I will not discover shine." Then they toyed and embraced and kissed and slept till near the Mu'ezzin's call to dawn prayer, when Hayat al-Nufus arose and took a pigeon-poult, and cut its throat over her smock and besmeared herself with its blood. Then she pulled off her petticoat-trousers and cried aloud, where-upon her people hastened to her and raised the usual lullilooing and outcries of joy and gladness. Presently her mother came in to her and asked her how she did and busied herself about her and abode with her till evening; whilst the Lady Budur arose with the dawn, and repaired to the bath and, after washing herself pure, proceeded to the hall of audience, where she sat down on her throne and dispensed justice among the folk. Now when King Armanus heard the loud cries of joy, he asked what was the matter and was informed of the consummation of his daughter's marriage; whereat he rejoiced and his breast swelled with gladness and he made a great marriage-feast whereof the merry-making lasted a long time. Such was their case: but as regards King Shahriman it was on this wise. After his son had fared forth to the chase accompanied by Marzawan, as before related, he tarried patiently awaiting their return at nightfall; but when his son did not appear he passed a sleepless night and the dark hours were longsome upon him; his restlessness was excessive, his excitement grew upon him and he thought the morning would never dawn. Anc when day broke he sat expecting his son and waited till noon, but he came not; whereat his heart forebode separation and was fired with fears for Kamar al-Zaman; and he cried, "Alas! my son!" and he wept till his clothes were drenched with tears, and repeated with a beating heart,

"Love's votaries I ceased not to oppose, *
             Till doomed to taste Love's bitter and Love's sweet:
I drained his rigour-cup to very dregs, *
             Self humbled at its slaves' and freemen's feet:
Fortune had sworn to part the loves of us; *
             She kept her word how truly, well I weet!"
And when he ended his verse, he wiped away his tears and bade his troops make ready for a march and prepare for a long expedition. So they all mounted and set forth, headed by the Sultan, whose heart burnt with grief and was fired with anxiety for his son Kamar al-Zaman; and they advanced by forced marches. Now the King divided his host into six divisions, a right wing and a left wing, a vanguard and a rear guard; and bade them rendezvous for the morrow at the cross-roads. Accordingly they separated and scoured the country all the rest of that day till night, and they marched through the night and at noon of the ensuing day they joined company at the place where four roads met. But they knew not which the Prince followed, till they saw the sign of torn clothes and sighted shreds of flesh and beheld blood still sprinkled by the way and they noted every piece of the clothes and fragment of mangled flesh scattered on all sides. Now when King Shahriman saw this, he cried from his heart-core a loud cry, saying, "Alas, my son!"; and buffeted his face and plucks his beard and rent his raiment, doubting not but his son was dead. Then he gave himself up to excessive weeping and wailing, and the troops also wept for his weeping, all being assured that Prince Kamar al-Zaman had perished. They threw dust on their heads, and the night surprised them shedding tears and lamenting till they were like to die. Then the King with a heart on fire and with burning sighs spake these couplets,
"Chide not the mourner for bemourning woe; *
             Enough is yearning every Ill to show:
He weeps for stress of sorrow and of pain, *
             And these to thee best evidence his lowe:
Happy! of whom Love sickness swore that ne'er *
             Should cease his eye lids loving tears to flow:
He mourns the loss of fairest, fullest Moon, *
             Shining o'er all his peers in glorious glow:
But death made drink a brimming cup, what day *
             He fared from natal country fain to go:
His home left he and went from us to grief; *
             Nor to his brethren could he say adieu:
Yea, his loss wounded me with parting pangs, *
             And separation cost me many a throe:
He fared farewelling, as he fared, our eyes; *
            Whenas his Lord vouch-safed him Paradise."
And when King Shahriman had ended his verses, he returned with the troops to his capital,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twelfth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Shahriman had ended his verses, he returned with the troops to his capital, giving up his son for lost, and deeming that wild beasts or banditti had set upon him and torn him to pieces; and made proclamation that all in the Khalidan Islands should don black in mourning for him. Moreover, he built, in his memory, a pavilion, naming it House of Lamentations; and on Mondays and Thursdays he devoted himself to the business of the state and ordering the affairs of his levies and lieges; and the rest of the week he was wont to spend in the House of Lamentations, mourning for his son and bewailing him with elegiac verses, of which the following are some:—
"My day of bliss is that when thou appearest; *
             My day of bale is that whereon thou farest:
Though through the night I quake in dread of death; *
            Union wi' thee is of all bliss the dearest."
And again he said,
"My soul be sacrifice for one, whose going *
             Afflicted hearts with sufferings sore and dread:
Let joy her widowed term fulfil, for I *
             Divorced joy with the divorce thrice-said."
Such was the case with King Shahriman; but as regards Queen Budur daughter of King Ghayur, she abode as ruler in the Ebony Islands, whilst the folk would point to her with their fingers, and say, "Yonder is the son-in-law of King Armanus." And every night she lay with Hayat al-Nufus, to whom she lamented her desolate state and longing for her husband Kamar al-Zaman; weeping and describing to her his beauty and loveliness, and yearning to enjoy him though but in a dream: And at times she would repeat,
"Well Allah wots that since my severance from thee, *
             I wept till forced to borrow tears at usury:
'Patience!' my blamer cried, 'Heartsease right soon shalt see!' *
             Quoth I, 'Say, blamer, where may home of Patience be?'"
This is how it fared with Queen Budur; but as regards Kamar al- Zaman, he abode with the gardener in the garden for no short time, weeping night and day and repeating verses bewailing the past time of enjoyment and delight; whilst the gardener kept comforting him and assuring him that the ship would set sail for the land of the Moslems at the end of the year. And in this condition he continued till one day he saw the folk crowding together and wondered at this; but the gardener came in to him and said, "O my son, give over work for this day nor lead water to the trees; for it is a festival day, whereon folk visit one another. So take thy rest and only keep shine eye on the garden, whilst I go look after the ship for thee; for yet but a little while and I send thee to the land of the Moslems." Upon this, he went forth from the garden leaving to himself Kamar al-Zaman, who fell to musing upon his case till his heart was like to break and the tears streamed from his eyes. So he wept with excessive weeping till he swooned away and, when he recovered, he rose and walked about the garden, pondering what Time had done with him and bewailing the long endurance of his estrangement and separation from those he loved. As he was thus absorbed in melancholy thought, his foot stumbled and he fell on his face, his forehead striking against the projecting root of a tree; and the blow cut it open and his blood ran down and mingled with his tears Then he rose and, wiping away the blood, dried his tears and bound his brow with a piece of rag; then continued his walk about the garden engrossed by sad reverie. Presently, he looked up at a tree and saw two birds quarrelling thereon, and one of them rose up and smote the other with its beak on the neck and severed from its body its head, wherewith it flew away, whilst the slain bird fell to the ground before Kamar al-Zaman. As it lay, behold, two great birds swooped down upon it alighting, one at the head and the other at the tail, and both drooped their wings and bowed their bills over it and, extending their necks towards it, wept. Kamar al-Zaman also wept when seeing the birds thus bewail their mate, and called to mind his wife and father, And Shahrazed perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman wept and lamented his separation from spouse and sire, when he beheld those two birds weeping over their mate. Then he looked at the twain and saw them dig a grave and therein bury the slain bird; after which they flew away far into the firmament and disappeared for a while; but presently they returned with the murtherer-bird and, alighting on the grave of the murthered, stamped on the slayer till they had done him to death. Then they rent his belly and tearing out his entrails, poured the blood on the grave of the slain: moreover, they stripped off his skin and tare his flesh in pieces and, pulling out the rest of the bowels, scattered them hither and thither. All this while Kamar al-Zaman was watching them wonderingly; but presently, chancing to look at the place where the two birds had slain the third, he saw therein something gleaming. So he drew near to it and noted that it was the crop of the dead bird. Whereupon he took it and opened it and found the talisman which had been the cause of his separation from his wife. But when he saw it and knew it, he fell to the ground a-fainting for joy; and, when he revived, he said, "Praised be Allah! This is a foretaste of good and a presage of reunion with my beloved." Then he examined the jewel and passed it over his eyes; after which he bound it to his forearm, rejoicing in coming weal, and walked about till nightfall awaiting the gardener's return; and when he came not, he lay down and slept in his wonted place. At daybreak he rose to his work and, girding his middle with a cord of palm- fibre, took hatchet and basket and walked down the length of the garden, till he came to a carob-tree and struck the axe into its roots. The blow rang and resounded; so he cleared away the soil from the place and discovered a trap-door and raised it.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When It was the Two Hundred and Fourteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Kamar al-Zaman raised the trap-door, he found a winding stair, which he descended and came to an ancient vault of the time of Ad and Thamúd, hewn out of the rock. Round the vault stood many brazen vessels of the bigness of a great oil-jar which he found full of gleaming red gold: whereupon he said to himself, "Verily sorrow is gone and solace is come!" Then he mounted from the souterrain to the garden and, replacing the trap-door as it was before, busied himself in conducting water to the trees till the last of the day, when the gardener came back and said to him, "O my son, rejoice at the good tidings of a speedy return to thy native land: the merchants are ready equipped for the voyage and the ship in three days' time will set sail for the City of Ebony, which is the first of the cities of the Moslems, and after making it, thou must travel by land a six months' march till thou come to the Islands of Khalidan, the dominions of King Shahriman." At this Kamar al-Zaman rejoiced and began repeating,
"Part not from one whose wont is not to part from you; *
             Nor with your cruel taunts an innocent mortify:
Another so long parted had ta'en heart from you, *
             And had his whole condition changed,—but not so I."
Then he kissed the gardener's hand and said, "O my father, even as thou hast brought me glad tidings, so I also have great good news for thee,' and told him anent his discovery of the vault; whereat the gardener rejoiced and said, "O my son, fourscore years have I dwelt in this garden and have never hit on aught whilst thou, who hast not sojourned with me a year, hast discovered this thing; wherefore it is Heaven's gift to thee, which shall end thy crosses and aid thee to rejoin thy folk and foregather with her thou lovest." Quoth Kamar al-Zaman, "There is no help but it must be shared between me and thee." Then he carried him to the underground-chamber and showed him the gold, which was in twenty jars: he took ten and the gardener ten, and the old man said to him, "O my son, fill thyself leather bottles with the sparrow-olives which grow in this garden, for they are not found except in our land; and the merchants carry them to all parts. Lay the gold in the bottles and strew it over with olives: then stop them and cover them and take them with thee in the ship." So Kamar al-Zaman arose without stay or delay and took fifty leather bottles and stored in each somewhat of the gold, and closed each one after placing a layer of olives over the gold; and at the bottom of one of the bottles he laid the talisman. Then sat he down to talk with the gardener, confident of speedy reunion with his own people and saying to himself, "When I come to the Ebony Islands I will journey thence to my father's country and enquire for my beloved Budur. Would to Heaven I knew whether she returned to her own land or journeyed on to my father's country or whether there befel her any accident by the way." And he began versifying,
"Love in my breast they lit and fared away, *
           And far the land wherein my love is pent:
Far lies the camp and those who camp therein; *
            Par is her tent-shrine, where I ne'er shall tent.
Patience far deaf me when from me they fled; *
             Sleep failed mine eyes, endurance was forspent:
They left and with them left my every joy, *
             Wending with them, nor find I peace that went:
They made these eyes roll down love tears in flood, *
             And lacking them these eyne with tears are drent.
When my taste spins once again would see them, *
             When pine and expectation but augment,
In my heart's core their counterfeits I trace, *
             With love and yearning to behold their grace."
Then, while he awaited the end of the term of days, he told the gardener the tale of the birds and what had passed between them; whereat the hearer wondered; and they both lay down and slept till the morning. The gardener awoke sick and abode thus two days; but on the third day, his sickness increased on him, till they despaired of his life and Kamar al-Zaman grieved with sore grief for him. Meanwhile behold, the Master and his crew came and enquired for the gardener; and, when Kamar al-Zaman told them that he was sick, they asked, "Where be the youth who is minded to go with us to the Ebony Islands?" "He is your servent and he standeth before you!" answered the Prince and bade them carry the bottles of olives to the ship; so they transported them, saying, "Make haste, thou, for the wind is fair;" and he replied, "I hear and obey." Then he carried his provaunt on board and, returning to bid the gardener farewell, found him in the agonies of death; so he sat down at his head and closed his eyes, and his soul departed his body; whereupon he laid him out and committed him to the earth unto the mercy of Allah Almighty. Then he made for the ship but found that she had already weighed anchor and set sail; nor did she cease to cleave the seas till she disappeared from his sight. So he went back to whence he came heavy-hearted with whirling head; and neither would he address a soul nor return a reply; and reaching the garden and sitting down in cark and care he threw dust on his head and buffeted his cheeks.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Fifteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when the ship sped on her course, Kamar al-Zaman returned to the garden in cark and care; but- anon he rented the place of its owner and hired a man to help him in irrigating the trees. Moreover, he repaired the trap-door and he went to the underground chamber and bringing the rest of the gold to grass, stowed it in other fifty bottles which he filled up with a layer of olives. Then he enquired of the ship and they told him that it sailed but once a year, at which his trouble of mind redoubled and he cried sore for that which had betided him, above all for the loss of the Princess Budur's talisman, and spent his nights and days weeping and repealing verses. Such was his case; but as regards the ship she sailed with a favouring wind till she reached the Ebony Islands. Now by decree of destiny, Queen Budur was sitting at a lattice-window overlooking the sea and saw the galley cast anchor upon the strand. At this sight, her heart throbbed and she took horse with the Chamberlains and Nabobs and, riding down to the shore, halted by the ship, whilst the sailors broke bulk and bore the bales to the storehouses; after which she called the captain to her presence and asked what he had with him. He answered "O King, I have with me in this ship aromatic drugs and cosmetics and healing powders and ointments and plasters and precious metals and rich stuffs and rugs of Yemen leather, not to be borne of mule or camel, and all manner of otters and spices and perfumes, civet and ambergris and camphor and Sumatra aloes-wood, and tamerinds and sparrow-olives to boot, such as are rare to find in this country." When she heard talk of sparrow- olives her heart longed for them and she said to the ship-master, "How much of olives hast thou?" He replied, "Fifty bottles full, but their owner is not with us, so the King shall take what he will of them." Quoth she, "Bring them ashore, that I may see them.'' Thereupon he called to the sailors, who brought her the fifty bottles; and she opened one and, looking at the olives, said to the captain, "I will take the whole fifty and pay you their value, whatso it be." He answered, "By Allah, O my lord, they have no value in our country; moreover their shipper tarried behind us, and he is a poor man." Asked she, "And what are they worth here?" and he answered "A thousand dirhams." "I will take them at a thousand," she said and bade them carry the fifty bottles to the palace. When it was night, she called for a bottle of olives and opened it, there being none in the room but herself and the Princess Hayat al-Nufus. Then, placing a dish before her she turned into it the contents of the jar, when there fell out into the dish with the olives a heap of red gold; and she said to the Lady Hayat al-Nufus, "This is naught but gold!" So she sent for the rest of the bottles and found them all full of precious metal and scarce enough olives to fill a single jar. Moreover, she sought among the gold and found therein the talisman, which she took and examined and behold, it was that which Kamar al- Zaman had taken from off the band of her petticoat trousers. Thereupon she cried out for joy and slipped down in a swoon;—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Sixteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Budur saw the talisman she cried out for joy and slipped down in a swoon; and when she recovered she said to herself, "Verily, this talisman was the cause of my separation from my beloved Kamar al-Zaman; but now it is an omen of good." Then she showed it to Hayat al-Nufus and said to her, "This was the cause of disunion and now, please Allah, it shall be the cause of reunion." As soon as day dawned she seated herself on the royal throne and sent for the ship-master, who came into the presence and kissed the ground before her. Quoth she, "Where didst thou leave the owner of these olives?" Quoth he, "O King of the age, we left him in the land of the Magians and he is a gardener there." She rejoined, "Except thou bring him to me, thou knowest not the harm which awaiteth thee and thy ship." Then she bade them seal up the magazines of the merchants and said to them, "Verily the owner of these olives hath borrowed of me and I have a claim upon him for debt and, unless ye bring him to me, I will without fail do you all die and seize your goods." So they went to the captain and promised him the hire of the ship, if he would go and return a second time, saying, "Deliver us from this masterful tyrant." Accordingly the skipper embarked and set sail and Allah decreed him a prosperous voyage, till he came to the Island of the Magians and, landing by night, went up to the garden. Now the night was long upon Kamar al-Zaman, and he sat, bethinking him of his beloved, and bewailing what had befallen him and versifying,
"A night whose stars refused to run their course, *
             A night of those which never seem outworn:
Like Resurrection-day, of longsome length *
             To him that watched and waited for the morn."
Now at this moment, the captain knocked at the garden-gate, and Kamar al-Zaman opened and went out to him, whereupon the crew seized him and went down with him on board the ship and set sail forthright; and they ceased not voyaging days and nights, whilst Kamar al-Zaman knew not why they dealt thus with him; but when he questioned them they replied, "Thou hast offended against the Lord of the Ebony Islands, the son-in-law of King Armanus, and thou hast stolen his monies, miserable that thou art!" Said he, "By Allah! I never entered that country nor do I know where it is!" However, they fared on with him, till they made the Ebony Islands and landing, carried him up to the Lady Budur, who knew him at sight and said, "Leave him with the eunuchs, that they may take him to the bath." Then she relieved the merchants of the embargo and gave the captain a robe of honour worth ten thousand pieces of gold; and, after returning to the palace, she went in that night to the Princess Hayat al-Nufus and told her what had passed, saying, "Keep thou my counsel, till I accomplish my purpose, and do a deed which shall be recorded and shall be read by Kings and commoners after we be dead and gone." And when she gave orders that they bear Kamar al-Zaman to the bath, they did so and clad him in a royal habit so that, when he came forth, he resembled a willow-bough or a star which shamed the greater and lesser light and its glow, and his life and soul returned to his frame. Then he repaired to the palace and went in to the Princess Budur; and when she saw him she schooled her heart to patience, till she should have accomplished her purpose; and she bestowed on him Mamelukes and eunuchs, camels and mules. Moreover, she gave him a treasury of money and she ceased not advancing him from dignity to dignity, till she made him Lord High Treasurer and committed to his charge all the treasures of the state; and she admitted him to familiar favour and acquainted the Emirs with his rank and dignity. And all loved him, for Queen Budur did not cease day by day to increase his allowances. As for Kamar al-Zaman, he was at a loss anent the reason of her thus honouring him; and he gave gifts and largesse out of the abundance of the wealth; and he devoted himself to the service of King Armanus; so that the King and all the Emirs and people, great and small, adored him and were wont to swear by his life. Nevertheless, he ever marvelled at the honour and favour shown him by Queen Budur and said to himself, "By Allah, there needs must be a reason for this affection! Peradventure, this King favoureth me not with these immoderate favours save for some ill purpose and, therefore, there is no help but that I crave leave of him to depart his realm." So he went in to Queen Budur and said to her, "O King, thou hast overwhelmed me with favours, but it will fulfil the measure of thy bounties if thou take from me all thou hast been pleased to bestow upon me, and permit me to depart." She smiled and asked, "What maketh thee seek to depart and plunge into new perils, whenas thou art in the enjoyment of the highest favour and greatest prosperity?" Answered Kamar al- Zaman, "O King, verily this favour, if there be no reason for it, is indeed a wonder of wonders, more by token that thou hast advanced me to dignities such as befit men of age and experience, albeit I am as it were a young child." And Queen Budur rejoined, "The reason is that I love thee for shine exceeding loveliness and thy surpassing beauty; and if thou wilt but grant me my desire of thy body, I will advance thee yet farther in honour and favour and largesse; and I will make thee Wazir, for all thy tender age even as the folk made me Sultan over them and I no older than thou; so that nowadays there is nothing strange when children take the head and by Allah, he was a gifted man who said,
'It seems as though of Lot's tribe were our days, *
             And crave with love to advance the young in years.'"
When Kamar al-Zaman heard these words, he was abashed and his cheeks flushed till they seemed a-flame; and he said, "I need not these favours which lead to the commission of sin; I will live poor in wealth but wealthy in virtue and honour." Quoth she, "I am not to be duped by thy scruples, arising from prudery and coquettish ways; and Allah bless him who saith,
'To him I spake of coupling, but he said to me, *
            How long this noyous long persistency?'
But when gold piece I showed him, he cried, *
           'Who from the Almighty Sovereign e'er shall flee?'"
Now when Kamar al-Zaman, heard these words and understood her verses and their import, he said, "O King, I have not the habit of these doings, nor have I strength to bear these heavy burthens for which elder than I have proved unable; then how will it be with my tender age?" But she smiled at his speech and retorted, "Indeed, it is a matter right marvellous how error springeth from the disorder of man's intendiment!! Since thou art a boy, why standest thou in fear of sin or the doing of things forbidden, seeing that thou art not yet come to years of canonical responsibility; and the offences of a child incur neither punishment nor reproof? Verily, thou hast committed thyself to a quibble for the sake of contention, and it is thy duty to bow before a proposal of fruition, so henceforward cease from denial and coyness, for the commandment of Allah is a decree foreordained: indeed, I have more reason than thou to fear falling and by sin to be misled; and well inspired was he who said,
'My prickle is big and the little one said, *
             'Thrust boldly in vitals with lion-like stroke!
Then I, ' 'Tis a sin!; and he, 'No sin to me! *
           So I had him at once with a counterfeit poke."
When Kamar al-Zaman heard these words, the light became darkness in his sight and he said, "O King, thou hast in thy household fair women and female slaves, who have not their like in this age: shall not these suffice thee without me? Do thy will with them and let me go!" She replied, "Thou sayest sooth, but it is not with them that one who loveth thee can heal himself of torment and can abate his fever; for, when tastes and inclinations are corrupted by vice, they hear and obey other than good advice. So leave arguing and listen to what the poet saith,
'Seest not the bazar with its fruit in rows? *
             These men are for figs and for sycamore those!'
And what another saith,
'Many whose anklet rings are dumb have tinkling belts, *
             And this hath all content while that for want must wail:
Thou bidd'st me be a fool and quit thee for her charms; *
             Allah forfend I leave The Faith, turn Infidel!
Nay, by thy rights of side-beard mocking all her curls, *
             Nor mott nor maid from thee my heart shall spell.'
And yet another,
'O beauty's Union! love for thee's my creed, *
             Free choice of Faith and eke my best desire:
Women I have forsworn for thee; so may *
             Deem me all men this day a shaveling friar.'
And yet another,
'Even not beardless one with girl, nor heed *
             The spy who saith to thee ''Tis an amiss!'
Far different is the girl whose feet one kisses *
             And that gazelle whose feet the earth must kiss.'
And yet another,
'A boy of twice ten is fit for a King!'
And yet another,
'The penis smooth and round was made with anus best to match it, * Had it been made for cunnus' sake it had been formed like hatchet!'
And yet another said,
'My soul thy sacrifice! I chose thee out *
             Who art not menstruous nor oviparous:
Did I with woman mell, I should beget *
             Brats till the wide wide world grew strait for us.'
And yet another,
'She saith (sore hurt in sense the most acute *
             For she had proffered what did not besuit),
'Unless thou stroke as man should swive his wife *
             Blame not when horns thy brow shall incornùte!
Thy wand seems waxen, to a limpo grown, *
             And more I palm it, softer grows the brute!'
And yet another,
'Quoth she (for I to lie with her forbore), *
             'O folly-following fool, O fool to core:
If thou my coynte for Kiblah to thy coigne *
             Reject, we'll shall please thee more.'
And yet another,
'She proffered me a tender coynte *
             Quoth I 'I will not roger thee!'
She drew back, saying, 'From the Faith *
             He turns, who's turned by Heaven's decree!
And front wise fluttering, in one day, *
             Is obsolete persistency!'
Then swung she round and shining rump *
             Like silvern lump she showed me!
I cried: 'Well done, O mistress mine! *
             No more am I in pain for thee;
O thou of all that Allah oped *
             Showest me fairest victory!'
And yet another,
'Men craving pardon will uplift their hands; *
             Women pray pardon with their legs on high:
Out on it for a pious, prayerful work! *
             The Lord shall raise it in the depths to lie.'"
When Kamar al-Zaman heard her quote this poetry, and was certified that there was no escaping compliance with what willed she, he said, "O King of the age, if thou must needs have it so, make covenant with me that thou wilt do this thing with me but once, though it avail not to correct thy depraved appetite, and that thou wilt never again require this thing of me to the end of time; so perchance shall Allah purge me of the sin." She replied "I promise thee this thing, hoping that Allah of His favour will relent towards us and blot out our mortal offence; for the girdle of heaven's forgiveness is not indeed so strait, but it may compass us around and absolve us of the excess of our heinous sins and bring us to the light of salvation out of the darkness of error; and indeed excellently well saith the poet,
'Of evil thing the folk suspect us twain; *
             And to this thought their hearts and souls are bent:
Come, dear! let's justify and free their souls *
             That wrong us; one good bout and then—repent!'''
Thereupon she made him an agreement and a covenant and swore a solemn oath by Him who is Self-existent, that this thing should befal betwixt them but once and never again for all time, and that the desire of him was driving her to death and perdition. So he rose up with her, on this condition, and went with her to her own boudoir, that she might quench the lowe of her lust, saying, "There is no Majesty, and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! This is the fated decree of the All- powerful, the All-wise!"; and he doffed his bag-trousers, shamefull and abashed, with the tears running from his eyes for stress of affright. Thereat she smiled and making him mount upon a couch with her, said to him, "After this night, thou shalt see naught that will offend thee." Then she turned to him bussing and bosoming him and bending calf over calf, and said to him, "Put thy hand between my thighs to the accustomed place; so haply it may stand up to prayer after prostration." He wept and cried, "I am not good at aught of this," but she said, "By my life, an thou do as I bid thee, it shall profit thee!" So he put out his hand, with vitals a-fire for confusion, and found her thighs cooler than cream and softer than silk. The touching of them pleasured him and he moved his hand hither and thither, till it came to a dome abounding in good gifts and movements and shifts, and said in himself, "Perhaps this King is a hermaphrodite, neither man nor woman quite;" so he said to her, "O King, I cannot find that thou hast a tool like the tools of men; what then moved thee to do this deed?" Then loudly laughed Queen Budur till she fell on her back, and said, "O my dearling, how quickly thou hast forgotten the nights we have lain together!" Then she made herself known to him, and he knew her for his wife, the Lady Budur, daughter of King al-Ghayur, Lord of the Isles and the Seas. So he embraced her and she embraced him, and he kissed her and she kissed him; then they lay down on the bed of pleasure voluptuous, repeating the words of the poet,
"When his softly bending shape bid him close to my embrace *
             Which clips him all about like the tendrils of the vine
And shed a flood of softness on the hardness of his heart, *
             He yielded though at first he was minded to decline;
And dreading lest the railer's eye should light upon his form, *
             Came armoured with caution to baffle his design:
His waist makes moan of hinder cheeks that weigh upon his feet *
             Like heavy load of merchandise upon young camel li'en;
Girt with his glances scymitar which seemed athirst for blood, *
             And clad in mail of dusky curls that show the sheeniest
             shine,
His fragrance wafted happy news of footstep coming nigh, *
             And to him like a bird uncaged I flew in straightest line:
I spread my cheek upon his path, beneath his sandal-shoon, *
             And lo! the stibium of their dust healed all my hurt
             of eyne.
With one embrace again I bound the banner of our loves *
            And loosed the knot of my delight that bound in bonds
            malign:
Then bade I make high festival, and straight came flocking in *
             Pure joys that know not grizzled age nor aught of
             pain and pine:
The full moon dotted with the stars the lips and pearly teeth *
             That dance right joyously upon the bubbling face of wine:
So in the prayer-niche of their joys I yielded me to what *
             Would make the humblest penitent of sinner most indign.
I swear by all the signs of those glories in his face *
             I'll ne'er forget the Chapter entituled Al-Ikhlas."
Then Queen Budur told Kamar al-Zaman all that had befallen her from beginning to end and he did likewise; after which he began to upbraid her, saying, "What moved thee to deal with me as thou hast done this night?" She replied, "Pardon me! for I did this by way of jest, and that pleasure and gladness might be increased." And when dawned the morn and day arose with its sheen and shone, she sent to King Armanus, sire of the Lady Hayat al-Nufus, and acquainted him with the truth of the case and that she was wife to Kamar al-Zaman. Moreover, she told him their tale and the cause of their separation, and how his daughter was a virgin, pure as when she was born. He marvelled at their story with exceeding marvel and bade them chronicle it in letters of gold. Then he turned to Kamar al-Zaman and said, "O King's son, art thou minded to become my son-in-law by marrying my daughter?" Replied he, "I must consult the Queen Budur, as she hath a claim upon me for benefits without stint." And when he took counsel with her, she said, "Right is thy recking; marry her and I will be her handmaid; for I am her debtor for kindness and favour and good offices, and obligations manifold, especially as we are here in her place and as the King her father hath whelmed us with benefits." Now when he saw that she inclined to this and was not jealous of Hayat al-Nufus, he agreed with her upon this matter.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Seventeenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Kamar al- Zaman agreed with his wife, Queen Budur, upon this matter and told King Armanus what she had said; whereat he rejoiced with great joy. Then he went out and, seating himself upon his chair of estate, assembled all the Wazirs, Emirs, Chamberlains and Grandees, to whom he related the whole story of Kamar al-Zaman and his wife, Queen Budur, from first to last; and acquainted them with his desire to marry his daughter Hayat al-Nufus to the Prince and make him King in the stead of Queen Budur. Whereupon said they all, "Since he is the husband of Queen Budur, who hath been our King till now, whilst we deemed her son-in-law to King Armanus, we are all content to have him to Sultan over us; and we will be his servants, nor will we swerve from his allegiance." So Armanus rejoiced hereat and, summoning Kazis and witnesses and the chief officers of state, bade draw up the contract of marriage between Kamar al-Zaman and his daughter, the Princess Hayat al-Nufus. Then he held high festival, giving sumptuous marriage-feasts and bestowing costly dresses of honour upon all the Emirs and Captains of the host; moreover he distributed alms to the poor and needy and set free all the prisoners. The whole world rejoiced in the coming of Kamar al-Zaman to the throne, blessing him and wishing him endurance of glory and prosperity, renown and felicity; and, as soon as he became King, he remitted the customs-dues and released all men who remained in gaol. Thus he abode a long while, ordering himself worthily towards his lieges; and he lived with his two wives in peace, happiness, constancy and content, lying the night with each of them in turn. He ceased not after this fashion during many years, for indeed all his troubles and afflictions were blotted out from him and he forgot his father King Shahriman and his former estate of honour and favour with him. After a while Almighty Allah blessed him with two boy children, as they were two shining moons, through his two wives; the elder whose name was Prince Amjad, by Queen Budur, and the younger whose name was Prince As'ad by Queen Hayat al-Nufus; and this one was comelier than his brother. They were reared in splendour and tender affection, in respectful bearing and in the perfection of training; and they were instructed in penmanship and science and the arts of government and horsemanship, till they attained the extreme accomplishments and the utmost limit of beauty and loveliness; both men and women being ravished by their charms. They grew up side by side till they reached the age of seventeen, eating and drinking together and sleeping in one bed, nor ever parting at any time or tide; wherefore all the people envied them. Now when they came to man's estate and were endowed with every perfection, their father was wont, as often as he went on a journey, to make them sit in his stead by turns in the hall of judgement; and each did justice among the folk one day at a time. But it came to pass, by confirmed fate and determined lot, that love for As'ad (son of Queen Hayat al-Nufus) rose in the heart of Queen Budur, and that affection for Amjad (son of Queen Budur) rose in the heart of Queen Hayat al-Nufus. Hence it was that each of the women used to sport and play with the son of her sister-wife, kissing him and straining him to her bosom, whilst each mother thought that the other's behaviour arose but from maternal affection. On this wise passion got the mastery of the two women's hearts and they became madly in love with the two youths, so that when the other's son came in to either of them, she would press him to her breast and long for him never to be parted from her; till, at last, when waiting grew longsome to them and they found no path to enjoyment, they refused meat and drink and banished the solace of sleep. Presently, the King fared forth to course and chase, bidding his two sons sit to do justice in his stead, each one day in turn as was their wont.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Eighteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the King fared forth to sport and hunt, bidding his two sons sit to do justice in his stead, each one day by turn, as was their wont. Now Prince Amjad sat in judgement the first day, bidding and forbidding, appointing and deposing, giving and refusing; and Queen Hayat al-Nufus, mother of As'ad, wrote to him a letter suing for his favour and discovering to him her passion and devotion; altogether put tiny off the mask and giving him to know that she desired to enjoy him. So she took a scroll and thereon indited these cadences, "From the love deranged * the sorrowful and estranged * whose torment is prolonged for the longing of thee! * Were I to recount to thee the extent of my care * and what of sadness I bear * the passion which my heart cloth tear * and all that I endure for weeping and unrest * and the rending of my sorrowful breast * my unremitting grief * and my woe without relief * and all my suffering for severance of thee * and sadness and love's ardency * no letter could contain it; nor calculation could compass it * Indeed earth and heaven upon me are strait; and I have no hope and no trust but what from thee I await * Upon death I am come nigh * and the horrors of dissolution I aby * Burning upon me is sore * with parting pangs and estrangement galore * Were I to set forth the yearnings that possess me more and more * no scrolls would suffice to hold such store * and of the excess of my pain and pine, I have made the following lines:- -
Were I to dwell on heart-consuming heat, *
             Unease and transports in my spins meet,
Nothing were left of ink and reeden pen *
             Nor aught of paper; no, not e'en a sheet.
Then Queen Hayat al-Nufus wrapped up her letter in a niece of costly silk scented with musk and ambergris; and folded it up with her silken hair-strings whose cost swallowed down treasures laid it in a handkerchief and gave it to a eunuch bidding him bear it to Prince Amjad.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Nineteenth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that she gave her missive to the eunuch in waiting and bade him bear it to Prince Amjad. And that eunuch went forth ignoring what the future hid for him (for the Omniscient ordereth events even as He willeth); and, going in to the Prince, kissed the ground between his hands and handed to him the letter. On receiving the kerchief he opened it and, reading the epistle and recognizing its gist he was ware that his father's wife was essentially an adulteress and a traitress at heart to her husband, King Kamar al-Zaman. So he waxed wroth with exceeding wrath and railed at women and their works, saying, "Allah curse women, the traitresses, the imperfect in reason and religion!" Then he drew his sword and said to the eunuch, "Out on thee, thou wicked slave! Dost thou carry messages of disloyalty for thy lord's wife? By Allah, there is no good in thee, O black of hue and heart, O foul of face and Nature's forming!" So he smote him on the neck and severed his head from his body; then, folding the kerchief over its contents he thrust it into his breast pocket and went in to his own mother and told her what had passed, reviling and reproaching her, and saying, "Each one of you is viler than the other; and, by Allah the Great and Glorious, did I not fear ill-manneredly to transgress against the rights of my father, Kamar al-Zaman, and my brother, Prince As'ad, I would assuredly go in to her and cut off her head, even as I cut off that of her eunuch!" Then he went forth from his mother in a mighty rage; and when the news reached Queen Hayat al-Nufus of what he had done with her eunuch, she abused him and cursed him and plotted perfidy against him. He passed the night, sick with rage, wrath and concern; nor found he pleasure in meat, drink or sleep. And when the next morning dawned Prince As'ad fared forth in his turn to rule the folk in his father's stead, whilst his mother, Hayat al-Nufus, awoke in feeble plight because of what she had heard from Prince Amjad concerning the slaughter of her eunuch. So Prince As'ad sat in the audience-chamber that day, judging and administering justice, appointing and deposing, bidding and forbidding, giving and bestowing. And he ceased not thus till near the time of afternoon-prayer, when Queen Budur sent for a crafty old woman and, discovering to her what was in her heart, wrote a letter to Prince As'ad, complaining of the excess of her affection and desire for him in these cadenced lines, "From her who perisheth for passion and love-forlorn * to him who in nature and culture is goodliest born * to him who is conceited of his own loveliness * and glories in his amorous grace * who from those that seek to enjoy him averteth his face * and refuseth to show favour unto the self abasing and base * him who is cruel and of disdainful mood * from the lover despairing of good * to Prince As'ad * with passing beauty endowed * and of excelling grace proud * of the face moon bright * and the brow flower-white * and dazzling splendid light * This is my letter to him whose love melteth my body * and rendeth my skin and bones! * Know that my patience faileth me quite * and I am perplexed in my plight * longing and restlessness weary me * and sleep and patience deny themselves to me * but mourning and watching stick fast to me * and desire and passion torment me * and the extremes of languor and sickness have sheet me * Yet may my life be a ransom for thee * albeit thy pleasure be to slay her who loveth thee * and Allah prolong the life of thee * and preserve thee from all infirmity!" And after these cadences she wrote these couplets,
"Fate hath commanded I become thy fere, *
             O shining like full moon when clearest clear!
All beauty dost embrace, all eloquence; *
             Brighter than aught within our worldly sphere:
Content am I my torturer thou be: *
             Haply shalt alms me with one lovely leer!
Happy her death who dieth for thy love! *
             No good in her who holdeth thee unclear!"
And also the following couplets,
"Unto thee, As'ad! I of passion-pangs complain; *
             Have ruth on slave of love so burnt with flaming pain:
How long, I ask, shall hands of Love disport with me, *
             With longings, dolour, sleepliness and bale and bane?
Anon I 'plain of sea in heart, anon of fire *
             In vitals, O strange case, dear wish, my fairest fain!
O blamer, cease thy blame, and seek thyself to fly *
             From love, which makes these eyne a rill of tears to rain.
How oft I cry for absence and desire, Ah grief! *
             But all my crying naught of gain for me shall gain:
Thy rigours dealt me sickness passing power to bear, *
             Thou art my only leach, assain me an thou deign!
O chider, chide me not in caution, for I doubt *
             That plaguey Love to thee shall also deal a bout."
Then Queen Budur perfumed the letter-paper with a profusion of odoriferous musk and, winding it in her hairstrings which were of Iraki silk, with pendants of oblong emeralds, set with pearls and stones of price, delivered it to the old woman, bidding her carry it to Prince As'ad. She did so in order to pleasure her, and going in to the Prince, straightway and without stay, found him in his own rooms and delivered to him the letter in privacy; after which she stood waiting an hour or so for the answer. When As'ad had read the paper and knew its purport, he wrapped it up again in the ribbons and put it in his bosom-pocket: then (for he was wrath beyond all measure of wrath) he cursed false women and sprang up and drawing his sword, smote the old trot on the neck and cut off her pate. Thereupon he went in to his mother, Queen Hayat al-Nufus, whom he found lying on her bed in feeble case, for that which had betided her with Prince Amjad, and railed at her and cursed her; after which he left her and fore-gathered with his brother, to whom he related all that had befallen him with Queen Budur, adding, "By Allah, O my brother, but that I was ashamed before thee, I had gone in to her forthright and had smitten her head off her shoulders!" Replied Prince Amjad, "By Allah, O my brother, yesterday when I was sitting upon the seat of judgement, the like of what hath befallen thee this day befel me also with thy mother who sent me a letter of similar purport." And he told him all that had passed, adding, "By Allah, O my brother, naught but respect for thee withheld me from going in to her and dealing with her even as I dealt with the eunuch!" They passed the rest of the night conversing and cursing womankind, and agreed to keep the matter secret, lest their father should hear of it and kill the two women. Yet they ceased not to suffer trouble and foresee affliction. And when the morrow dawned, the King returned with his suite from hunting and sat awhile in his chair of estate; after which he sent the Emirs about their business and went up to his palace, where he found his two wives lying a-bed and both exceeding sick and weak. Now they had made a plot against their two sons and concerted to do away their lives, for that they had exposed themselves before them and feared to be at their mercy and dependent upon their forbearance. When Kamar al-Zaman saw them on this wise, he said to them, "What aileth you?" Whereupon they rose to him and kissing his hands answered, perverting the case and saying "Know, O King, that thy two sons, who have been reared in thy bounty, have played thee false and have dishonoured thee in the persons of thy wives." Now when he heard this, the light became darkness in his sight, and he raged with such wrath that his reason fled: then said he to them, "Explain me this matter." Replied Queen Budur, "O King of the age, know that these many days past thy son As'ad hath been in the persistent habit of sending me letters and messages to solicit me to lewdness and adultery while I still forbade him from this, but he would not be forbidden; and, when thou wentest forth to hunt, he rushed in on me, drunk and with a drawn sword in his hand, and smiting my eunuch, slew him. Then he mounted on my breast, still holding the sword, and I feared lest he should slay me, if I gainsaid him, even as he had slain my eunuch; so he took his wicked will of me by force. And now if thou do me not justice on him, O King, I will slay myself with my own hand, for I have no need of life in the world after this foul deed." And Queen Hayat al-Nufus, choking with tears, told him respecting Prince Amjad a story like that of her sister-wife.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twentieth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Queen Hayat al-Nufus told her husband, King Kamar al-Zaman, a story like that of her sister in wedlock, Budur, and, quoth she, "The same thing befel me with thy son Amjad;" after which she took to weeping and wailing and said, "Except thou do me justice on him I will tell my father, King Armanus." Then both women wept with sore weeping before King Kamar al-Zaman who, when he saw their tears and heard their words, concluded that their story was true and, waxing wroth beyond measure of wrath, went forth thinking to fall upon his two sons and put them to death. On his way he met his father- in-law, King Armanus who, hearing of his return from the chase, had come to salute him at that very hour and, seeing him with naked brand in hand and blood dripping from his nostrils, for excess of rage, asked what ailed him. So Kamar al-Zaman told him all that his sons Amjad and As'ad had done and added, "And here I am now going in to them to slay them in the foulest way and make of them the most shameful of examples." Quoth King Armanus (and indeed he too was wroth with them), "Thou dost well, O my son, and may Allah not bless them nor any sons that do such deed against their father's honour. But, O my son, the sayer of the old saw saith, 'Whoso looketh not to the end hath not Fortune to friend.' In any case, they are thy sons, and it befitteth not that thou kill them with shine own hand, lest thou drink of their death-agony, and anon repent of having slain them whenas repentance availeth thee naught. Rather do thou send them with one of thy Mamelukes into the desert and let him kill them there out of thy sight, for, as saith the adage, 'Out of sight of my friend is better and pleasanter.' And when Kamar al-Zaman heard his father-in-law's words, he knew them to be just; so he sheathed his sword and turning back, sat down upon the throne of his realm. There he summoned his treasurer, a very old man, versed in affairs and in fortune's vicissitudes, to whom he said, "Go in to my sons, Amjad and As'ad; bind their hands behind them with strong bonds, lay them in two chests and load them upon a mule. Then take horse thou and carry them into mid desert, where do thou kill them both and fill two vials with their blood and bring the same to me in haste." Replied the treasurer, "I hear and I obey," and he rose up hurriedly and went out forthright to seek the Princes; and, on his road, he met them coming out of the palace-vestibule, for they had donned their best clothes and their richest; and they were on their way to salute their sire and give him joy of his safe return from his going forth to hunt. Now when he saw them, he laid hands on them, saying, "Omy sons, know ye that I am but a slave commanded, and that your father hath laid a commandment on me; will ye obey his commandment?" They said, "Yes"; whereupon he went up to them and, after pinioning their arms, laid them in the chests which he loaded on the back of a mule he had taken from the city. And he ceased not carrying them into the open country till near noon, when he halted in a waste and desolate place and, dismounting from his mare, let down the two chests from the mule's back. Then he opened them and took out Amjad and As'ad; and when he looked upon them he wept sore for their beauty and loveliness; then drawing his sword he said to them, "By Allah, O my lords, indeed it is hard for me to deal so evilly by you; but I am to be excused in this matter, being but a slave commanded, for that your father King Kamar al-Zaman hath bidden me strike off your heads." They replied, "O Emir, do the King's bidding, for we bear with patience that which Allah (to Whom be Honour, Might and Glory!) hath decreed to us; and thou art quit of our blood." Then they embraced and bade each other farewell, and As'ad said to the treasurer, "Allah upon thee, O uncle, spare me the sight of my brother's death-agony and make me not drink of his anguish, but kill me first, for that were the easier for me." And Amjad said the like and entreated the treasurer to kill him before As'ad, saying, "My brother is younger than I; so make me not taste of his anguish. And they both wept bitter tears whilst the treasurer wept for their weeping;—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-first Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the treasurer wept for their weeping; then the two brothers embraced and bade farewell and one said to the other, "All this cometh of the malice of those traitresses, my mother and thy mother; and this is the reward of my forbearance towards thy mother and of thy for bearance towards my mother! But there is no Might and there is no Majesty save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! Verily, we are Allah's and unto Him we are returning." And As'ad em braced his brother, sobbing and repeating these couplets,
"O Thou to whom sad trembling wights in fear complain! *
           O ever ready whatso cometh to sustain!
The sole resource for me is at Thy door to knock, *
           At whose door knock an Thou to open wilt not deign?
O Thou whose grace is treasured in the one word, Be! *
            Favour me, I beseech, in Thee all weals contain."
Now when Amjad heard his brother's weeping he wept also and pressing him to his bosom repeated these two couplets,
"O Thou whose boons to me are more than one! *
             Whose gifts and favours have nor count nor bound!
No stroke of all Fate's strokes e'er fell on me, *
             But Thee to take me by the hand I found."
Then said Amjad to the treasurer, "I conjure thee by the One, Omnipotent, the Lord of Mercy, the Beneficent! slay me before my brother As'ad, so haply shall the fire be quencht in my heart's core and in this life burn no more." But As'ad wept and exclaimed, "Not so: I will die first;" whereupon quoth Amjad, "It were best that I embrace thee and thou embrace me, so the sword may fall upon us and slay us both at a single stroke." Thereupon they embraced, face to face and clung to each other straitly, whilst the treasurer tied up the twain and bound them fast with cords, weeping the while. Then he drew his blade and said to them, "By Allah, O my lords, it is indeed hard to me to slay you! But have ye no last wishes that I may fulfil or charges which I may carry out, or message which I may deliver?" Replied Amjad, "We have no wish; and my only charge to thee is that thou set my brother below and me above him, that the blow may fall on me first, and when thou hast killed us and returnest to the King and he asketh thee, 'What heardest thou from them before their death?'; do thou answer, 'Verily thy sons salute thee and say to thee, Thou knewest not if we were innocent or guilty, yet hast thou put us to death and hast not certified thyself of our sin nor looked into our case.' Then do thou repeat to him these two couplets,
'Women are Satans made for woe o' men; *
             I fly to Allah from their devilish scathe:
Source of whatever bale befel our kind, *
            In wordly matters and in things of Faith.'"
Continued Amjad, "We desire of thee naught but that thou repeat to our sire these two couplets."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was ad the Two Hundred and Twenty-second Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Amjad added, speaking to the treasurer, "We desire of thee naught but that thou repeat to our sire these two couplets which thou hast just now heard; and I conjure thee by Allah to have patience with us, whilst I cite to my brother this other pair of couplets." Then he wept with sore weeping and began,
"The Kings who fared before us showed *
            Of instances full many a show:
Of great and small and high and low *
             How many this one road have trod!"
Now when the treasurer heard these words from Amjad, he wept till his beard was wet, whilst As'ad's eyes brimmed with tears and he in turn repeated these couplets,
"Fate frights us when the thing is past and gone; *
           Weeping is not for form or face alone:
What ails the Nights? Allah blot out our sin, *
            And be the Nights by other hand undone!
Ere this Zubayr-son felt their spiteful hate, *
             Who fled for refuge to the House and Stone:
Would that when Khárijah was for Amru slain *
             They had ransomed Ali with all men they own."
Then, with cheeks stained by tears down railing he recited also these verses,
"In sooth the Nights and Days are charactered *
            By traitor falsehood and as knaves they lie;
The Desert-reek recalls their teeth that shine; *
            All horrid blackness is their K of eye:
My sin anent the world which I abhor *
            Is sin of sword when sworders fighting hie."
Then his sobs waxed louder and he said,
"O thou who woo'st a World unworthy, learn *
            'Tis house of evils, 'tis Perdition's net:
A house where whoso laughs this day shall weep *
            The next: then perish house of fume and fret!
Endless its frays and forays, and its thralls *
            Are ne'er redeemed, while endless risks beset.
How many gloried in its pomps and pride, *
            Till proud and pompous did all bounds forget,
Then showing back of shield she made them swill *
            Full draught, and claimed all her vengeance debt.
For know her strokes fall swift and sure, altho' *
             Long bide she and forslow the course of Fate:
So look thou to thy days lest life go by *
             Idly, and meet thou more than thou hast met;
And cut all chains of world-love and desire *
           And save thy soul and rise to secrets higher."
Now when As'ad made an end of these verses, he strained his brother Amjad in his arms, till they twain were one body, and the treasurer, drawing his sword, was about to strike them, when behold, his steed took fright at the wind of his upraised hand, and breaking its tether, fled into the desert. Now the horse had cost a thousand gold pieces and on its back was a splendid saddle worth much money; so the treasurer threw down his sword, and ran after his beast.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-third Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when his horse ran away, the treasurer ran after it in huge concern, and ceased not running to catch the runaway till it entered a thicket. He followed it whilst it dashed through the wood, smiting the earth with its hoofs till it raised a dust-cloud which towered high in air; and snorting and puffing and neighing and waxing fierce and furious. Now there happened to be in this thicket a lion of terrible might; hideous to sight, with eyes sparkling light: his look was grim and his aspect struck fright into man's sprite. Presentry the treasurer turned and saw the lion making towards him; but found no way of escape nor had he his sword with him. So he said in himself, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! This strait is come upon me for no other cause but because of Amjad and As'ad; and indeed this journey was unblest from the first!" Meanwhile the two Princes were grievously oppressed by the heat and grew sore athirst, so that their tongues hung out and they cried for succour, but none came to their relief and they said, "Would to Heaven we had been slain and were at peace from this pain! But we know not whither the horse hath fled, that the treasurer is gone and hath left us thus pinioned. If he would but come back and do us die, it were easier to us than this torture to aby." Said As'ad, "O my brother, be patient, and the relief of Allah (extolled and exalted be He!) shall assuredly come to us; for the horse started not away save of His favour towards us, and naught irketh us but this thirst." Upon this he stretched and shook himself and strained right and left, till he burst his pinion-bonds; then he rose and unbound his brother and catching up the Emir's sword, said, "By Allah, we will not go hence, till we look after him and learn what is become of him." Then they took to following on the trail till it led them to the thicket and they said to each other, "Of a surety, the horse and the treasurer have not passed out of this wood." Quoth As'ad, "Stay thou here, whilst I enter the thicket and search it;" and Amjad replied, "I will not let thee go in alone: nor will we enter it but together; so if we escape, we shall escape together and if we perish, we shall perish together." Accordingly both entered and found that the lion had sprang upon the treasurer, who lay like a sparrow in his grip, calling upon Allah for aid and signing with his hands to Heaven. Now when Amjad saw this, he took the sword and, rushing upon the lion, smote him between the eyes and laid him dead on the ground. The Emir sprang up, marvelling at this escape and seeing Amjad and As'ad, his master's sons, standing there, cast himself at their feet and exclaimed, "By Allah, O my lords, it were intolerable wrong in me to do you to death. May the man never be who would kill you! Indeed, with my very life, I will ransom you."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that quoth the treasurer to Amjad and As'ad, "With my life will I ransom you both!" Then he hastily rose and, at once embracing them, enquired how they had loosed their bonds and come thither; whereupon they told him how the bonds of one of them had fallen loose and he had unbound the other, whereto they were helped by the purity of their intentions, and how they had tracked his trail till they came upon him. So he thanked them for their deed and went with them forth of the thicket; and, when they were in the open country, they said to him, "O uncle, do our father's bidding." He replied, "Allah forbid that I should draw near to you with hurt! But know ye that I mean to take your clothes and clothe you with mine; then will I fill two vials with the lion's blood and go back to the King and tell him I have out vou to death. But as for you two, fare ye forth into the lands, for Allah's earth is wide; and know, O my lords, that it paineth me to part from you." At this, they all fell a-weeping; then the two youths put off their clothes and the treasurer habited them with his own. Moreover he made two parcels of their dress and, filling two vials with the lion's blood, set the parcels before him on his horse's back. Presently he took leave of them and, making his way to the city, ceased not faring till he went in to King Kamar al-Zaman and kissed the ground between his hands. The King saw him changed in face and troubled (which arose from his adventure with the lion) and, deeming this came of the slaughter of his two sons, rejoiced and said to him, "Hast thou done the work?" "Yes, O our lord," replied the treasurer and gave him the two parcels of clothes and the two vials full of blood. Asked the King, "What didst thou observe in them; and did they give thee any charge?" Answered the treasurer, "I found them patient and resigned to what came down upon them and they said to me, 'Verily, our father is excusable; bear him our salutation and say to him, 'Thou art quit of our killing. But we charge thee repeat to him these couplets,
'Verily women are devils created for us. We seek refuge with God from the artifice of the devils. They are the source of all the misfortunes that have appeared among mankind in the affairs of the world and of religion.'''
When the King heard these words of the treasurer, he bowed his head earthwards, a long while and knew his sons' words to mean that they had been wrongfully put to death. Then he bethought himself of the perfidy of women and the calamities brought about by them; and he took the two parcels and opened them and fell to turning over his sons' clothes and weeping,—And Shahrazed perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Kamar la-Zaman opened the two bundles and fell to turning over his sons' clothes and weeping, it so came to pass that he found, in the pocket of his son As'ad's raiment, a letter in the hand of his wife enclosing her hair strings; so he opened and read it and understanding the contents knew that the Prince had been falsely accused and wrongously. Then he searched Amjad's parcel of dress and found in his pocket a letter in the handwriting of Queen Hayat al-Nufus enclosing also her hair-strings; so he opened and read it and knew that Amjad too had been wronged; whereupon he beat hand upon hand and exclaimed, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! I have slain my sons unjustly." And he buffeted his face, crying out, "Alas, my sons! Alas, my long grief!" Then he bade them build two tombs in one house, which he styled "House of Lamentations," and had graved thereon his sons' names; and he threw himself on Amjad's tomb, weeping and groaning and lamenting, and improvised these couplets,
"O moon for ever set this earth below, *
             Whose loss bewail the stars which stud the sky!
O wand, which broken, ne'er with bend and wave *
            Shall fascinate the ravisht gazer's eye;
These eyne for jealousy I 'reft of thee, *
            Nor shall they till next life thy sight descry:
I'm drowned in sea of tears for insomny *
            Wherefore, indeed in Sáhirah-stead I lie."
Then he threw himself on As'ad's tomb, groaning and weeping and lamenting and versifying with these couplets,
"Indeed I longed to share unweal with thee, *
            But Allah than my will willed otherwise:
My grief all blackens 'twixt mine eyes and space, *
             Yet whitens all the blackness from mine eyes:
Of tears they weep these eyne run never dry, *
             And ulcerous flow in vitals never dries:
Right sore it irks me seeing thee in stead *
             Where slave with sovran for once levelled lies."
And his weeping and wailing redoubled; and, after he had ended his lamentations and his verse, he forsook his friends and intimates, and denying himself to his women and his family, cut himself off from the world in the House of Lamentations, where he passed his time in weeping for his sons. Such was his case; but as regards Amjad and As'ad they fared on into the desert eating of the fruits of the earth and drinking of the remnants of the rain for a full month, till their travel brought them to a mountain of black flint whose further end was unknown; and here the road forked, one line lying along the midway height and the other leading to its head. They took the way trending to the top and gave not over following it five days, but saw no end to it and were overcome with weariness, being unused to walking upon the mountains or elsewhere. At last, despairing of coming to the last of the road, they retraced their steps and, taking the other, that led over the midway heights,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Princes Amjad and As'ad returned from the path leading to the Mountain- head and took that which ran along the midway heights, and walked through all that day till nightfall, when As'ad, weary with much travel, said to Amjad, "O my brother, I can walk no farther, for I am exceeding weak." Replied Amjad, "O my brother, take courage! May be Allah will send us relief." So they walked on part of the night, till the darkness closed in upon them, when As'ad became weary beyond measure of weariness and cried out, "O my brother, I am worn out and spent with walking," and threw himself upon the ground and wept. Amjad took him in his arms and walked on with him, bytimes sitting down to rest till break of day, when they came to the mountain-top and found there a stream of running water and by it a pomegranate-tree and a prayer-niche. They could hardly believe their eyes when they saw it; but, sitting down by that spring, drank of its water and ate of the fruit of that granado-tree; after which they lay on the ground and slept till sunrise, when they washed and bathed in the spring and, eating of the pomegranates, slept again till the time of mid-afternoon prayer. Then they thought to continue their journey, but As'ad could not walk, for both his feet were swollen. So they abode there three days till they were rested, after which they set out again and fared on over the mountain days and nights, tortured by and like to die of thirst, till they sighted a city gleaming afar off, at which they rejoiced and made towards it. When they drew near it, they thanked Allah (be His Name exalted!) and Amjad said to As'ad, "O my brother, sit here, whilst I go to yonder city and see what it is and whose it is and where we are in Allah's wide world, that we may know through what lands we have passed in crossing this mountain, whose skirts had we followed, we had not reached this city in a whole year. So praised be Allah for safety!" Replied As'ad, "By Allah, O my brother, none shall go down into that city save myself, and may I be thy ransom! If thou leave me alone, be it only for an hour, I shall imagine a thousand things and be drowned in a torrent of anxiety on shine account, for I cannot brook shine absence from me." Amjad rejoined, "Go then and tarry not. So As'ad took some gold pieces, and leaving his brother to await him, descended the mountain and ceased not faring on till he entered the city. As he threaded the streets he was met by an old man age-decrepit, whose beard flowed down upon his breast and forked in twain; he bore a walking-staff in his hand and was richly clad, with a great red turband on his head. When As'ad saw him, he wondered at his dress and his mien; nevertheless, he went up to him and saluting him said, "Where be the way to the market, O my master?" Hearing these words the Shaykh smiled in his face and replied, "O my son, meseemeth thou art a stranger?" As'ad rejoined, "Yes, I am a stranger."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Shaykh who met As'ad smiled in his face and said to him, "O my son, meseemeth thou art a stranger?" and As'ad replied, "Yes, I am a stranger." Then rejoined the old man, "Verily, thou gladdenest our country with thy presence, O my son, and thou desolatest shine own land by reason of shine absence. What wantest thou of the market?" Quoth As'ad, "O uncle, I have a brother, with whom I have come from a far land and with whom I have journeyed these three months; and, when we sighted this city, I left him, who is my elder brother, upon the mountain and came hither, purposing to buy victual and what else, and return therewith to him, that we might feed thereon." Said the old man, "Rejoice in all good, O my son, and know thou that to-day I give a marriage-feast, to which I have bidden many guests, and I have made ready plenty of meats, the best and most delicious that heart can desire. So if thou wilt come with me to my place, I will give thee freely all thou lackest without asking thee a price or aught else. Moreover I will teach thee the ways of this city; and, praised be Allah, O my son, that I, and none other have happened upon thee." "As thou wilt," answered As'ad, "do as thou art disposed, but make haste, for indeed my brother awaiteth me and his whole heart is with me." The old man took As'ad by the hand and carried him to a narrow lane, smiling in his face and saying, "Glory be to Him who hath delivered thee from the people of this city!" And he ceased not walking till he entered a spacious house, wherein was a saloon and behold, in the middle of it were forty old men, well stricken in years, collected together and forming a single ring as they sat round about a lighted fire, to which they were doing worship and prostrating themselves. When As'ad saw this, he was confounded and the hair of his body stood on end though he knew not what they were; and the Shaykh said to them, "O Elders of the Fire, how blessed is this day!" Then he called aloud, saying, "Hello, Ghazbán!" Whereupon there came out to him a tall black slave of frightful aspect, grim-visaged and flat nosed as an ape who, when the old man made a sign to him, bent As'ad's arms behind his back and pinioned them; after which the Shaykh said to him, "Let him down into the vault under the earth and there leave him and say to my slave girl Such-an-one, 'Torture him night and day and give him a cake of bread to eat morning and evening against the time come of the voyage to the Blue Sea and the Mountain of Fire, whereon we will slaughter him as a sacrifice.'" So the black carried him out at another door and, raising a flag in the floor, discovered a flight of twenty steps leading to a chamber under the earth, into which he descended with him and, laying his feet in irons, gave him over to the slave girl and went away. Meanwhile, the old men said to one another, "When the day of the Festival of the Fire cometh, we will sacrifice him on the mountain, as a propitiatory offering whereby we shall pleasure the Fire." Presently the damsel went down to him and beat him a grievous beating, till streams of blood flowed from his sides and he fainted; after which she set at his head a scone of bread and a cruse of brackish water and went away and left him. In the middle of the night, he revived and found himself bound and beaten and sore with beating: so he wept bitter tears; and recalling his former condition of honour and prosperity, lordship and dominion, and his separation from his sire and his exile from his native land.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say,
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-eighth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when As'ad found himself bound and beaten and sore with beating he recalled his whilome condition of honour and prosperity and dominion and lordship, and he wept and groaned aloud and recited these couplets,
"Stand by the ruined stead and ask of us; *
             Nor deem we dwell there as was state of us:
The World, that parter, hath departed us; *
             Yet soothes not hate-full hearts the fate of us:
With whips a cursed slave girl scourges us, *
             And teems her breast with rancorous hate of us:
Allah shall haply deign to unpart our lives, *
             Chastise our foes, and end this strait of us."
And when As'ad had spoken his poetry, he put out his hand towards his head and finding there the crust and the cruse full of brackish water he ate a bittock, just enough to keep life in him, and drank a little water, but could get no sleep till morning for the swarms of bugs and lice. As soon as it was day, the slave girl came down to him and changed his clothes, which were drenched with blood and stuck to him, so that his skin came off with the shirt; wherefor he shrieked aloud and cried, "Alas!" and said, "O my God, if this be Thy pleasure, increase it upon me! O Lord, verily Thou art not unmindful of him that oppresseth me; do Thou then avenge me upon him!" And he groaned and repeated the following verses,

"Patient, O Allah! to Thy destiny *
             I bow, suffice me what Thou deign decree:
Patient to bear Thy will, O Lord of me, *
             Patient to burn on coals of Ghazá-tree:
They wrong me, visit me with hurt and harm; *
             Haply Thy grace from them shall set me free:
Far be's, O Lord, from thee to spare the wronger *
             O Lord of Destiny my hope's in Thee!"
And what another saith,
"Bethink thee not of worldly state, *
             Leave everything to course of Fate;
For oft a thing that irketh thee *
             Shall in content eventuate;
And oft what strait is shall expand, *
             And what expanded is wax strait.
Allah will do what wills His will *
             So be not thou importunate!
But 'joy the view of coming weal *
            Shall make forget past bale and bate."
And when he had ended his verse, the slave-girl came down upon him with blows till he fainted again; and, throwing him a flap of bread and a gugglet of saltish water, went away and left him sad and lonely, bound in chains of iron, with the blood streaming from his sides and far from those he loved. So he wept and called to mind his brother and the honours he erst enjoyed.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Twenty-ninth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that As'ad called to mind his brother and the honours he erst enjoyed; so he wept and groaned and complained and poured forth tears in floods and improvised these couplets,
"Easy, O Fate! how long this wrong, this injury, *
           Robbing each morn and eve my brotherhood fro' me?
Is't not time now thou deem this length sufficiency *
           Of woes and, O thou Heart of Rock, show clemency?
My friends thou wrongedst when thou madst each enemy *
            Mock and exult me for thy wrongs, thy tyranny:
My foeman's heart is solaced by the things he saw *
           In me, of strangerhood and lonely misery:
Suffice thee not what came upon my head of dole, *
           Friends lost for evermore, eyes wan and pale of blee?
But must in prison cast so narrow there is naught *
            Save hand to bite, with bitten hand for company;
And tears that tempest down like goodly gift of cloud, *
           And longing thirst whose fires weet no satiety.
Regretful yearnings, singulfs and unceasing sighs, *
           Repine, remembrance and pain's very ecstacy:
Desire I suffer sore and melancholy deep, *
           And I must bide a prey to endless phrenesy:
I find me ne'er a friend who looks with piteous eye, *
          And seeks my presence to allay my misery:
Say, liveth any intimate with trusty love *
           Who for mine ills will groan, my sleepless malady?
To whom moan I can make and, peradventure, he *
             Shall pity eyes that sight of sleep can never see?
The flea and bug suck up my blood, as wight that drinks *
             Wine from the proffering hand of fair virginity:
Amid the lice my body aye remindeth me *
             Of orphan's good in Kázi's claw of villainy:
My home's a sepulchre that measures cubits three, *
             Where pass I morn and eve in chained agony:
My wines are tears, my clank of chains takes music's stead, *
             Cares my dessert of fruit and sorrows are my bed."
And when he had versed his verse and had prosed his prose, he again groaned and complained and remembered he had been and how he had been parted from his brother. Thus far concerning him; but as regards his brother Amjad, he awaited As'ad till mid-day yet he returned not to him: whereupon Amjad's vitals fluttered, the pangs of parting were sore upon him and he poured forth abundant tears,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirtieth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Amjad awaited his brother As'ad till mid-day and he returned not to him, Amjad's vitals fluttered; the pangs of parting were sore upon him and he poured forth abundant tears, exclaiming, "Alas, my brother! Alas, my friend! Alas my grief! How I feared me we should be separated!" Then he descended from the mountain-top with the tears running down his cheeks; and, entering the city, ceased not walking till he made the market. He asked the folk the name of the place and concerning its people and they said, "This is called the City of the Magians, and its citizens are mostly given to Fire-worshipping in lieu of the Omnipotent King." Then he enquired of the City of Ebony and they answered, "Of a truth it is a year's journey thither by land and six months by sea: it was governed erst by a King called Armanus; but he took to son- in-law and made King in his stead a Prince called Kamar al-Zaman distinguished for justice and munificence, equity and benevolence." When Amjad heard tell of his father, he groaned and wept and lamented and knew not whither to go. However, he bought a something of food and carried it to a retired spot where he sat down thinking to eat; but, recalling his brother, he fell a- weeping and swallowed but a morsel to keep breath and body together, and that against his will. Then he rose and walked about the city, seeking news of his brother, till he saw a Moslem tailor sitting in his shop so he sat down by him and told him his story; whereupon quoth the tailor, "If he have fallen into the hands of the Magians, thou shalt hardly see him again: yet it may be Allah will reunite you twain. But thou, O my brother," he continued wilt thou lodge with me?" Amjad answered, "Yes"; and the tailor rejoiced at this. So he abode with him many days, what while the tailor comforted him and exhorted him to patience and taught him tailoring, till he became expert in the craft. Now one day he went forth to the sea-shore and washed his clothes; after which he entered the bath and put on clean raiment; then he walked about the city, to divert himself with its sights and presently there met him on the way a woman of passing beauty and loveliness, without peer for grace and comeliness. When she saw him she raised her face-veil and signed to him by moving her eyebrows and her eyes with luring glances, and versified these couplets,
"I drooped my glance when seen thee on the way *
            As though, O slim-waist! felled by Sol's hot ray:
Thou art the fairest fair that e'er appeared, *
             Fairer to-day than fair of yesterday:
Were Beauty parted, a fifth part of it *
             With Joseph or a part of fifth would stay;
The rest would fly to thee, shine ownest own; *
             Be every soul thy sacrifice, I pray!"
When Amjad heard these her words, they gladdened his heart which inclined to her and his bowels yearned towards her and the hands of love sported with him; so he sighed to her in reply and spoke these couplets,
"Above the rose of cheek is thorn of lance; *
             Who dareth pluck it, rashest chevisance?
Stretch not thy hand towards it, for night long *
             Those lances marred because we snatched a glance!
Say her, who tyrant is and tempter too *
             (Though justice might her tempting power enhance):—
Thy face would add to errors were it veiled; *
             Unveiled I see its guard hath best of chance!
Eye cannot look upon Sol's naked face; *
             But can, when mist-cloud dims his countenance:
The honey-hive is held by honey-bee; *
             Ask the tribe-guards what wants their vigilance?
An they would slay me, let them end their ire *
             Rancorous, and grant us freely to advance:
They're not more murderous, an charge the whole *
             Than charging glance of her who wears the mole."
And hearing these lines from Amjad she sighed with the deepest sighs and, signing to him again, repeated these couplets,
"'Tis thou hast trodden coyness path not I: *
             Grant me thy favours for the time draws nigh:
O thou who makest morn with light of brow, *
             And with loosed brow-locks night in lift to stye!
Thine idol-aspect made of me thy slave, *
             Tempting as temptedst me in days gone by:
'Tis just my liver fry with hottest love: *
             Who worship fire for God must fire aby:
Thou sellest like of me for worthless price; *
             If thou must sell, ask high of those who buy."
When Amjad heard these her words he said to her, "Wilt thou come to my lodging or shall I go with thee to shine?" So she hung her head in shame to the ground and repeated the words of Him whose Name be exalted, "Men shall have the pre-eminence above women, because of those advantages wherein Allah hath caused the one of them to excel the other." Upon this, Amjad took the hint.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirty-first Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Amjad took the woman's hint and understood that she wished to go with him whither he was going; he felt himself bounder to find a place wherein to receive her, but was ashamed to carry her to the house of his host, the tailor. So he walked on and she walked after him, and the two ceased not walking from street to street and place to place, till she was tired and said to him, "O my lord, where is thy house?" Answered he, "Before us a little way." Then he turned aside into a handsome by-street, followed by the young woman, and walked on till he came to the end, when he found it was no thoroughfare and exclaimed, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great!" Then raising his eyes, he saw, at the upper end of the lane a great doer with two stone benches; but it was locked. So Amjad sat down on one of the benches and she on the other; and she said to him, "O my lord, wherefore waitest thou?" He bowed his head awhile to the ground then raised it and answered, "I am awaiting my Mameluke who hath the key; for I bade him make me ready meat and drink and flowers, to deck the wine-service against my return from the bath." But he said to himself, "Haply the time will be tedious to her and she will go about her business, leaving me here, when I will wend my own way." However, as soon as she was weary of long waiting, she said, "O my lord, thy Mameluke delayeth; and here are we sitting in the street;" and she arose and took a stone and went up to the lock. Said Amjad, "Be not in haste, but have patience till the servant come." However, she hearkened not to him, but smote the wooden bolt with the stone and broke it in half, whereupon the door opened. Quoth he, "What possessed thee to do this deed?" Quoth she, "Pooh, pooh, my lord! what matter it? Is not the house thy house and thy place?" He said, "There was no need to break the bolt." Then the damsel entered, to the confusion of Amjad, who knew not what to do for fear of the people of the house; but she said to him, "Why dost thou not enter, O light of mine eyes and core of my heart?" Replied he, "I hear and obey; but my servant tarrieth long and I know not if he have done aught of what I bade him and specially enjoined upon him, or not." Hereupon he entered, sore in fear of the people of the house, and found himself in a handsome saloon with four dais'd recesses, each facing other, and containing closets and raised seats, all bespread with stuffs of silk and brocade; and in the midst was a jetting fountain of costly fashion, on whose margin rested a covered tray of meats, with a leather tablecloth hanging up and gem-encrusted dishes, full of fruits and sweet- scented flowers. Hard by stood drinking vessels and a candlestick with a single wax-candle therein; and the place was full of precious stuffs and was ranged with chests and stools, and on each seat lay a parcel of clothes upon which was a purse full of monies, gold and silver. The floor was paved with marble and the house bore witness in every part to its owner's fortune. When Amjad saw all this, he was confounded at his case and said to himself, "I am a lost man! Verily we are Allah's and to Allah we are returning!" As for the damsel, when she sighted the place she rejoiced indeed with a joy nothing could exceed, and said to him, "By Allah, O my lord, thy servant hath not failed of his duty; for see, he hath swept the place and cooked the meat and set on the fruit; and indeed I come at the best of times." But he paid no heed to her, his heart being taken up with fear of the house- folk; and she said, "Fie, O my lord, O my heart! What aileth thee to stand thus?" Then she sighed and, giving him a buss which sounded like the cracking of a walnut, said, "O my lord, an thou have made an appointment with other than with me, I will gird my middle and serve her and thee. Amjad laughed from a heart full of rage and wrath and came forwards and sat down, panting and saying to himself, "Alack, mine ill death and doom when the owner of the place shall return!" Then she seated herself by him and fell to toying and laughing, whilst Amjad sat careful and frowning, thinking a thousand thoughts and communing with himself, "Assuredly the master of the house cannot but come, and then what shall I say to him? he needs must kill me and my life will be lost thus foolishly." Presently she rose and, tucking up her sleeves, took a tray of food on which she laid the cloth and then set it before Amjad and began to eat, saying, "Eat, O my lord." So he came forward and ate; but the food was not pleasant to him; on the contrary he ceased not to look towards the door, till the damsel had eaten her fill, when she took away the tray of the meats and, setting on the dessert, fell to eating of the dried fruits. Then she brought the wine service and opening the jar, filled a cup and handed it to Amjad, who took it from her hand saying to him self, ' Ah, ah! and well away, when the master of the house cometh and seeth me!"; and he kept his eyes fixed on the threshold, even with cup in hand. While he was in this case, lo! in came the master of the house, who was a white slave, one of the chief men of the city, being Master of the Horse to the King. He had fitted up this saloon for his pleasures, that he might make merry therein and be private with whom he would, and he had that day bidden a youth whom he loved and had made this entertainment for him. Now the name of this slave was Bahádur, and he was open of hand, generous, munificent and fain of alms-giving and charitable works.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it wad the Two Hundred and Thirty-second Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Bahadur, the Master of the Horse and the owner of the house, came to the door of the saloon and found it open, he entered slowly and softly and looking in, with head advanced and out stretched neck, saw Amjad and the girl sitting before the dish of fruit and the wine-jar in front of them. Now Amjad at that moment had the cup in his hand and his face turned to the door; and when his glance met Bahadur's eyes his hue turned pale yellow and his side-muscles quivered, so seeing his trouble Bahadur signed to him with his finger on his lips, as much as to say, "Be silent and come hither to me." Whereupon he set down the cup and rose and the damsel cried, "Whither away?" He shook his head and, signing to her that he wished to make water, went out into the passage barefoot. Now when he saw Bahadur he knew him for the master of the house; so he hastened to him and, kissing his hands, said to him, "Allah upon thee, O my lord, ere thou do me a hurt, hear what I have to say." Then he told him who he was from first to last and acquainted him with what caused him to quit his native land and royal state, and how he had not entered his house of his free will, but that it was the girl who had broken the lock-bolt and done all this. When Bahadur heard his story and knew that he was a King's son, he felt for him and, taking compassion on him, said, "Hearken to me, O Amjad, and do what I bid thee and I will guarantee thy safety from that thou fearest; but, if thou cross me, I will kill thee." Amjad replied, "Command me as thou wilt: I will not gainsay thee in aught; no, never, for I am the freedman of thy bounty." Rejoined Bahadur, "Then go back forthwith into the saloon, sit down in thy place and be at peace and at shine ease; I will presently come in to thee, and when thou seest me (remember my name is Bahadur) do thou revile me and rail at me, saying, 'What made thee tarry till so late?' And accept no excuse from me; nay, so far from it, rise and beat me; and, if thou spare me, I will do away thy life. Enter now and make merry and whatsoever thou seekest of me at this time I will bring thee forthwith; and do thou spend this night as thou wilt and on the morrow wend thy way. This I do in honour of thy strangerhood, for I love the stranger and hold myself bounder to do him devoir." So Amjad kissed his hand, and, returning to the saloon with his face clad in its natural white and red, at once said to the damsel, "O my mistress, thy presence hath gladdened this shine own place and ours is indeed a blessed night." Quoth the girl, "Verily I see a wonderful change in thee, that thou now welcomest me so cordially!" So Amjad answered, "By Allah, O my lady, methought my servant Bahadur had robbed me of some necklaces of jewels, worth ten thousand diners each; however, when I went out but now in concern for this, I sought for them and found them in their place. I know not why the slave tarrieth so long and needs must I punish him for it." She was satisfied with his answer, and they sported and drank and made merry and ceased not to be so till near sundown, when Bahadur came in to them, having changed his clothes and girt his middle and put on shoes, such as are worn of Mamelukes. He saluted and kissed the ground; then held his hands behind him and stood, with his head hanging down, as one who confesseth to a fault. So Amjad looked at him with angry eyes and asked, "Why hast thou tarried till now, O most pestilent of slaves?" Answered Bahadur, "O my lord, I was busy washing my clothes and knew not of thy being here; for our appointed time was nightfall and not day-tide." But Amjad cried out at him, saying, "Thou liest, O vilest of slaves! By Allah, I must needs beat thee." So he rose and, throwing Bahadur prone on the ground, took a stick and beat him gently; but the damsel sprang up and, snatching the stick from his hand, came down upon Bahadur so lustily, that in extreme pain the tears ran from his eyes and he ground his teeth together and called out for succour; whilst Amjad cried out to the girl "Don't"; and she cried out, "Let me satisfy my anger upon him!" till at last he pulled the stick out of her hand and pushed her away. So Bahadur rose and, wiping away his tears from his cheeks, waited upon them the while, after which he swept the hall and lighted the lamps; but as often as he went in and out, the lady abused him and cursed him till Amjad was wroth with her and said, "For Almighty Allah's sake leave my Mameluke; he is not used to this." Then they sat and ceased not eating and drinking (and Bahadur waiting upon them) till midnight when, being weary with service and beating, he fell asleep in the midst of the hall and snored and snorted; whereupon the damsel, who was drunken with wine, said to Amjad, "Arise, take the sword hanging yonder and cut me off this slave's head; and, if thou do it not, I will be the death of thee!" "What possesseth thee to slay my slave?" asked Amjad; and she answered, "Our joyaunce will not be complete but by his death. If thou wilt not kill him, I will do it myself." Quoth Amjad, "By Allah's rights to thee, do not this thing!" Quoth she, "It must perforce be;" and, taking down the sword, drew it and made at Bahadur to kill him; but Amjad said in his mind, "This man hath entreated us courteously and sheltered us and done us kindness and made himself my slave: shall we requite him by slaughtering him? This shall never be!" Then he said to the woman, "If my Mameluke must be killed, better I should kill him than thou." So saying, he took the sword from her and, raising his hand, smote her on the neck and made her head fly from her body. It fell upon Bahadur who awoke and sat up and opened his eyes, when he saw Amjad standing by him and in his hand the sword dyed with blood, and the damsel lying dead. He enquired what had passed, and Amjad told him all she had said, adding, "Nothing would satisfy her but she must slay thee; and this is her reward." Then Bahadur rose and, kissing the Prince's hand, said to him, "Would to Heaven thou hadst spared her! but now there is nothing for it but to rid us of her without stay or delay, before the day-break." Then he girded his loins and took the body, wrapped it in an Abá-cloak and, laying it in a large basket of palm-leaves, he shouldered it saying, "Thou art a stranger here and knowest no one: so sit thou in this place and await my return till day-break. If I come back to thee, I will assuredly do thee great good service and use my endeavours to have news of thy brother; but if by sunrise I return not, know that all is over with me; and peace be on thee, and the house and all it containeth of stuffs and money are shine." Then he fared forth from the saloon bearing the basket; and, threading the streets, he made for the salt sea, thinking to throw it therein: but as he drew near the shore, he turned and saw that the Chief of Police and his officers had ranged themselves around him; and, on recognising him, they wondered and opened the basket, wherein they found the slain woman. So they seized him and laid him in bilboes all that night till the morning, when they carried him and the basket, as it was, to the King and reported the case. The King was sore enraged when he looked upon the slain and said to Bahadur, "Woe to thee! Thou art always so doing; thou killest folk and castest them into the sea and takest their goods. How many murders hast thou done ere this?" Thereupon Bahadur hung his head.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirty-third Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Bahadur hung down his head groundwards before the King, who cried out at him, saying, "Woe to thee! Who killed this girl?" He replied, "O my lord! I killed her, and there is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great!" So the King in his anger, commanded to hang him; and the hangman went down with him by the King's commandment, and the Chief of Police accompanied him with a crier who called upon all the folk to witness the execution of Bahadur, the King's Master of the Horse; and on this wise they paraded him through the main streets and the market-streets. This is how it fared with Bahadur; but as regards Amjad, he awaited his host's return till the day broke and the sun rose, and when he saw that he came not, he exclaimed, "There is no Majesty and there is no Might save in Allah, the Glorious, the Great! Would I knew what is become of him?" And, as he sat musing behold, he heard the crier proclaiming Bahadur's sentence and bidding the people to see the spectacle of his hanging at midday; whereat he wept and exclaimed, "Verily, we are Allah's and to Him we are returning! He meaneth to sacrifice himself unjustly for my sake, when I it was who slew her. By Allah, this shall never be!" Then he went from the saloon and, shutting the door after him, hurriedly threaded the streets till he overtook Bahadur, when he stood before the Chief of Police and said to him, "O my lord, put not Bahadur to death, for he is innocent. By Allah, none killed her but I." Now when the Captain of Police heard these words, he took them both and, carrying them before the King, acquainted him with what Amjad had said; whereupon he looked at the Prince and asked him, "Didst thou kill the damsel?" He answered, "Yes" and the King said, "Tell me why thou killedst her, and speak the truth." Replied Amjad, "O King, it is indeed a marvellous event and a wondrous matter that hath befallen me: were it graven with needles on the eye-corners, it would serve as a warner to whoso would be warned!" Then he told him his whole story and informed him of all that had befallen him and his brother, first and last; whereat the King was much startled and surprised and said to him, "Know that now I find thee to be excusable; but list, O youth! Wilt thou be my Wazír?" "Hearkening and obedience," answered Amjad whereupon the King bestowed magnificent dresses of honour on him and Bahadur and gave him a handsome house, with eunuchs and officers and all things needful, appointing him stipends and allowances and bidding him make search for his brother As'ad. So Amjad sat down in the seat of the Wazirate and governed and did justice and invested and deposed and took and gave. Moreover, he sent out a crier to cry his brother throughout the city, and for many days made proclamation in the main streets and market-streets, but heard no news of As'ad nor happened on any trace of him. Such was his case; but as regards his brother, the Magi ceased not to torture As'ad night and day and eve and morn for a whole year's space, till their festival drew near, when the old man Bahram made ready for the voyage and fitted out a ship for himself.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirty-fourth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that Bahram, the Magian, having fitted out a ship for the voyage, took As'ad and put him in a chest which he locked and had it transported on board. Now it so came to pass that, at the very time of shipping it, Amjad was standing to divert himself by looking upon the sea; and when he saw the men carrying the gear and shipping it, his heart throbbed and he called to his pages to bring him his beast. Then, mounting with a company of his officers, he rode down to the sea-side and halted before the Magian's ship, which he commended his men to board and search. They did his bidding, and boarded the vessel and rummaged in every part, but found nothing; so they returned and told Amjad, who mounted again and rode back. But he felt troubled in mind; and when he reached his place and entered his palace, he cast his eyes on the wall and saw written thereon two lines which were these couplets,
"My friends! if ye are banisht from mine eyes, *
             From heart and mind ye ne'er go wandering:
But ye have left me in my woe, and rob *
             Rest from my eyelids while ye are slumbering."
And seeing them Amjad thought of his brother and wept. Such was his case; but as for Bahram, the Magian, he embarked and shouted and bawled to his crew to make sail in all haste. So they shook out the sails and departed and ceased not to fare on many days and nights; and, every other day, Bahram took out As'ad and gave him a bit of bread and made him drink a sup of water, till they drew near the Mountain of Fire. Then there came out on them a storm-wind and the sea rose against them, so that the ship was driven out of her course till she took a wrong line and fell into strange waters; and, at last they came in sight of a city builded upon the shore, with a castle whose windows overlooked the main. Now the ruler of this city was a Queen called Marjánah, and the captain said to Bahram, "O my lord, we have strayed from our course and come to the island of Queen Marjanah, who is a devout Moslemah; and, if she know that we are Magians, she will take our ship and slay us to the last man. Yet needs must we put in here to rest and refit." Quoth Bahram, "Right is thy recking, and whatso thou seest fit that will I do!" Said the ship master, "If the Queen summon us and question us, how shall we answer her?"; and Bahram replied, "Let us clothe this Moslem we have with us in a Mameluke's habit and carry him ashore with us, so that when the Queen sees him, she will suppose and say, 'This is a slave.' As for me I will tell her that I am a slave-dealer who buys and sells white slaves, and that I had with me many but have sold all save this one, whom I retained to keep my accounts, for he can read and write." And the captain said "This device should serve." Presently they reached the city and slackened sail and cast the anchors; and the ship lay still, when behold, Queen Marjanah came down to them, attended by her guards and, halting before the vessel, called out to the captain, who landed and kissed the ground before her. Quoth she, "What is the lading of this thy ship and whom hast thou with thee?"" Quoth he, "O Queen of the Age, I have with me a merchant who dealeth in slaves." And she said, "Hither with him to me"; whereupon Bahram came ashore to her, with As'ad walking behind him in a slave's habit, and kissed the earth before her. She asked, "What is thy condition?"; and he answered, "I am a dealer in chattels." Then she looked at As'ad and, taking him for a Mameluke, asked him, "What is thy name, O youth?" He answered, "Dost thou ask my present or my former name?" "Hast thou then two names?" enquired she, and he replied (and indeed his voice was choked with tears), "Yes; my name aforetime was Al-As'ad, the most happy, but now it is Al- Mu'tarr—Miserrimus." Her heart inclined to him and she said, "Canst thou write?" "Yes,'' answered he, and she gave him ink- case and reed-pen and paper and said to him, "Write somewhat that I may see it." So he wrote these two couplets,
"What can the slave do when pursued by Fate, *
             O justest Judge! whatever be his state?
Whom God throws hand bound in the depths and says, *
             Beware lest water should thy body wet?"
Now when she read these lines, she had ruth upon him and said to Bahram, "Sell me this slave." He replied, "O my lady, I cannot sell him, for I have parted with all the rest and none is left with me but he." Quoth the Queen, "I must need have him of thee, either by sale or way of gift." But quoth Bahram, "I will neither sell him nor give him." Whereat she was wroth and, taking As'ad by the hand, carried him up to the castle and sent to Bahram, saying, "Except thou set sail and depart our city this very night, I will seize all thy goods and break up thy ship." Now when the message reached the Magian, he grieved with sore grief and cried, "Verily this voyage is on no wise to be commended." Then he arose and made ready and took all he needed and awaited the coming of the night to resume his voyage, saying to the sailors, "Provide yourselves with your things and fill your water-skins, that we may set sail at the last of the night." So the sailors did their business and awaited the coming of darkness. Such was their case; but as regards Queen Marjanah, when she had brought As'ad into the castle, she opened the casements overlooking the sea and bade her handmaids bring food. They set food before As'ad and herself and both ate, after which the Queen called for wine.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirty-fifth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when Queen Marjanah bade her handmaids bring wine and they set it before her, she fell to drinking with As'ad. Now, Allah (be He extolled and exalted!) filled her heart with love for the Prince and she kept filling his cup and handing it to him till his reason fled; and presently he rose and left the hall to satisfy a call of nature. As he passed out of the saloon he saw an open door through which he went and walked on till his walk brought him to a vast garden full of all manner fruits and flowers; and, sitting down under a tree, he did his occasion. Then he rose and went up to a jetting fountain in the garden and made the lesser ablution and washed his hands and face, after which he would have risen to go away; but the air smote him and he fell back, with his clothes undone and slept, and night overcame him thus. So far concerning him; but as concerns Bahram, the night being come, he cried out to his crew, saying, "Set sail and let us away!"; and the' answered, "We hear and obey, but wait till we fill our water- skins and then we will set sail." So they landed with their water skins and went round about the castle, and found nothing but garden-walls: whereupon they climbed over into the garden and followed the track of feet, which led them to the fountain; and there they found As'ad lying on his back. They knew him and were glad to find him; and, after filling their water-skins, they bore him off and climbed the wall again with him and carried him back in haste to Bahram to whom they said, "Hear the good tidings of thy winning thy wish; and gladden thy heart and beat thy drums and sound thy pipes; for thy prisoner, whom Queen Marjanah took from thee by force, we have found and brought back to thee"; and they threw As'ad down before him. When Bahram saw him, his heart leapt for joy and his breast swelled with gladness. Then he bestowed largesse on the sailors and bade them set sail in haste. So they sailed forthright, intending to make the Mountain of Fire and stayed not their course till the morning. This is how it fared with them; but as regards Queen Marjanah, she abode awhile, after As'ad went down from her, awaiting his return in vain for he came not; thereupon she rose and sought him, yet found no trace of him. Then she bade her women light flambeaux and look for him, whilst she went forth in person and, seeing the garden- door open, knew that he had gone thither. So she went out into the garden and finding his sandals lying by the fountain, searched the place in every part, but came upon no sign of him; and yet she gave not over the search till morning. Then she enquired for the ship and they told her, "The vessel set sail in the first watch of the night"; wherefor she knew that they had taken As'ad with them, and this was grievous to her and she was sore an-angered. She bade equip ten great ships forthwith and, making ready for fight, embarked in one of the ten with her Mamelukes and slave-women and men-at-arms, all splendidly accoutred and weaponed for war. They spread the sails and she said to the captains, "If you overtake the Magian's ship, ye shall have of me dresses of honour and largesse of money; but if you fail so to do, I will slay you to the last man." Whereat fear and great hope animated the crews and they sailed all that day and the night and the second day and the third day till, on the fourth they sighted the ship of Bahram, the Magian, and before evening fell the Queen's squadron had surrounded it on all sides, just as Bahram had taken As'ad forth of the chest and was beating and torturing him, whilst the Prince cried out for help and deliverance, but found neither helper nor deliverer: and the grievous bastinado sorely tormented him. Now while so occupied, Bahram chanced to look up and, seeing himself encompassed by the Queen's ships, as the white of the eye encompasseth the black, he gave himself up for lost and groaned and said, "Woe to thee, O As'ad! This is all out of thy head." Then taking him by the hand he bade his men throw him overboard and cried, "By Allah I will slay thee before I die myself!" So they carried him along by the hands and feet and cast him into the sea and he sank; but Allah (be He extolled and exalted!) willed that his life be saved and that his doom be deferred; so He caused him to sink and rise again and he struck out with his hands and feet, till the Almighty gave him relief, and sent him deliverance; and the waves bore him far from the Magian's ship and threw him ashore. He landed, scarce crediting his escape, and once more on land he doffed his clothes and wrung them and spread them out to dry; whilst he sat naked and weeping over his condition, and bewailing his calamities and mortal dangers, and captivity and stranger hood. And presently he repeated these two couplets,
"Allah, my patience fails: I have no ward; *
             My breast is straitened and clean cut my cord;
To whom shall wretched slave of case complain *
             Save to his Lord? O thou of lords the Lord!"
Then, having ended his verse, he rose and donned his clothes but he knew not whither to go or whence to come; so he fed on the herbs of the earth and the fruits of the trees and he drank of the streams, and fared on night and day till he came in sight of a city; whereupon he rejoiced and hastened his pace; but when he reached it,—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it Was the Two Hundred and Thirty-sixth Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when he reached the city the shades of evening closed around him and the gates were shut. Now by the decrees of Pate and man's lot this was the very city wherein he had been a prisoner and to whose King his brother Amjad was Minister. When As'ad saw the gate was locked, he turned back and made for the burial-ground, where finding a tomb without a door, he entered therein and lay down and fell asleep, with his face covered by his long sleeve. Meanwhile, Queen Marjanah, coming up with Bahram's ship, questioned him of As'ad. Now the Magian, when Queen Marjanah overtook him with her ships, baffled her by his artifice and gramarye; swearing to her that he was not with him and that he knew nothing of him. She searched the ship, but found no trace of her friend, so she took Bahram and, carrying him back to her castle, would have put him to death, but he ransomed himself from her with all his good and his ship; and she released him and his men. They went forth from her hardly believing in their deliverance, and fared on ten days' journey till they came to their own city and found the gate shut, it being eventide. So they made for the burial-ground, thinking to lie the night there and, going round about the tombs, as Fate and Fortune would have it, saw the building wherein As'ad lay wide open; whereat Bahram marvelled and said, "I must look into this sepulchre." Then he entered and found As'ad lying in a corner fast asleep, with his head covered by his sleeve; so he raised his head, and looking in his face, knew him for the man on whose account he had lost his good and his ship, and cried, "What! art thou yet alive?" Then he bound him and gagged him without further parley, and carried him to his house, where he clapped heavy shackles on his feet and lowered him into the underground dungeon aforesaid prepared for the tormenting of Moslems, and he bade his daughter by name Bostán, torture him night and day, till the next year, when they would again visit the Mountain of Fire and there offer him up as a sacrifice. Then he beat him grievously and locking the dungeon door upon him, gave the keys to his daughter. By and by, Bostan opened the door and went down to beat him, but finding him a comely youth and a sweet-faced with arched brows and eyes black with nature's Kohl, she fell in love with him and asked him, "What is thy name?" "My name is As'ad," answered he; whereat she cried, "Mayst thou indeed be happy as thy name, and happy be thy days! Thou deservest not torture and blows, and I see thou hast been injuriously entreated." And she comforted him with kind words and loosed his bonds. Then she questioned him of the religion of Al-Islam and he told her that it was the true and right Faith and that our lord Mohammed had approved himself by surpassing miracles and signs manifest, and that fire-worship is harmful and not profitable; and he went on to expound to her the tenets of Al-Islam till she was persuaded and the love of the True Faith entered her heart. Then, as Almighty Allah had mixed up with her being a fond affection for As'ad, she pronounced the Two Testimonies of the Faith and became of the people of felicity. After this, she brought him meat and drink and talked with him and they prayed together: moreover, she made him chicken stews and fed him therewith, till he regained strength and his sickness left him and he was restored to his former health. Such things befel him with the daughter of Bahram, the Magian; and so it happened that one day she left him and stood at the house-door when behold, she heard the crier crying aloud and saying, "Whoso hath with him a handsome young man, whose favour is thus and thus, and bringeth him forth, shall have all he seeketh of money; but if any have him and deny it, he shall be hanged over his own door and his property shall be plundered and his blood go for naught." Now As'ad had acquainted Bostan bint Bahram with his whole history: so, when she heard the crier, she knew that it was he who was sought for and, going down to him, told him the news. Then he fared forth and made for the mansion of the Wazir, whom, when As'ad saw, exclaimed, "By Allah, this Minister is my brother Amjad!" Then he went up (and the damsel walking behind him) to the Palace, where he again saw his brother, and threw himself upon him; whereupon Amjad also knew him and fell upon his neck and they embraced each other, whilst the Wazir's Mamelukes dismounted and stood round them. They lay awhile insensible and, when they came to themselves, Amjad took his brother and carried him to the Sultan, to whom he related the whole story, and the Sultan charged him to plunder Bahram's house.—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.
When it was the Two Hundred and Thirty-seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that the Sultan ordered Amjad to plunder Bahram's house and to hang its owner. So Amjad despatched thither for that purpose a company of men, who sacked the house and took Bahram and brought his daughter to the Wazir by whom she was received with all honour, for As'ad had told his brother the torments he had suffered and the kindness she had done him. Thereupon Amjad related in his turn to As'ad all that had passed between himself and the damsel; and how he had escaped hanging and had become Wazir; and they made moan, each to other, of the anguish they had suffered for separation. Then the Sultan summoned Bahram and bade strike off his head; but he said, "O most mighty King, art thou indeed resolved to put me to death?" Replied the King, "Yes, except thou save thyself by becoming a Moslem." Quoth Bahram, "O King, bear with me a little while!" Then he bowed his head groundwards and presently raising it again, made pro fession of The Faith and islamised at the hands of the Sultan. They all rejoiced at his conversion and Amjad and As'ad told him all that had befallen them, whereat he wondered and said, "O my lords, make ready for the journey and I will depart with you and carry you back to your father's court in a ship." At this they rejoiced and wept with sore weeping but he said, "O my lords, weep not for your departure, for it shall reunite you with those you love, even as were Ni'amah and Naomi." "And what befel Ni'amah and Naomi?" asked they. "They tell," replied Bahram, "(but Allah alone is All knowing) the following tale of

Footnotes:


 The "topothesia" is worthy of Shakespeare's day. "Khálidán" is evidently a corruption of "Khálidatáni" (for Khálidát), the Eternal, as Ibn Wardi calls the Fortunate Islands, or Canaries, which owe both their modern names to the classics of Europe. Their present history dates from A.D. 1385, unless we accept the Dieppe-Rouen legend of Labat which would place the discovery in A.D. 1326. I for one thoroughly believe in the priority on the West African Coast, of the gallant descendants of the Northmen.
 Four wives are allowed by Moslem law and for this reason. If you marry one wife she holds herself your equal, answers you and "gives herself airs"; two are always quarrelling and making a hell of the house; three are "no company" and two of them always combine against the nicest to make her hours bitter. Four are company, they can quarrel and "make it up" amongst themselves, and the husband enjoys comparative peace. But the Moslem is bound by his law to deal equally with the four, each must have her dresses her establishment and her night, like her sister wives. The number is taken from the Jews (Arbah Turim Ev. Hazaer, i.) "the wise men have given good advice that a man should not marry more than four wives." Europeans, knowing that Moslem women are cloistered and appear veiled in public, begin with believing them to be mere articles of luxury, and only after long residence they find out that nowhere has the sex so much real liberty and power as in the Moslem East. They can possess property and will it away without the husband's leave: they can absent themselves from the house for a month without his having a right to complain; and they assist in all his counsels for the best of reasons: a man can rely only on his wives and children, being surrounded by rivals who hope to rise by his ruin. As regards political matters the Circassian women of Constantinople really rule the Sultanate and there soignez la femme! is the first lesson of getting on in the official world.
 This two-bow prayer is common on the bride-night; and at all times when issue is desired.
 The older Camaralzaman="Moon of the age." Kamar is the moon between her third and twenty-sixth day: Hilál during the rest of the month: Badr (plur. Budúr whence the name of the Princess) is the full moon.
 Arab "Ra'áyá" plur. of 'Ra'íyat" our Anglo-Indian Ryot, lit. a liege, a subject; secondarily a peasant, a Fellah.
 Another audacious parody of the Moslem "testification" to the one God, and to Mohammed the Apostle.
 Showing how long ago forts were armed with metal plates which we have applied to war-ships only of late years.
 The comparison is abominably true—in the East.
 Two fallen angels who taught men the art of magic. They are mentioned in the Koran (chaps. ii.), and the commentators have extensively embroidered the simple text. Popularly they are supposed to be hanging by their feet in a well in the territory of Babel, hence the frequent allusions to "Babylonian sorcery" in Moslem writings; and those who would study the black art at head-quarters are supposed to go there. They are counterparts of the Egyptian Jamnes and Mambres, the Jannes and Jambres of St. Paul (2 Tim. iii. 8).
 An idol or idols of the Arabs (Allat and Ozza) before Mohammed (Koran chaps. ii. 256). Etymologically the word means "error" and the termination is rather Hebraic than Arabic.
 Arab. "Khayt hamayán" (wandering threads of vanity), or
Mukhát al-Shaytan (Satan's snivel),=our "gossamer"=God's summer
(Mutter Gottes Sommer) or God's cymar (?).
 These lines occur in Night xvii.; so I borrow from
Torrens (p. 163) by way of variety.
 A posture of peculiar submission; contrasting strongly with the attitude afterwards assumed by Prince Charming.
 A mere term of vulgar abuse not reflecting on either parent: I have heard a mother call her own son, "Child of adultery."
 Arab. "Ghazá," the Artemisia (Euphorbia ?) before noticed. If the word be a misprint for Ghadá it means a kind of Euphorbia which, with the Arák (wild caper-tree) and the Daum palm (Crucifera thebiaca), is one of the three normal growths of the Arabian desert (Pilgrimage iii. 22).
 Arab. "Banát al-Na'ash," usually translated daughters of the bier, the three stars which represent the horses in either Bear, "Charles' Wain," or Ursa Minor, the waggon being supposed to be a bier. "Banát" may be also sons, plur. of Ibn, as the word points to irrational objects. So Job (ix. 9 and xxxviii. 32) refers to U. Major as "Ash" or "Aysh" in the words, "Canst thou guide the bier with its sons?" (erroneously rendered "Arcturus with his sons") In the text the lines are enigmatical, but apparently refer to a death parting.
 The Chapters are: 2, 3, 36, 55, 67 and the two last ("Daybreak" cxiii. and "Men" cxiv.), which are called Al-Mu'izzatáni (vulgar Al-Mu'izzatayn), the "Two Refuge-takings or Preventives," because they obviate enchantment. I have translated the two latter as follows:—
"Say:—Refuge I take with the Lord of the Day-break *
from mischief of what He did make *
from mischief of moon eclipse-showing *
and from mischief of witches on cord-knots blowing *
and from mischief of envier when envying."
"Say:—Refuge I take with the Lord of men *
the sovran of men *
the God of men *
from the Tempter, the Demon *
who tempteth in whisper the breasts of men *
and from Jinnis and (evil) men."
 The recitations were Náfilah, or superogatory, two short chapters only being required and the taking refuge was because he slept in a ruin, a noted place in the East for Ghuls as in the West for ghosts.
 Lane (ii. 222) first read "Múroozee" and referred it to the Murúz tribe near Herat he afterwards (iii. 748) corrected it to "Marwazee," of the fabric of Marw (Margiana) the place now famed for "Mervousness." As a man of Rayy (Rhages) becomes Rází (e.g. Ibn Fáris al-Razí), so a man of Marw is Marázi, not Murúzi nor Márwazi. The "Mikna' " was a veil forming a kind of "respirator," defending from flies by day and from mosquitos, dews and draughts by night. Easterns are too sensible to sleep with bodies kept warm by bedding, and heads bared to catch every blast. Our grandfathers and grandmothers did well to wear bonnets-de-nuit, however ridiculous they may have looked.
 Iblis, meaning the Despairer, is called in the Koran (chaps. xviii. 48) "One of the genii (Jinnis) who departed from the command of his Lord." Mr. Rodwell (in loco) notes that the Satans and Jinnis represent in the Koran (ii. 32, etc.) the evil-principle and finds an admixture of the Semitic Satans and demons with the "Genii from the Persian (Babylonian ?) and Indian (Egyptian ?) mythologies."
 Of course she could not see his eyes when they were shut; nor is this mere Eastern inconsequence. The writer means, "had she seen them, they would have showed," etc.
 The eyes are supposed to grow darker under the influence of wine and sexual passion.
 To keep off the evil eye.
 Like Dahnash this is a fanciful P. N., fit only for a Jinni. As a rule the appellatives of Moslem "genii" end inús (oos), as Tarnús, Huliyánus, the Jewish in—nas, as Jattunas; those of the Tarsá (the "funkers" i.e. Christians) in—dús, as Sidús, and the Hindus in—tús, as Naktús (who entered the service of the Prophet Shays, or Seth, and was converted to the Faith). The King of the Genii is Malik Katshán who inhabits Mount Kaf; and to the west of him lives his son-in-law, Abd al-Rahman with 33,000 domestics: these names were given by the Apostle Mohammed. "Baktanús" is lord of three Moslem troops of the wandering Jinns, which number a total of twelve bands and extend from Sind to Europe. The Jinns, Divs, Peris ("fairies") and other pre-Adamitic creatures were governed by seventy-two Sultans all known as Sulayman and the last I have said was Ján bin Ján. The angel Háris was sent from Heaven to chastise him, but in the pride of victory he also revolted with his followers the Jinns whilst the Peris held aloof. When he refused to bow down before Adam he and his chiefs were eternally imprisoned but the other Jinns are allowed to range over earth as a security for man's obedience. The text gives the three orders. flyers. walkers and divers.
 i.e. distracted (with love); the Lakab, or poetical name, of apparently a Spanish poet.
 Nothing is more "anti-pathetic" to Easterns than lean hips and flat hinder-cheeks in women and they are right in insisting upon the characteristic difference of the male and female figure. Our modern sculptors and painters, whose study of the nude is usually most perfunctory, have often scandalised me by the lank and greyhound-like fining off of the frame, which thus becomes rather simian than human.
 The small fine foot is a favourite with Easterns as well as Westerns. Ovid (A.A.) is not ashamed "ad teneros Oscula (not basia or suavia) ferre pedes." Ariosto ends the august person in
                  Il breve, asciutto, e ritondetto piece,
         (The short-sized, clean-cut, roundly-moulded foot).
And all the world over it is a sign of "blood," i.e. the fine nervous temperament.
 i.e. "full moons": the French have corrupted it to
"Badoure"; we to "Badoura." winch is worse.
 As has been said a single drop of urine renders the clothes ceremoniously impure, hence a Stone or a handful of earth must be used after the manner of the torche-cul. Scrupulous Moslems, when squatting to make water, will prod the ground before them with the point o f stick or umbrella, so as to loosen it and prevent the spraying of the urine.
 It is not generally known to Christians that Satan has a wife called Awwá ("Hawwá" being the Moslem Eve) and, as Adam had three sons, the Tempter has nine, viz., Zu 'l-baysun who rules in bazars. Wassin who prevails in times of trouble. Awan who counsels kings; Haffan patron of wine-bibbers; Marrah of musicians and dancers; Masbut of news-spreaders (and newspapers ?); Dulhán who frequents places of worship and interferes with devotion. Dasim, lord of mansions and dinner tables, who prevents the Faithful saying "Bismillah" and "Inshallah," as commanded in the Koran (xviii. 23), and Lakís, lord of Fire worshippers (Herklots, chap. xxix. sect. 4).
 Strong perfumes, such as musk (which we Europeans dislike and suspect), are always insisted upon in Eastern poetry, and Mohammed's predilection for them is well known. Moreover the young and the beautiful are held (justly enough) to exhale a natural fragrance which is compared with that of the blessed in Paradise. Hence in the Mu'allakah of Imr al-Keys:—
Breathes the scent of musk when they rise to rove, *
            As the Zephyr's breath with the flavour o'clove.
It is made evident by dogs and other fine-nosed animals that every human being has his, or her, peculiar scent which varies according to age and health. Hence animals often detect the approach of death.
 Arab. "Kahlá." This has been explained. Mohammed is said to have been born with "Kohl'd eyes."
 Hawá al-'uzrí, before noticed (Night cxiv.).
 These lines, with the Názir (eye or steward), the Hájib (Groom of the Chambers or Chamberlain) and Joseph, are also repeated from Night cxiv. For the Nazir see Al-Hariri (Nos. xiii. and xxii.)
 The usual allusion to the Húr (Houris) from "Hangar," the white and black of the eye shining in contrast. The Persian Magi also placed in their Heaven (Bihisht or Minu) "Huran," or black-eyed nymphs, under the charge of the angel Zamiyád.
 In the first hemistich, "bi-shitt 'it wády" (by the wady-bank): in the second, "wa shatta 'l wády" ("and my slayer"— i.e. wády act. part. of wady, killing—"hath paced away").
 The double entendre is from the proper names Budúr and Su'ád (Beatrice) also meaning "auspicious (or blessed) full moons."
 Arab. "Házir" (also Ahl al-hazer, townsmen) and Bádi, a Badawi, also called "Ahl al-Wabar," people of the camel's hair (tent) and A'aráb (Nomadic) as opposed to Arab (Arab settled or not). They still boast with Ibn Abbas, cousin of Mohammed, that they have kerchiefs (not turbands) for crowns, tents for houses, loops for walls, swords for scarves and poems for registers or written laws.
 This is a peculiarity of the Jinn tribe when wearing hideous forms. It is also found in the Hindu Rakshasa.
 Which, by the by, are small and beautifully shaped. The animal is very handy with them, as I learnt by experience when trying to "Rareyfy" one at Bayrut.
 She being daughter of Al-Dimiryát, King of the Jinns.
Mr. W. F. Kirby has made him the subject of a pretty poem.
 These lines have occurred in Night xxii. I give
Torrens's version (p. 223) by way of variety.
 Arab. "Kámat Alfiyyah," like an Alif, the first of the Arabic alphabet, the Heb. Aleph. The Arabs, I have said, took the flag or water leaf form and departed very far from the Egyptian original (we know from Plutarch that the hieroglyphic abecedarium began with "a"), which was chosen by other imitators, namely the bull's head, and which in the cursive form, especially the Phnician, became a yoke. In numerals "Alif" denotes one or one thousand. It inherits the traditional honours of Alpha (as opposed to Omega) and in books, letters and writings generally it is placed as a monogram over the "Bismillah," an additional testimony to the Unity. (See vol. i. p. 1.) In mediæval Christianity this place of honour was occupied by the cross: none save the wildest countries have preserved it, but our vocabulary still retains Criss' (Christ-)cross Row, for horn-book, on account of the old alphabet and nine digits disposed in the form of a Latin cross. Hence Tickell ("The Horn-book"):
                ——Mortals ne'er shall know
                More than contained of old the Chris'-cross Row.
 The young man must have been a demon of chastity.
 Arab. "Kirát" from i.e. bean, the seed of the Abrus precatorius, in weight=two to three (English) grains; and in length=one finger-breadth here; 24 being the total. The Moslem system is evidently borrowed from the Roman "as" and "uncia."
 Names of women.
 Arab. "Amsa" (lit. he passed the evening) like "asbaha" (he rose in the morning) "Azhá" (he spent the forenoon) and "bata" (he spent the night), are idiomatically used for "to be in any state, to continue" without specification of time or season.
 Lit. "my liver ;" which viscus, and not the heart, is held the seat of passion, a fancy dating from the oldest days. Theocritus says of Hercules, "In his liver Love had fixed a wound" (Idyl. xiii.). In the Anthologia "Cease, Love, to wound my liver and my heart" (lib. vii.). So Horace (Odes, i. 2); his Latin Jecur and the Persian "Jigar" being evident congeners. The idea was long prevalent and we find in Shakespeare:—
                 Alas, then Love may be called appetite,
                 No motion of the liver but the palate.
 A marvellous touch of nature, love ousting affection; the same trait will appear in the lover and both illustrate the deep Italian saying, "Amor discende, non ascende." The further it goes down the stronger it becomes as of grand-parent for grand-child and vice versa.
 This tenet of the universal East is at once fact and unfact. As a generalism asserting that women's passion is ten times greater than man's (Pilgrimage, ii. 282), it is unfact. The world shows that while women have more philoprogenitiveness, men have more amativeness; otherwise the latter would not propose and would nurse the doll and baby. Pact, however, in low-lying lands, like Persian Mazanderan versus the Plateau; Indian Malabar compared with Marátha-land; California as opposed to Utah and especially Egypt contrasted with Arabia. In these hot damp climates the venereal requirements and reproductive powers of the female greatly exceed those of the male; and hence the dissoluteness of morals would be phenomenal, were it not obviated by seclusion, the sabre and the revolver. In cold-dry or hot-dry mountainous lands the reverse is the case; hence polygamy there prevails whilst the low countries require polyandry in either form, legal or illegal (i,e. prostitution) I have discussed this curious point of "geographical morality" (for all morality is, like conscience, both geographical and chronological), a subject so interesting to the lawgiver, the student of ethics and the anthropologist, in "The City of the Saints " But strange and unpleasant truths progress slowly, especially in England.
 This morning evacuation is considered, in the East, a sine quâ non of health; and old Anglo-Indians are unanimous in their opinion of the "bard fajar" (as they mispronounce the dawn-clearance). The natives of India, Hindús (pagans) and Hindís (Moslems), unlike Europeans, accustom themselves to evacuate twice a day, evening as well as morning. This may, perhaps, partly account for their mildness and effeminacy; for:—
C'est la constipation qui rend l'homme rigoureux.
The English, since the first invasion of cholera, in October, 1831, are a different race from their costive grandparents who could not dine without a "dinner-pill." Curious to say the clyster is almost unknown to the people of Hindostan although the barbarous West Africans use it daily to "wash 'um belly," as the Bonney-men say. And, as Sonnini notes to propose the process in Egypt under the Beys might have cost a Frankish medico his life.
 The Egyptian author cannot refrain from this characteristic polissonnerie; and reading it out is always followed by a roar of laughter. Even serious writers like Al- Hariri do not, as I have noted, despise the indecency.
 "'Long beard and little wits," is a saying throughout the East where the Kausaj (= man with thin, short beard) is looked upon as cunning and tricksy. There is a venerable Joe Miller about a schoolmaster who, wishing to singe his long beard short, burnt it off and his face to boot:—which reminded him of the saying. A thick beard is defined as one which wholly conceals the skin; and in ceremonial ablution it must be combed out with the fingers till the water reach the roots. The Sunnat, or practice of the Prophet, was to wear the beard not longer than one hand and two fingers' breadth. In Persian "Kúseh" (thin beard) is an insulting term opposed to "Khush-rísh," a well-bearded man. The Iranian growth is perhaps the finest in the world, often extending to the waist; but it gives infinite trouble, requiring, for instance, a bag when travelling. The Arab beard is often composed of two tufts on the chin-sides and straggling hairs upon the cheeks; and this is a severe mortification, especially to Shaykhs and elders, who not only look upon the beard as one of man's characteristics, but attach a religious importance to the appendage. Hence the enormity of Kamar al-Zaman's behaviour. The Persian festival of the vernal equinox was called Kusehnishín (Thin-beard sitting). An old man with one eye paraded the streets on an ass with a crow in one hand and a scourge and fan in the other, cooling himself, flogging the bystanders and crying heat! heat! (garmá! garmá!). For other particulars see Richardson (Dissertation, p. Iii.). This is the Italian Giorno delle Vecchie, Thursday in Mid Lent, March 12 (1885), celebrating the death of Winter and the birth of Spring.
 I quote Torrens (p. 400) as these lines have occurred in
Night xxxviii.
 Moslems have only two names for week days, Friday,
Al-Jum'ah or meeting-day, and Al-Sabt, Sabbath day, that is
Saturday. The others are known by numbers after Quaker fashion
with us, the usage of Portugal and Scandinavia.
 Our last night.
 Arab. "Tayf"=phantom, the nearest approach to our "ghost," that queer remnant of Fetishism imbedded in Christianity; the phantasma, the shade (not the soul) of tile dead. Hence the accurate Niebuhr declares, "apparitions (i.e., of the departed) are unknown in Arabia." Haunted houses are there tenanted by Ghuls, Jinns and a host of supernatural creatures; but not by ghosts proper; and a man may live years in Arabia before he ever hears of the "Tayf." With the Hindus it is otherwise (Pilgrimage iii. 144). Yet the ghost, the embodied fear of the dead and of death is common, in a greater or less degree, to all peoples; and, as modern Spiritualism proves, that ghost is not yet laid.
 Mr. Payne (iii. 133) omits the lines which are àpropos de rein and read much like "nonsense verses." I retain them simply because they are in the text.
 The first two couplets are the quatrain (or octave) in
Night xxxv.
 Arab. "Ar'ar," the Heb. "Aroer," which Luther and the A.
V. translate "heath." The modern Aramaic name is "Lizzáb"
(Unexplored Syria. i. 68).
 In the old version and the Bresl. Edit. (iii. 220) the
Princess beats the "Kahramánah," but does not kill her.
 'This is still the popular Eastern treatment of the insane.
 Pers. "Marz-bán" = Warden of the Marches, Margrave. The foster-brother in the East is held dear as, and often dearer than, kith and kin.
 The moderns believe most in the dawn-dream.
                —Quirinus
Post mediam noctem visus, quum somnia vera.
                  (Horace Sat. i. 10, 33,)
 The Bresl. Edit. (iii. 223) and Galland have "Torf:"
Lane (ii. 115) "El-Tarf."
 Arab. "Maghzal ;" a more favourite comparison is with a tooth pick. Both are used by Nizami and Al-Hariri, the most "elegant" of Arab writers.
 These form a Kasídah, Ode or Elegy= rhymed couplets numbering more than thirteen: If shorter it is called a "Ghazal." I have not thought it necessary to preserve the monorhyme.
 Sulaymá dim. of Salmá= any beautiful woman Rabáb = the viol mostly single stringed: Tan'oum=she who is soft and gentle. These fictitious names are for his old flames.
 i.e. wine. The distich is highly fanciful and the conceits would hardly occur to a
 Arab. "Andam," a term applied to Brazil-wood (also called "Bakkam") and to "dragon's blood," but not, I think, to tragacanth, the "goat's thorn," which does not dye. Andam is often mentioned in The Nights.
 The superior merit of the first (explorer, etc.) is a lieu commun with Arabs. So Al-Hariri in Preface quotes his predecessor:—
                  Justly of praise the price I pay;
                  The praise is his who leads the way.
 There were two Lukmans, of whom more in a future page.
 This symbolic action is repeatedly mentioned in The
Nights.
 Arab. "Shakhs"=a person, primarily a dark spot. So "Sawád"=blackness, in Al-Hariri means a group of people who darken the ground by their shade.
 The first bath after sickness, I have said, is called
"Ghusl al-Sihhah,"—the Washing of Health.
 The words "malady" and "disease" are mostly avoided during these dialogues as ill-omened words which may bring on a relapse.
 Solomon's carpet of green silk which carried him and all his host through the air is a Talmudic legend generally accepted in Al-Islam though not countenanced by the Koran. chaps xxvii. When the "gnat's wing" is mentioned, the reference is to Nimrod who, for boasting that he was lord of all, was tortured during four hundred years by a gnat sent by Allah up his ear or nostril.
 The absolute want of morality and filial affection in the chaste young man is supposed to be caused by the violence of his passion, and he would be pardoned because he "loved much."
 I have noticed the geomantic process in my "History of Sindh" (chaps. vii.). It is called "Zarb al-Ram!" (strike the sand, the French say "frapper le sable") because the rudest form is to make on the ground dots at haphazard, usually in four lines one above the other: these are counted and, if even-numbered, two are taken ( ** ); if odd one ( * ); and thus the four lines will form a scheme say * * * * * * This is repeated three times, producing the same number of figures; and then the combination is sought in an explanatory table or, if the practitioner be expert, he pronounces off-hand. The Nights speak of a "Takht Raml" or a board, like a schoolboy's slate, upon which the dots are inked instead of points in sand. The moderns use a "Kura'h," or oblong die, upon whose sides the dots, odd and even, are marked; and these dice are hand-thrown to form the e figure. By way of complication Geomancy is mixed up with astrology and then it becomes a most complicated kind of ariolation and an endless study. "Napoleon's Book of Fate," a chap-book which appeared some years ago, was Geomancy in its simplest and most ignorant shape. For the rude African form see my Mission to Dahome, i. 332, and for that of Darfour, pp. 360-69 of Shaykh Mohammed's Voyage before quoted.
 Translators understand this of writing marriage contracts; I take it in a more general sense.
 These lines are repeated from Night Ixxv.: with Mr. Payne's permission I give his rendering (iii. 153) by way of variety.
 The comparison is characteristically Arab.
 Not her "face": the head, and especially the back of the head, must always be kept covered, even before the father.
 Arab. "Siwák"=a tooth-stick; "Siwá-ka"=lit. other than thou.
 Arab. "Arák"=tooth stick of the wild caper-tree; "Ará-ka" lit.=I see thee. The capparis spinosa is a common desert-growth and the sticks about a span long (usually called Miswák), are sold in quantities at Meccah after being dipped in Zemzem water. In India many other woods are used, date-tree, Salvadora, Achyrantes, phyllanthus, etc. Amongst Arabs peculiar efficacy accompanies the tooth-stick of olive, "the tree springing from Mount Sinai" (Koran xxiii. 20); and Mohammed would use no other, because it prevents decay and scents the mouth. Hence Koran, chaps. xcv. 1. The "Miswák" is held with the unused end between the ring-finger and minimus, the two others grasp the middle and the thumb is pressed against the back close to the lips. These articles have long been sold at the Medical Hall near the "Egyptian Hall," Piccadilly. They are better than our unclean tooth-brushes because each tooth gets its own especial rubbing' not a general sweep; at the same time the operation is longer and more troublesome. In parts of Africa as well as Asia many men walk about with the tooth-stick hanging by a string from the neck.
 The "Mehari," of which the Algerine-French speak, are the dromedaries bred by the Mahrah tribe of Al-Yaman, the descendants of Mahrat ibn Haydan. They are covered by small wild camels (?) called Al-Húsh, found between Oman and Al-Shihr: others explain the word to mean "stallions of the Jinns " and term those savage and supernatural animals, "Najáib al-Mahriyah"nobles of the Mahrah.
 Arab. "Khaznah"=a thousand purses; now about £5000. It denotes a large sum of money, like the "Badrah," a purse containing 10,000 dirhams of silver (Al-Hariri), or 80,000 (Burckhardt Prov. 380); whereas the "Nisáb" is a moderate sum of money, gen. 20 gold dinars=200 silver dirhams.
 As The Nights show, Arabs admire slender forms; but the hips and hinder cheeks must be highly developed and the stomach fleshy rather than lean. The reasons are obvious. The Persians who exaggerate everything say e.g. (Husayn Váiz in the Anvár-i-Suhayli):—
                  How paint her hips and waist ? Who saw
                  A mountain (Koh) dangling to a straw (káh)?
In Antar his beloved Abla is a tamarisk (T. Orientalis). Others compare with the palm-tree (Solomon), the Cypress (Persian, esp. Hafiz and Firdausi) and the Arák or wild Capparis (Arab.).
 Ubi aves ibi angel). All African travellers know that a few birds flying about the bush, and a few palm-trees waving in the wind, denote the neighbourhood of a village or a camp (where angels are scarce). The reason is not any friendship for man but because food, animal and vegetable, is more plentiful Hence Albatrosses, Mother Carey's (Mater Cara, the Virgin) chickens, and Cape pigeons follow ships.
 The stanza is called Al-Mukhammas=cinquains; the quatrains and the "bob," or "burden" always preserve the same consonance. It ends with a Koranic lieu commun of Moslem morality.
 Moslem port towns usually have (or had) only two gates. Such was the case with Bayrut, Tyre, Sidon and a host of others; the faubourg-growth of modern days has made these obsolete. The portals much resemble the entrances of old Norman castles—Arques for instance. (Pilgrimage i. 185.)
 Arab. "Lisám"; before explained.
 i.e. Life of Souls (persons, etc.).
 Arab. "Insánu-há"=her (i.e. their) man: i.e. the babes of the eyes: the Assyrian Ishon, dim. of Ish=Man; which the Hebrews call "Bábat" or "Bit" (the daughter) the Arabs "Bubu (or Hadakat) al-Aye"; the Persians "Mardumak-i-chashm" (mannikin of the eye); the Greeks and the Latins pupa, pupula, pupilla. I have noted this in the Lyricks of Camoens (p. 449).
 Ma'an bin Zá'idah, a soldier and statesman of the eighth century.
 The mildness of the Caliph Mu'áwiyah, the founder of the Ommiades, proverbial among the Arabs, much resembles the "meekness" of Moses the Law-giver, which commentators seem to think has been foisted into Numbers xii. 3.
 Showing that there had been no consummation of the marriage which would have demanded "Ghusl," or total ablution, at home or in the Hammam.
 I have noticed this notable desert-growth.
 'The "situation" is admirable, solution appearing so difficult and catastrophe imminent.
 This quatrain occurs in Night ix.: I have borrowed from
Torrens (p. 79) by way of variety.
 The belief that young pigeon's blood resembles the virginal discharge is universal; but the blood most resembling man's is that of the pig which in other points is so very human. In our day Arabs and Hindus rarely submit to inspection the nuptial sheet as practiced by the Israelites and Persians. The bride takes to bed a white kerchief with which she staunches the blood and next morning the stains are displayed in the Harem. In Darfour this is done by the bridegroom. "Prima Venus debet esse cruenta," say the Easterns with much truth, and they have no faith in our complaisant creed which allows the hymen-membrane to disappear by any but one accident.
 Not meaning the two central divisions commanded by the
King and his Wazir.
 Ironicè.
 Arab. "Rasy"=praising in a funeral sermon.
 Arab. "Manáyá," plur. of "Maniyat" = death. Mr. R. S. Poole (the Academy, April 26, 1879) reproaches Mr. Payne for confounding "Muniyat" (desire) with "Maniyat" (death) but both are written the same except when vowel-points are used.
 Arab. "Iddat," alluding to the months of celibacy which, according to Moslem law, must be passed by a divorced woman before she can re-marry.
 Arab. "Talák bi'l-Salásah"=a triple divorce which cannot be revoked; nor can the divorcer re-marry the same woman till after consummation with another husband. This subject will continually recur.
 An allusion to a custom of the pagan Arabs in the days of ignorant Heathenism The blood or brain, soul or personality of the murdered man formed a bird called Sady or Hámah (not the Humá or Humái, usually translated "phnix") which sprang from the head, where four of the five senses have their seat, and haunted his tomb, crying continually, "Uskúni!"=Give me drink (of the slayer's blood) ! and which disappeared only when the vendetta was accomplished. Mohammed forbade the belief. Amongst the Southern Slavs the cuckoo is supposed to be the sister of a murdered man ever calling or vengeance.
 To obtain a blessing and show how he valued it.
 Well-known tribes of proto-historic Arabs who flourished before the time of Abraham: see Koran (chaps. xxvi. et passim). They will be repeatedly mentioned in The Nights and notes.
 Arab. "Amtár"; plur. of "Matr," a large vessel of leather or wood for water, etc.
 Arab. "Asáfírí," so called because they attract sparrows (asáfír) a bird very fond of the ripe oily fruit. In the Romance of "Antar" Asáfír camels are beasts that fly like birds in fleetness. The reader must not confound the olives of the text with the hard unripe berries ("little plums pickled in stale") which appear at English tables, nor wonder that bread and olives are the beef-steak and potatoes of many Mediterranean peoples It is an excellent diet, the highly oleaginous fruit supplying the necessary carbon,
 Arab. "Tamer al-Hindi"=the "Indian-date," whence our word "Tamarind." A sherbet of the pods, being slightly laxative, is much drunk during the great heats; and the dried fruit, made into small round cakes, is sold in the bazars. The traveller is advised not to sleep under the tamarind's shade, which is infamous for causing ague and fever. In Sind I derided the "native nonsense," passed the night under an "Indian date-tree" and awoke with a fine specimen of ague which lasted me a week.
 Moslems are not agreed upon the length of the Day of Doom when all created things, marshalled by the angels, await final judgment; the different periods named are 40 years, 70, 300 and 50,000. Yet the trial itself will last no longer than while one may milk an ewe, or than "the space between two milkings of a she-camel." This is bringing down Heaven to Earth with a witness; but, after all, the Heaven of all faiths, including "Spiritualism," the latest development, is only an earth more or less glorified even as the Deity is humanity more or less perfected.
 Arab. "Al-Kamaráni," lit. "the two moons." Arab rhetoric prefers it to "Shamsáni," or {`two suns," because lighter (akhaff), to pronounce. So, albeit Omar was less worthy than Abu-Bakr the two are called "Al-Omaráni," in vulgar parlance, Omarayn.
 Alluding to the angels who appeared to the Sodomites in the shape of beautiful youths (Koran xi.).
 Koran xxxiii. 38.
 "Niktu-hu taklidan" i.e. not the real thing (with a woman). It may also mean "by his incitement of me." All this scene is written in the worst form of Persian-Egyptian blackguardism, and forms a curious anthropological study. The "black joke" of the true and modest wife is inimitable.
 Arab. "Jamíz" (in Egypt "Jammayz") = the fruit of the true sycomore (F. Sycomorus) a magnificent tree which produces a small tasteless fig, eaten by the poorer classes in Egypt and by monkeys. The "Tín" or real fig here is the woman's parts; the "mulberry- fig," the anus. Martial (i. 65) makes the following distinction:—
                  Dicemus ficus, quas scimus in arbore nasci,
                  Dicemus ficos, Caeciliane, tuos.
And Modern Italian preserves a difference between fico and fica.
 Arab. "Ghániyat Azárá" (plur. of Azrá = virgin): the former is properly a woman who despises ornaments and relies on "beauty unadorned" (i.e. in bed).
 "Nihil usitatius apud monachos, cardinales, sacrificulos," says Johannes de la Casa Beneventius Episcopus, quoted by Burton Anat. of Mel. lib. iii. Sect. 2; and the famous epitaph on the Jesuit,
                  Ci-git un Jesuite:
                  Passant, serre les fesses et passe vite!
 Arab. "Kiblah"=the fronting-place of prayer, Meccah for Moslems, Jerusalem for Jews and early Christians. See Pilgrimage (ii. 321) for the Moslem change from Jerusalem to Meccah and ibid. (ii. 213) for the way in which the direction was shown.
 The Koran says (chaps. ii.): "Your wives are your tillage: go in therefore unto your tillage in what manner so ever ye will." Usually this is understood as meaning in any posture, standing or sitting, lying, backwards or forwards. Yet there is a popular saying about the man whom the woman rides (vulg. St. George, in France, le Postillon); "Cursed be who maketh woman Heaven and himself earth!" Some hold the Koranic passage to have been revealed in confutation of the Jews, who pretended that if a man lay with his wife backwards, he would beget a cleverer child. Others again understand it of preposterous venery, which is absurd: every ancient law-giver framed his code to increase the true wealth of the people—population—and severely punished all processes, like onanism, which impeded it. The Persians utilise the hatred of women for such misuse when they would force a wive to demand a divorce and thus forfeit her claim to Mahr (dowry); they convert them into catamites till, after a month or so, they lose all patience and leave the house.
 Koran lit 9: "He will be turned aside from the Faith (or Truth) who shall be turned aside by the Divine decree;" alluding, in the text, to the preposterous venery her lover demands.
 Arab. "Futúh" meaning openings, and also victories, benefits. The lover congratulates her on her mortifying self in order to please him.
 "And the righteous work will be exalt": (Koran xxxv. 11) applied ironically.
 A prolepsis of Tommy Moore:—
                 Your mother says, my little Venus,
                 There's something not quite right between us,
                               And you're in fault as much as I,
                  Now, on my soul, my little Venus,
                  I swear 'twould not be right between us,
                               To let your mother tell a lie.
But the Arab is more moral than Mr. Little. as he purposes to repent.
 Arab. "Khunsa" flexible or flaccid, from Khans=bending inwards, i.e. the mouth of a water-skin before drinking. Like Mukhannas, it is also used for an effeminate man, a passive sodomite and even for a eunuch. Easterns still believe in what Westerns know to be an impossibility, human beings with the parts and proportions of both sexes equally developed and capable of reproduction; and Al-Islam even provides special rules for them (Pilgrimage iii. 237). We hold them to be Buffon's fourth class of (duplicate) monsters belonging essentially to one or the other sex, and related to its opposite only by some few characteristics. The old Greeks dreamed, after their fashion, a beautiful poetic dream of a human animal uniting the contradictory beauties of man and woman. The duality of the generative organs seems an old Egyptian tradition, at least we find it in Genesis (i. 27) where the image of the Deity is created male and female, before man was formed out of the dust of the ground (ii. 7). The old tradition found its way to India (if the Hindus did not borrow the idea from the Greeks); and one of the forms of Mahadeva, the third person of their triad, is entitled "Ardhanárí"=the Half-woman, which has suggested to them some charming pictures. Europeans, seeing the left breast conspicuously feminine, have indulged in silly surmises about the "Amazons."
 This is a mere phrase for our "dying of laughter": the queen was on her back. And as Easterns sit on carpets, their falling back is very different from the same movement off a chair.
 Arab. "Ismid," the eye-powder before noticed.
 When the Caliph (e.g. Al-Tá'i li'llah) bound a banner to a spear and handed it to an officer, he thereby appointed him Sultan or Viceregent.
 Arab. "Sháib al-ingház"=lit. a gray beard who shakes head in disapproval.
 Arab. "Ayát" = the Hebr. "Ototh," signs, wonders or
Koranic verses.
 The Chapter "Al-Ikhlás" i.e. clearing (oneself from any faith but that of Unity) is No. cxii. and runs thus:—
                  Say, He is the One God!
                                The sempiternal God,
                   He begetteth not, nor is He begot,
                              And unto Him the like is not.
It is held to be equal in value to one-third of the Koran, and is daily used in prayer. Mr. Rodwell makes it the tenth.
 The Lady Budur shows her noble blood by not objecting to her friend becoming her Zarrat (sister-wife). This word is popularly derived from "Zarar"=injury; and is vulgarly pronounced in Egypt "Durrah" sounding like Durrah = a parrot (see Burckhardt's mistake in Prov. 314). The native proverb says, "Ayshat al-durrah murrah," the sister-wife hath a bitter life. We have no English equivalent; so I translate indifferently co-wife, co-consort, sister-wife or sister in wedlock.
 Lane preserves the article "El-Amjad" and "El-As'ad;" which is as necessary as to say "the John" or "the James," because neo-Latins have "il Giovanni" or "il Giacomo." In this matter of the article, however, it is impossible to lay down a universal rule: in some cases it must be preserved and only practice in the language can teach its use. For instance, it is always present in Al-Bahrayn and al-Yaman; but not necessarily so with Irak and Najd.
 It is hard to say why this ugly episode was introduced.
It is a mere false note in a tune pretty enough.
 The significance of this action will presently appear.
 An "Hadís."
 Arab. "Sabb" = using the lowest language of abuse. chiefly concerning women-relatives and their reproductive parts.
 The reader will note in the narration concerning the two Queens the parallelism of the Arab's style which recalls that of the Hebrew poets. Strings of black silk are plaited into the long locks (an "idiot-fringe" being worn over the brow) because a woman is cursed "who joineth her own hair to the hair of another" (especially human hair). Sending the bands is a sign of affectionate submission; and, in extremes" cases the hair itself is sent.
 i.e., suffer similar pain at the spectacle, a phrase often occurring.
 i.e., when the eye sees not, the heart grieves not.
 i.e., unto Him we shall return, a sentence recurring in almost every longer chapter of the Koran.
 Arab. "Kun," the creative Word (which, by the by, proves the Koran to be an uncreated Logos); the full sentence being "Kun fa kána" = Be! and it became. The origin is evidently, "And God said, Let there be light: and there was light" (Gen. i. 3); a line grand in its simplicity and evidently borrowed from the Egyptians, even as Yahveh (Jehovah) from "Ankh"=He who lives (Brugsch Hist. ii. 34).
 i.e. but also for the life and the so-called "soul."
 Arab. "Layáli"=lit. nights which, I have said, is often applied to the whole twenty-four hours. Here it is used in the sense of "fortune" or "fate ;" like "days" and "days and nights."
 Abdullah ibn al-Zubayr a nephew of Ayishah, who had rebuilt the Ka'abah in A.H. 64 (A.D. 683), revolted (A.D. 680) against Yezid and was proclaimed Caliph at Meccah. He was afterwards killed (A.D. 692) by the famous or infamous Hajjáj general of Abd al-Malik bin Marwan, the fifth Ommiade, surnamed "Sweat of a stone" (skin-flint) and "Father of Flies," from his foul breath. See my Pilgrimage, etc. (iii. 192-194), where are explained the allusions to the Ka'abah and the holy Black Stone.
 These lines are part of an elegy on the downfall of one of the Moslem dynasties in Spain, composed in the twelfth century by Ibn Abdun al-Andalúsi. The allusion is to the famous conspiracy of the Khárijites (the first sectarians in Mohammedanism) to kill Ah, Mu'awiyah and Amru (so written but pronounced "Amr") al-As, in order to abate intestine feuds m Al-Islam. Ali was slain with a sword-cut by Ibn Muljam a name ever damnable amongst the Persians; Mu'awiyah escaped with a wound and Kharijah, the Chief of Police at Fustat or old Cairo was murdered by mistake for Amru. After this the sectarian wars began.
 Arab. "Saráb"= (Koran, chaps. xxiv.) the reek of the Desert, before explained. It is called "Lama," the shine, the loom, in Al-Hariri. The world is compared with the mirage, the painted eye and the sword that breaks in the sworder's hand.
 Arab. "Dunyá," with the common alliteration "dániyah" (=Pers. "dún"), in prose as well as poetry means the things or fortune of this life opp. to "Akhirah"=future life.
 Arab. "Walgh," a strong expression primarily denoting the lapping of dogs; here and elsewhere "to swill, saufen."
 The lines are repeated from Night ccxxi. I give Lane's version (ii. 162) by way of contrast and—warning.
 "Sáhirah" is the place where human souls will be gathered on Doom-day: some understand by it the Hell Sa'ír (No. iv.) intended for the Sabians or the Devils generally.
 His eyes are faded like Jacob's which, after weeping for Joseph, "became white with mourning" (Koran, chaps. xxi.). It is a stock comparison.
 The grave.
 Arab. "Sawwán" (popularly pronounced Suwán) ="Syenite" from Syrene; generally applied to silex, granite or any hard stone.
 A proceeding fit only for thieves and paupers: "Alpinism" was then unknown. "You come from the mountain" (al-Jabal) means, "You are a clod-hopper"; and "I will sit upon the mountain"=turn anchorite or magician. (Pilgrimage i. 106.)
 Corresponding with wayside chapels in Catholic countries. The Moslem form would be either a wall with a prayer niche (Mibráb) fronting Meccah-wards or a small domed room. These little oratories are often found near fountains, streams or tree-clumps where travellers would be likely to alight. I have described one in Sind ("Scinde or the Unhappy Valley" i. 79), and have noted that scrawling on the walls is even more common in the East than in the West; witness the monuments of old Egypt bescribbled by the Greeks and Romans. Even the paws of the Sphinx are covered with such graffiti; and those of Ipsambul or Abu Símbal have proved treasures to epigraphists.
 In tales this characterises a Persian; and Hero Rustam is always so pictured.
 The Parsis, who are the representatives of the old Guebres, turn towards the sun and the fire as their Kiblah or point of prayer; all deny that they worship it. But, as in the case of saints' images, while the educated would pray before them for edification (Labia) the ignorant would adore them (Dulia); and would make scanty difference between the "reverence of a servant" and the "reverence of a slave." The human sacrifice was quite contrary to Guebre, although not to Hindu, custom; although hate and vengeance might prompt an occasional murder.
 These oubliettes are common in old eastern houses as in the medieval Castles of Europe, and many a stranger has met his death in them. They are often so well concealed that even the modern inmates are not aware of their existence.
 Arab. "Bakk"; hence our "bug" whose derivation (like that of "cat" "dog" and "hog") is apparently unknown to the dictionaries, always excepting M. Littré's.
 i.e. thy beauty is ever increasing.
 Alluding, as usual, to the eye-lashes, e.g.
An eyelash arrow from an eyebrow bow.
 Lane (ii. 168) reads:—"The niggardly female is protected by her niggardness;" a change of "Nahílah" (bee-hive) into "Bakhílah" (she skin flint).
 Koran iv. 38. The advantages are bodily strength, understanding and the high privilege of Holy War. Thus far, and thus far only, woman amongst Moslems is "lesser
 Arab. "Amir Yákhúr," a corruption of "Akhor"=stable
(Persian).
 A servile name in Persian, meaning "the brave," and a title of honour at the Court of Delhi when following the name. Many English officers have made themselves ridiculous (myself amongst the number) by having it engraved on their seal-rings, e.g. Brown Sáhib Bahádur. To write the word "Behadir" or "Bahádir" is to adopt the wretched Turkish corruption.
 "Jerry Sneak" would be the English reader's comment; but in the East all charges are laid upon women.
 Here the formula means "I am sorry for it, but I couldn't help it."
 A noble name of the Persian Kings (meaning the planet
Mars) corrupted in Europe to Varanes.
 Arab. "Jalláb," one of the three muharramát or forbiddens, the Hárik al-hajar (burner of stone) the Káti' al-shajar (cutter of trees, without reference to Hawarden N. B.) and the Báyi' al-bashar (seller of men, vulg. Jalláb). The two former worked, like the Italian Carbonari, in desert places where they had especial opportunities for crime. (Pilgrimage iii. 140.) None of these things must be practiced during Pilgrimage on the holy soil of Al-Hijaz—not including Jeddah.
 The verses contain the tenets of the Murjiy sect which attaches infinite importance to faith and little or none to works. Sale (sect. viii.) derives his "Morgians" from the "Jabrians" (Jabari), who are the direct opponents of the "Kadarians" (Kadari), denying free will and free agency to man and ascribing his actions wholly to Allah. Lane (ii. 243) gives the orthodox answer to the heretical question:—
Water could wet him not if God please guard His own; *
Nor need man care though bound of hands in sea he's thrown:
But if His Lord decree that he in sea be drowned; *
He'll drown albeit in the wild and wold he wone.
It is the old quarrel between Predestination and Freewill which cannot be solved except by assuming a Law without a Lawgiver.
 Our proverb says: Give a man luck and throw him into the sea.
 As a rule Easterns, I repeat, cover head and face when sleeping especially in the open air and moonlight. Europeans find the practice difficult, and can learn it only by long habit.
 Pers. = a flower-garden. In Galland, Bahram has two daughters, Bostama and Cavam a. In the Bres. Edit. the daughter is "Bostan" and the slave-girl "Kawám."
 Arab. "Kahíl"=eyes which look as if darkened with antimony: hence the name of the noble Arab breed of horses "Kuhaylat" (Al-Ajuz, etc.).
 "As'ad"=more (or most) fortunate.
 This is the vulgar belief, although Mohammed expressly disclaimed the power in the Koran (chaps. xiii. 8), "Thou art commissioned to be a preacher only and not a worker of miracles." "Signs" (Arab. Ayát) may here also mean verses of the Koran, which the Apostle of Allah held to be his standing miracles. He despised the common miracula which in the East are of everyday occurrence and are held to be easy for any holy man. Hume does not believe in miracles because he never saw one. Had he travelled in the East he would have seen (and heard of) so many that his scepticism (more likely that testimony should be false than miracles be true) would have been based on a firmer foundation. It is one of the marvels of our age that whilst two-thirds of Christendom (the Catholics and the "Orthodox" Greeks) believe in "miracles" occurring not only in ancient but even in our present days, the influential and intelligent third (Protestant) absolutely "denies the fact."
 Arab. "Al-Shahádatáni"; testifying the Unity and the


For March 2019 album releases, visit this page

This page highlights the notable singles released in all genres throughout March 2019. Each song… Read More 3/1
AJ Mitchell - "All My Friends"
​​Bea Miller & 6LACK - "it's not u it's me"
Betta Lemme - "Kick the Door"
​blackbear - "HIGH1X"
Bryce Vine - "La La Land" ft. YG
Cee Kay - "Pressure" ft. YoungBoy Never Broke Again
Chevy Woods - "Joker"
Cosmo's Midnight - "C.U.D.I. (Can U Dig It)"
Deepend - "One Thing Left To Do" ft. Hanne Mjøen
Dizzy Wright - "Champagne Service"
Ed. (DK) - "No Love"
Ellie Goulding - "Flux"
Ezri - “Fish Fillet” ft. Desiigner, SosMula
Fuego & Nicky Jam - "Good Vibes (Remix)" ft. De La Ghetto, Amenazzy & C. Tangana
Futuristic - "Fire"
Gesaffelstein - "Blast Off" ft. Pharrell Williams
Global Dan & Global Chi - "We Lit"
Hannah Jane Lewis - "Not Yours Never Was"
HoodCelebrityy - "Inside"
Jacob Latimore - "Come Over Here"
Jake Paul - I'm Single"
Jasmine Sokko - "TIRED"
Jonas Brothers - "Sucker"
Juice Wrld- "hear me calling"
Julie Bergan - "STFU"
Jupiter Project - "Summer Rollin" ft. Ryan Enzed
K.Flay - "Bad Vibes"
Kodak Black - "Pimpin' Ain't Eazy"
Lil Blurry - "Bentley" ft. RiFF RAFF
Lil Gotit - "Da Real HoodBabies"
Lil Reese - "What It Do" ft. Fredo Santana
Lil West - "No L's" ft. Yung Bans
Luke Christopher - "CALL ME BACK"
Maluma - "HP"
MARINA - "Superstar"
Martin Jensen & James Arthur - "Nobody"
Maya B - "Dollar to a Diamond"
Nafe Smallz - "Like a Film" ft. M Huncho
Noah Kahan - "Mess"
Octavian - "Bet (Remix)" ft. Michael Phantom & Skepta
Queen Key - "Can't Take It"
Rich the Kid - "4 Phones"
Rita Ora - "Only Want You (Remix)" ft. 6LACK
SAINt JHN - "Trap" ft. Lil Baby
Sigrid - "Sight of You"
Stephen Puth - "Half Gone"
Sybyr - "Asexual"
​The Him - "Tell Your Friends" ft. Loote
Timmy Trumpet - "High" ft. Lee Fields & Bliss n Eso
Tom Francis & Snoop Dogg - "Lifestyle"
Twista - "Tonite"
Zacari - "Midas Touch"
Zoey Dollaz - "Highway Full of Pain"
3/2
Chad Tepper - "Candy" ft. Lil Blurry
Toquel - "777"
3/3
ZenAware - "Mochi"
3/4
Bankroll Fresh - "Extras"
​Billie Eilish - "wish you were gay"
Nick Murphy - "Sanity"
3/5
Freddie Gibbs & Madlib - "Bandana"
Kidswaste - "Sleeping Pills" ft. KOLE
Lildaddex - "Crash My Whip"
Mac DeMarco - "Nobody"
Quelle Chris - "Straight Shot" ft. James Acaster, Eldar Djangirov, Cavalier & Bilal Salaam
Sam Sneak - "Gas" ft. Wale
The National - "You Had Your Soul with You" ft. Gail Ann Dorsey
Tierra Whack - "Gloria"
3/6
IDK - "Trigger Happy"
Lil Gotit - "Now"
Skooly - "Lil Boy Shit" ft. Lil Keed
Lil Xan - "I MIGHT" ft. YBN Almighty Jay, $teven Cannon & YBN Nahmir
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em - "10 Speed"
Stef Chura - "Method Man"
Unlike Pluto - "New Life, Who Dis?"
Yung Lean - "2 Cups"
Yung Lean - "Smirnoff Ice"
Yung Trench - "WASTED"
3/7
Angie McMahon - "Pasta"
Ava Max - "So Am I"
Charlie Heat & Denzel Curry - "Aloha"
Khalid - "My Bad"
Louis Tomlinson - "Two of Us"
Party Favor & GTA - "Work It Out"
Phora - "Don't Change"
Pouya & Boobie Lootaveli - "The Night Survives Again"
RiFF RAFF - "TiP TOE 3" ft. Chief Keef
scarlxrd - "STFU"
The Black Keys - "Lo/Hi"
3/8
88GLAM - "Lil Boat (Remix)" ft. Lil Yachty
Always Never - "Space Between"
Andy Black - "Ghost of Ohio"
Cage The Elephant - "​House of Glass"
CupcakKe - "Bird Box"
Dagny x Steve Aoki - "Hit Your Heart"
Daya - "Insomnia"
Darnell Williams - "Turbo" ft. Reese LAFLARE
Deante' Hitchcock - "Side Nigga Anthem"
DJ E Feezy - "TELL ME"
DOROTHY - "Freedom (TROY NōKA Remix)" ft. Angel Haze
DVBBS - "Somebody Like You" ft. Saro
Eliott - "Shaking My Hips"
FKJ - "Leave My Home"
flor - "slow motion"
Hardwell & Mike Williams - "I'm Not Sorry"
Hoodrich Pablo Juan - "Can't Fall N Luv" ft. Smooky MarGielaa
Jay Sean - "With You" ft. Asian Doll & Gucci Mane
J-E-T-S - "POTIONS" ft. Dawn Richard
John Newman - "Feelings"
Kiana Ledé - "EX (Remix)" ft. Lil Baby
Lil Gotit - "Drip School" ft. Lil Durk
LION BABE - "Western World" ft. Raekwon
Lost Frequencies - "Recognise" ft. Flynn
Loud Luxury - "Love No More (BROHUG Remix)" ft. anders
Luke Christopher - "FWU"
Marshmello - "Here With Me" ft. CHVRCHES
Olivia O'Brien - "Love Me (Rynx Remix)"
Prince Fox & Ellise - "Tell Me"
Robin Thicke - "That's What Love Can Do"
Sabrina Carpenter - "Pushing 20"
Salma Slims - "Seasoning"
The Chemical Brothers - "We’ve Got to Try"
Tritonal - "Diamonds" ft. Rosie Darling
Vampire Weekend - "Flower Moon" ft. Steve Lacy
Yandel - "Que No Acabe"
YBN Cordae - "Have Mercy"
Zolita - "Black Magic"
3/10
Shura - "BKLYNLDN"
3/11
Arcade Fire - "Baby Mine"
Beast Coast - "Left Hand" ft. Joey Bada$$, Flatbush Zombies, The Underachievers, Kirk Knight, Nyck Caution & CJ Fly
Brad Paisley - "My Miracle"
Lil Gotit - "Drop the Top"
Melii - "Who Changed"
3/12
AJR - "Birthday Party"
Lil Cobaine - "719" ft. Yung Pinch
Ted Park - "Ugly"
Tierra Whack - "Wasteland"
3/13
​blackbear - "SWEAR TO GOD"
Jon Z & Enrique Iglesias "DESPUES QUE TE PERDI"
​girl in red - "i need to be alone."
TYuS‌ - "Everyday's Gonna Rain"
Unlike Pluto - "Closed Loop"
Warhol.ss - "Wake Up"
3/14
Ballout - "Sending Nudes" ft. Chief Keef
Darko - "Friends"
Gus Dapperton - "Fill Me Up Anthem"
ILL BILL - "Hulk Meat" ft. Goretex
Kygo - "Think About You" ft. Valerie Broussard
Lauv & Troye Sivan - "​i'm so tired... (Stripped - Live in LA)"
LSD - "No New Friends"
Rauw Alejandro & Chencho Corleone - "El Efecto"
Sean Paul - "Contra La Pared"
3/15
199∞ - "Real Love"
03 Greedo & Mustard - "Wasted"
Afrojack - "Sober" ft. Rae Sremmurd, Stanaj
Alex Sensation - "Be Mine"
Alok, Felix Jaehn & The Vamps - "All the Lies"
Anderson .Paak - "King James"
Armin van Buuren - "Turn It Up"
Billie Marten - "Betsy"
Birdman & Juvenile - "Dreams" ft. NLE Choppa
BLAKE - "Hot Sauce"
Carnage - "Letting People Go" ft. Prinze George
Cheat Codes & Daniel Blume - "Who's Got Your Love"
Christian Paul - "When Love Don't Love You Back"
Crywolf - "FAWN"
Donkeyboy - "Think You Should" ft. Linnea Dale
Emeli Sandé - "Sparrow"
Grace VanderWaal - "Hideaway"
GRiZ - "Find My Own Way" ft. Wiz Khalifa
HRVY - "Told You So"
Hyphen Hyphen - "Lonely Baby (Remix)" ft. Kiiara
Iggy Azalea - "Sally Walker"
ImDontai - "SAB"
Jai Wolf - "This Song Reminds Me Of You"
Jake Miller - "NIKES"
Jeremy Zucker & Bea Miller - "comethru (remix)"
Joey Trap - "Microwave"
Juliander - "Nervous"
Lil Keed - "Move It" ft. Offset
Lil Mosey - "Bust Down Cartier"
Luke Christopher - "HAPPY"
Mario - "Care for You (Single)"
MISSIO - "I See You"
Neek Bucks - "Energy" ft. Lil Durk
Nessly - "Freezing Cold" ft. Yung Bans & KILLY
Nikki Vianna & Matoma - "When You Leave"
​nothing,nowhere. - "Call back"
OG Maco - "Reach"
Plastic Toy & DJ Snake - "Try Me"
Post Malone - "Wow. (Remix)" ft. Roddy Ricch & Tyga
Quando Rondo - "Scarred From Love"
Rich the Kid & Tory Lanez - "Tic Toc"
ScHoolboy Q - "Numb Numb Juice"
SG Lewis & Clairo - "Throwaway"
Shy Glizzy - "Volcano"
Social Club Misfits - "Que lo Que"
Sofía Reyes - "R.I.P."
The Aston Shuffle - "Now Or Never"
THEMXXNLIGHT - "Faded"
Tory Lanez - "Freaky"
VASSY - "Concrete Heart"
Vegedream - "Instagram"
Yelawolf - "Trunk Muzik Intro"
Yella Beezy, Quavo & Gucci Mane - "Bacc At It Again"
Young Money Yawn - "You Heard Now" ft. DaBaby
Yung Garzi - "Finer Things"
3/16
BZZY - "Breaking Bad"
3/18
Comethazine & A$AP Rocky - "Walk" (Remix)
Dean Lewis - "Stay Awake"
Two Door Cinema Club - "Talk"
3/19
Tierra Whack - "Unemployed"
3/20
Fitz and The Tantrums - "123456"
Injury Reserve - "Jailbreak the Tesla" ft. Aminé
Lizzo - "Tempo" ft. Missy Elliott
Tommy Genesis - "Rainbow" (Maliibu Miitch Remix)
Unlike Pluto - "Illusion"
Why Don't We & Macklemore - "I Don't Belong In This Club"
3/21
Alan Walker - "On My Way" ft. Sabrina Carpenter & Farruko
Dounia - "Lowkey GRL"
Melii - "Fresh Air"
PnB Rock - "I Like Girls" ft. Lil Skies
Steel Banglez - "Fashion Week" ft. MoStack & AJ Tracey
3/22
Aaron Carpenter - "Attitude"
Alessia Cara "Out of Love (Devault Remix)"
Becky G - "Green Light Go"
BJ the Chicago Kid - "Close"
Ced Escobar - "Body Bag" ft. YoungBoy Never Broke Again & WNC Whop Bezzy
DJ Snake & Eptic - "SouthSide"
Dynoro & Ina Wroldsen - "Obsessed"
Foster the People - "Style"
Glowie - "Cruel"
Gorgon City - "Delicious"
ILLENIUM - "Pray" ft. Kameron Alexander
In Real Life - "Crazy AF"
Jacquees - "Your Peace" ft. Lil Baby
Jaden Smith - "Watch Me (Remix)"
JayDaYoungan - "Repo"
Jonas Blue - "What I Like About You" ft. Theresa Rex
JOYRYDE - "YUCK" ft. GOLD
Kailee Morgue - "Headcase" ft. Hayley Kiyoko
KREAM - "Edit You" ft. Stela Cole
Lil Duval - "Pull Up (Remix)" ft. Ty Dolla $ign & 2 Chainz
Liv Dawson - "Pushing 21"
Logic - "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind"
Loote - "85%" ft. gnash
Luke Christopher - "THE ONLY ONE"
Marina - "Orange Trees"
Megan Thee Stallion - "Sex Talk"
Molly Hammar - "No Place Like Me" ft. Big Narstie
Naughty Boy, Calum Scott & Shenseea - "Undo"
Nicky Jam & Ozuna - "Te Robaré"
NLE Choppa - "Capo"
Pia Mia - "Bitter Love"
Pink Sweat$ - "Coke & Henny Pt. 1"
Pivot Gang - "Studio Ground Rules" ft. MFnMelo, Frsh Waters & Saba
PNL - "Au DD"
Ryan Trey - "Nowhere To Run" ft. Bryson Tiller
Sara Bareilles - "Saint Honesty"
Sebastián Yatra - "Cristina"
SJUR - "Back To Life" ft. Brandyn Burnette
SNBRN - "Feel My Love"
Sofi Tukker - "Fantasy"
Steve Aoki & MONSTA X - "Play it Cool"
Tame Impala - "Patience"
The Chainsmokers & 5 Seconds of Summer - "Who Do You Love (R3HAB Remix)"
Tommy Genesis - "You Know Me (MadeinTYO Remix)" ft. MadeinTYO
Whipped Cream - "Time" ft. DeathbyRomy
Yelawolf - "Catfish Billy 2"
Yung Trench - "Time Flies"
3/24
FTC - "The Money Man"
3/25
Kid Bookie - "Stuck In My Ways" ft. Corey Taylor
KILL.ZERO - "i'm starting to hate you.."
Lil Xan - "Bloody Nose"
Montana Of 300 - "Middle Child (Remix)"
​​wifisfuneral - "NO TRUST"
3/26
Col3trane - "Superpowers" ft. GoldLink
Louise - "Stretch"
ReptileLegit - "all he sees are blurs"
Yung Trench - "ALL BAD"
3/27
03 Greedo - "Trap House" ft. Shoreline Mafia
0-600 & Neo Pistéa - "Tumbando el Club (Remix)" ft. Cazzu, Obie WanShot, Khea, Duki, Ysy A, Lucho SSJ, C.R.O (Bardero$), Marcianos Crew & Coqeéin Montana
Diplo - "Bubble Up"
Diplo - "Hold You Tight"
Flume - "Friends" ft. Reo Cragun
Gryffin & Slander - "All You Need To Know"
HONNE - "Crying Over You (Remix)" ft. RM & Beka
Jack Larsen - "Attack"
Jon Batiste - "Don't Stop" (Spotify Singles)
Jon Batiste - "Changes"
Kelly Clarkson - "Broken & Beautiful"
Sky Ferreira - "Downhill Lullaby"
Unlike Pluto - "Adios"
Yungeen Ace - "So Long"
3/28
Ciara - "Thinkin' Bout You"
DUCKWRTH - "UNSTATUS QUO"
Europa & Madison Beer - "All Day and Night"
Faouzia - "Born Without a Heart"
G-Eazy & Blueface - "West Coast (Remix)" ft. ALLBLACK & YG
Khalid - "Self"
Lil Uzi Vert - "Free Uzi"
NGHTMRE & A$AP Ferg - "REDLIGHT"
P!NK - "Hustle"
ROSALÍA & J Balvin - "Con Altura" ft. El Guincho
The Boyboy West Coast - "Bottoms Up (Ramriddlz Remix)" ft. Ramriddlz
YONAKA - "Lose Our Heads"
YungManny - "All My Guys Are Ballers"
3/29
Bassnectar & PEEKABOO - "Illusion" ft. Born I
Becky Hill & Weiss - "I Could Get Used to This"
blackbear - "HATE MY GUTS"
Blake Shelton - "God's Country"
Brooke Candy - "Happy"
DallasK & Nicky Romero - "Sometimes" ft. XYLØ
Dillon Francis - "Change Your Mind" ft. ​lovelytheband
Dog Blood - "Turn Off the Lights"
Flume - "Friends" ft. Reo Cragun
Frank Walker & Astrid S - "Only When It Rains"
FXXXXY - "Easy"
Hex Cougar - "Evil Like Me"
Jai Wolf - "Better Apart" ft. Dresage
Kane Brown & Becky G - "Lost in the Middle of Nowhere (Spanish Remix)"
Lil Boom - "Yoshi's Island" ft. MrHeadA$$Trendy
ohtrapstar - "100BRICKS"
ohtrapstar - "ALL I WANT"
Otto Knows & Klahr - "Something For Nothing"
RiFF RAFF - "WHAT DOES iT MEAN TO BE A QUEEN"
Sam Feldt & Yves V - "One Day" ft. ROZES
Sigma - "Here We Go Again" ft. Louisa
The Chainsmokers - "Kills You Slowly"
Tiesto & Mesto - "Can't Get Enough"
Westlife - "Better Man"
Tray Plus - "We Want Smoke" ft. JayDaYoungan & YNW Melly
Ugly God - “Hello” ft. Lil Pump
Whethan & Bearson - "Win You Over" ft. SOAK
Zara Larsson - "Don't Worry Bout Me"
3/30
Elon Musk - “RIP Harambe”
Galaxy Goats - "U Was At The Club (Bottoms Up Minecraft Parody)"
Lil Tracy - "​this is it chief (hey uzi we love you and wish you could drop music)"
3/31
Martin Garrix & Matisse and Sadko - "Mistaken" ft. Alex Aris
PewDiePie - “Congratulations” ft. Roomie, Boyinaband
TBA
Yella Beezy - "Rich MF" ft. Pharrell 

Well, thank you, could I drink you a buy?
Oh, listen to me, what I mean is can I buy you a drink?
Anything you please
Oh, you're welcome, well, I don't think I caught your name
Are you waiting for someone to meet you here?
Well, that makes two of us, glad you came

No, I don't know the name of the band, but they're good
Aren't they, would you like to dance?
Yeah, I like this song too, it reminds me of you and me
Baby, do you think there is a chance
That later on I could drive you home?
No, I do not mind at all
Oh, I like you too, and to tell you the truth
That wasn't my chair after all
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
Oh, I like you too, and to tell you the truth
That wasn't my chair after 

But if I know me, I'll turn this car around
I won't get halfway through town, and I'll be sorry
I'll stop and call, and you'll say you're sorry too
And I'll come running back to you, if I know me

Sometimes I lose my head, say things to break your heart
Forgetting if I lost your love, it would tear my world apart
If I know you, you didn't mean one single thing you said
Truth be known, you're dying, crying, lying there in bed

But if I know me, I'll turn this car around
I won't get halfway through town, and I'll be sorry
I'll stop and call, and you'll say you're sorry too
And I'll come running back to you, if I know me

If I know me, and I know meSee George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also 

Baby, write this down, take a little note
To remind you in case you didn't know
Tell yourself I love you and I don't want you to go
Write this down
Take my words and read them every day
Keep them close by, don't you let them fade away
So you'll remember what I forgot to say
Write this down

I'll sign it at the bottom of the page
I'll swear under oath
Cause every single word is true
And I think you need to know
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also likeSo use it as a bookmark
Stick it on your refrigerator door
Hang it in a picture frame up above the mantel
Where you'll see it for sure


You can find a chisel, I can find a stone
Folks will be reading these words long after we're gone

Oh, I love you and I don't want you to go
Baby, write this 

I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era
Dating back to forever, the warrior became protector
Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them
I summon them, speaking in tongues again
Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings
The conductor brings the drums in, finger trigger the drum kit
Other MCs be nervous or something
Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop justice, rappers are captured and punished
Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive?
I repeat in a revised order
My skull is a submarine hull
Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp
My mind dives deep beneath yours
Poseidon trident seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force
Marinaras Trench detour to Ultima Thule, let me explain what my sonar saw
Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the open seas at U-Boat speed
Beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be
Industrialists, civilians women and children directly
Military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings
Membership is based off your raw intelligence
400 screen video editing with hard evidence
The clinical professor of rhymes from Pepperdine
Co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs
The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing
The results were blinding, lyrics, timing
Shut the fuck up and stop whining
Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing
Swimming naked in the open, a lone shark circles me
Instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me
I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully
Next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Under an assumed identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy
USA made, field grade steel face
Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace
I am not here to negotiate
Eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database
No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge
His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance
This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident
I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it
Judge me fairly
Compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory
Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready?
I'll need a volunteer, do I have any?
Next year I'll get my SPINGS, a master space badge
After that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft
Most of you will never understand what I mean
My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes
Worm screw elevators descending to the bottom of the volcano crater
Inside the Devil's chamber
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined
They will not be allowed to see the rhymes
What ought to crawl has learned to walk
One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought
I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp
We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park
The whirlpool of gravity traps me
Still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy
Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically
Negative time produces antigravity
Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass
The Teleological Dynamic will enhance
Watch me wet up your weed then bust up you teeth
Make you run for your life like there's a bus up the street
The Dr. and I would meet at 29 palms Joshua street
I always had a lot to debrief
Killing my health, killing myself
Rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt
Modifying the weather from behind a weather shield
Writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill
The woman who is there, she will take care of you
With Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu
Rap music profession immunosuppressants
One question per second, One answer per session
Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me
Ain't nothing changed me since 1980
Involuntary catalepsy, battle me baby
1000 Bars nigga, after that maybe
Murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills
Williams was real ill, but now I chill
An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal
I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers
Raptors, Comanches, Strykers, Cobras
Back at the TOC with G.W. Prescott
Grid location missile lock lift up the block
I gotta spit 'til the story is told
It's a gift, this story is a part of my soul
We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home
If we destroy Mother Earth, then where we gon' go?
Starving in destitution, dying for retribution
Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid?
Why would you not force yourself to make better music?
Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance
Like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it
I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it
I control their movements with lariats
Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft craft lover
Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming"
I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it
I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming
Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme
To create product of an applied mind
They say we're divided, I say we're small minded
Right after I said it I moved to a small island
There was no contingency plan given to me
Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me
Swear your allegiance, the tuition is free
To be a mini me version with minor abilities
7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified
Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind
At the observatory summit of Mt. Graham
Looking through this starlight scope in my hand
Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics
Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision
If A is a success in life
Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt
If work equals X and play equals Y
Then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth
Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing
By summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing
From the Kinetic to the Energetic
To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance
I need to be alone
You cannot comfort me like my poems
1000 BARS put me in the zone
The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books
I ran back home to hide mine in the woods
Salute, I would like to propose this next toast
To maturation barrels I carved from French Oak
The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow
I might get drunk and boast
Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary
Which one of us will sing Hail Mary?
Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance
But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring
Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough
I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough
The facts too acute to repute, or debate
My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape
My dream was identical seven nights in a row
I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone
The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening
Where am I trying to go with this?
Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about
We must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it
All the parents want to do is look at the body but
It won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy
A good psychological environment for science
I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet
Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture
As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber
This is my unacknowledged special access project
Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics
The coral reef is changing from green to amber
Scientist scramble to come up with new answers
The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit
But I'm unprepared to take action just like you
The innate need for Canibus to be professional
Make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you
Greetings and salutations, my equations are inundated with information
Electro cranial stimulation
Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate
Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation
Man Made Membrane roofing remediation
Any and ALL entry points have immigration
One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my
Muscles were quite subtle
I do what I want to do, I have always been that way
Because I have always thinked that way
Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer
Poet Laureate is the future
Pulsating lights and sounds surrounds spirits
Binaural Beats, layered underneath lyrics
250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing
The electrical optical coupling Gear is effective
88 Kilometres above the planet
My rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding
The Gods began to call me, I looked up
Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak
The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington
Himself, GW I'm positive it's him
I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing
Spend the whole night out binge drinking
Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting
First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why?
Weed is now legalized are you high?
Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates
Be my guest keep trying
The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt
But not before I start cursing first
Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast
If you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass
Gather the evidence, then give it to the President
Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190
A lamp with no electrode will not glow
We need some new bright ideas that we did not know
You cannot fold under the political pressure
You must take prudent and precautionary measures
I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign
I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time
A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead
Every colour in America bled
Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences
You'll never reach the end of it, 200
Fire and forget, rhyme for respect
I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate
The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis
And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this
They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it
With passion of a Microphone Patriot
Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer
My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover
The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you
But I declined cause I'm familiar what greed can do
I can not lose or win
I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King
Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge
Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done
Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share
About the space serpents flying around in the troposphere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This never been done before in history

I spit at a thousand KIPS, kilo tons of pressure
Every letter is measured in such a way you will remember
December, 21st 2012 is the code
It was placed on the sunstone to puzzle them
Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching
I better have some results by the months end
Really, Deep Blue computes deeply and does it
What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers
In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava
A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper
My skull is a submarine hull
I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls
The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my
Crew were injured every tour
We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us
All what we needed, we were wrong
Canibus is notably known Globally
My verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat
Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress
Not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady
You can't contend with this when I let it rip
Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis
The sublime chakra one thru nine
Thru the spine induce the rhyme
Internal fire produces the high
Recite 33 3's 33 times
For 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles
Ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes
Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it
Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy
Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me
From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets
To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach
Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency
I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury
The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate
Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate
Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape
As I co-create rap, 30
Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance
Smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice
The target appears in brackets, I attack it
Access then egress then quit this rap shit
Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry
Finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility
They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me
By being mad at me they commit microphone heresy
I am still the Master
As handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker
Call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem
The microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime
Planet Rock Supreme
Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar
Then something they call a Maser
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes
Controlling my heart, controlling my mind
Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord
I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored
My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs
Respond to me and I will answer to your call
Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality
That's how it has to be
In front of me, on both sides and in back of me
I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery
The chain of command blames the unseen hand
The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan
I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me
Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60
Sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably
They begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see
My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt
I was transformed into a spirit with no shell
I could move about freely, I rose & I fell
The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell
Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias
Words blinking like the text edit cursor
My sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it
Layer upon layer upon layer unedited
You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy!
The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week
Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal
External vision, every lyric got a wormhole in it
Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real
My sigil is the double headed eagle seal
Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel
We work we hurt we search we feel
The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics
Circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas
Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this
A true master at the masters in focus
In my time of need, I am not alone
I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb
Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical
Made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you
My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano
I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you
Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing
I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement
The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet
Underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic
Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler
Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover
If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish
It might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it
Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign
Therefore I rhyme for all time
Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design
But poetry continues outside the timeline
Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me
But they would've been better off killing me
Theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me
With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry
Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes
Patent number 4686605
Sound pours out of the ground across the land
Jethro Tull was mauled by the god called Pan
Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition
Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen
To you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not
If I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop
Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide
Why swim or walk when I can glide?
Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for sky diving
My call sign is Flying Wing
An impossible profession
St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message
Now you may go
You have graduated, now you may know
Tell the world exactly what you were shown
Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck
Countdown 48 more months
Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo
Gotta' find a way to generate doe
Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show
Why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold?
Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly
Proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually
Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ
But they should be more important
The diaphragm, the thymus
Activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras
You get the Guantanamo Bay, the Alcatraz way
You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay!
I steady my approach, this supposed to be a no fly zone
Black sheep squadron with strobe light hoes
The hurricane's eye's open
Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean
I figured out, how to save water in a drought
If we save the right amount I know we can make it out
The ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy?
The quantum biology biopsy
My austere designs are so ahead of their time
Even when you press rewind your still left behind
Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana
In a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama
Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence
Don't be a bitch nigga you started it
On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet
Drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics
Scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal
Viable style it's like trying to ride a bull
The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel
Of syllables that made me invincible
Am I a mad man or a mason? A patriot or a pagan?
West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons
The propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated
I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements
Battle Rap is just aimless entertainment
Second Round Knockout was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters
My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted
My heart kept pumping, I had to do something
I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase
Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze"
Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing
But Poet Laureate is my New Shit!
Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping
But right now my image stands still in a prism
My light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it
The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing
Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a
Fathers job is so challenging
My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease
You can't Emcee take a seat
What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk?
If you ever leave you'll be missed
I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes
Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah....
That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks
A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies
And try to keep your ears on my rhymes
A magic reminder that the fire will not expire
Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired
The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward
Now I see inside the Earth
I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass
But it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas
You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect"
Is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES!
I hold Hip Hop responsible
Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles
Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever
I made these bars so you could ALL remember
The illest MC to put it all on the line
My career was crucified but I'm still alive
Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds
"resistance is futile" they said
I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again
So intimate when I write it's a sin, 200
My electromagnetic rap flytrap
There's no way Earth you can get around that
This is a no brainer, stop the complaining
If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it
Pages upon pages everything I've created
The bar was below basic, I had to raise it
I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers
I did it for the world to discover
My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal
Progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210
Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix
So your not what you think
Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum
The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want
Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs
I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years
Poet Laureate Infinity
I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in history

Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper
I did this separate imagine what we could do together
Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering
Was it done by a prophet? It must have been, who was it then
Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded
Many utter the name but very few love him
33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers
Insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest
The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it?
I call it my unacknowledged special access project
My skull is a submarine hull
In a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall
Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors
The vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10
The power to control thoughts however remotely
Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry"
The results from SETI, very interesting
I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing
My team was credited, we turned over the evidence
But not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President
Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes
FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry
Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes
Without trying you can shift your mind
Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides
Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine
Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20
Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me
Polyester pants, big fat ass
I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class
My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too
Why am I talking about this to you?
One day this will be known for now I must wait
I still love them both, and I never forget a face
At the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves
Then there was greater way I learned at a later date
The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30
Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed
Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice
When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress
It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me
I know my history, but what could that mean specifically?
The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep
I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet
A Clairvoyant Technique
Using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future
I can see past it, 40
But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team
They say it's more than a dream
Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers
Electromagnetic Scalars
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie
If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai
Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn
Spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50
I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch
It was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked
You wanna stand there and talk?
The blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon!
It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling
But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling
Observe a man who has a third DNA strand
Or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced
I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly
The roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60
I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me
Cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy
What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self?
Few of the same ilk have known what I felt
There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself"
Before one can know the world so I showed myself
The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle
Yo, I need to stop smoking purple
Requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts
Who know how to manipulate my message, 70
You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat
Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak
If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive
Please explain my complete life story to my children
Photo stills of the cryospill
Solarized film revealed there was a biofield
Fuck a record deal, my training is real
Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel
Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters
There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80
Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops
Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops
Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do
These are the tones that will activate the ohms
No telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you
It would be a miracle if I was merciful
Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom?
Furniture moves when I walk into a room
STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER
Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90
Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin
I don't know what he does for a living ask him
I kneel before Congress and beg for money
Submitting specifics about the operation I'm running
You gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit
"Never heard of it", no details are public
The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine
Increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time
Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines
And by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100
I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli
Physically this mission objective is killing me
I submit to the will of the creator willingly
The possibilities present a probable infinity
I looked into LL's eyes we both cried
Meteors immediately fell from the skies
I've apologized but I can't change who I am
I can change future, can't budge the past
Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic
Only fake niggas catch feelings over silly shit, 110
SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox
Williams! How many kills you got?
The uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky
They only time they notice the difference is when we die
Is dying a wise thing? What about trying?
What about our family members back home crying?
Man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc
George Lucas showed me a full size replica
We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA
5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah
He passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120
I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS
MOSES is a new weapon system secret code
CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose
The jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!"
All right men this is what we train for
Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low
Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me
The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me
Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman
Tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130
[Not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush
The rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,]
The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace
Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8
Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know?
When you finally get there, where will you go?
This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking
Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken
Only the chosen find a way out
Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140
Satellites watch me they think they got me
Right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me
Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening
Striking blind, what it struck was frying
Comparative image sharpness between all artists
I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in
I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner
If you are still worshipping money, you are Godless
Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth
The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150
Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E
I take shelter in an old Missile Silo
Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle
With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal
Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying?
Discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it
Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated?
Try to find out more information
The internal atheist outside the MATRIX
Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this"
She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't
I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin
"A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves"
Washington didn't say it quite that way
But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming
Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit!
The message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine"
Professor keep heading East to the Best Western
Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction
"Start Session point 666 arc seconds"
The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it
Concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it
Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast"
Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak
You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit
I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk
A change is beginning every molecule is spinning
Lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it?
Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror
With flawless error, like that forever
Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180
Are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm
We can find them but they can't find us
Just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes
I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it
You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it
The daughters of man locked in prison camps
With the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance
At least we notice damage, what do we expect
The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190
But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical
You must've been kicked the fuck out of school
Always remember the Reptilian agenda
"No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre
I found fluoride in my water supply
At the time I felt a total apathy towards dying
The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head
I was told to memorize what I was said
"With this salt I consecrate this water
May whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM"
"With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that
It will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no
Regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE
I accept all cultures colours creeds and races
Life is Life no taxonomical classification
No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing
It's never that easy you just gotta trust it
A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth
The Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you
There is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength
Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link
Even if I am in a minority of one
The truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun
My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired
If you disagree with me then yours isn't there

I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure
I only record it once you listen to it forever
The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive
Human Hominids fishing for compliments
Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something
Above ground running not underground covered
Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it
The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS"
The aura describes the forces
I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward
My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song
Creating basketball size hailstorms
Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall
With surface permutation of the permafrost
My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off
I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost
Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry
Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me
Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting
Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing
Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic
A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America
Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed
I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly
22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes
Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time
Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect
You been a success but what do he get?
Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me
But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me
The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me
They aren't worthy of a word from me
I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too
Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through
It drives me insane when a woman wears lace
The current gene structure is 46 pair based
Her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an
Airbase, on a clear day
Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up
I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch
Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist
I like to role play but I only play masculine
Victory over injury a victim to misery
The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery
I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft
Even my photo ID don't look like me
The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers
I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion
Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M
Another fucking acronym, just what I need
Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes
As worthless as my junk mail is
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe
Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try
In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad
I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm
Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost
Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart
Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality
But what is attracting me?
The overseer of poetic antiquity
The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me
Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan
They have enlightened me thru song to understand
The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me
Truly there is too much to see
I'll mix one for you, then one for me
I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed
A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well
The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well
Conflicted and confused but completely compelled
To celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012
I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible
If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle
In a newly ordered world living in shit
No matter how good or poor your English is
You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy!
Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G
E-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my precious mother gave me
The world came to know me as Sir William
The man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest
Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself
I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details
Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but
The secret to creativity is hiding your sources
Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ
Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage
Pray for the families that want them home
Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes
Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope
Who have lost their point, who have lost their own
Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you
Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice
Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer
Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover
Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes
Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets
From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage
Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public
President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit
That's right, you can take this job and shove it
I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die
Brewing hot tea with honey and lime
How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling
1-800-RoadRage, Start dialing
The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat
You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech
Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds
Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs
Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign
In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside
How does one ever really perfect such a craft?
You're obliged by your curiosity to ask
Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics
My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious
Test driving my principle findings
By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out
A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing
Was the hardest part to figure out
Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain
And everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying
I heard this before, I can't remember who said it
We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second
Straight out the freak show no pre-show
Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow
VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book
You should know this even though it concern the showbiz
Because when in Rome, walk as a Roman
Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice
Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice
A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys
Readapted from a crashed asteroid
My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need
The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds
After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement
The same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants
Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun
Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one
My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base
Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space
Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios
A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go
All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing
Matter fact they have no constituent function
Mix this record different, you'll hear me call names out
It's played out but there must be alternative routes
The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy
A human being is not anybody's property
Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment
Is much easier said than done, if your trying it
Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster
I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers
Integrated in an existing clothing ensemble
My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment
The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it
My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert
If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do
I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew
Creatively I have never been to this level
First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel
Password please have patience verification
I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?"
Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station
Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them
Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation
Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation
Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running
I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming
The rhymes are in place, General George Case
And Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste
Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix
For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix
My father is Jamaican, my mother is British
Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish
ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing
I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing
On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence
Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant
Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see
Broke niggas never promote peace
Suzanne Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis
Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs
I rip shit consistent spit persistent
The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness
I'm lost, what version is this?
Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art
But coming from my own heart
Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing
Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing
Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt
Several miles deep underneath the Earth
The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab
Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft
Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend
I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190
We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole
I'm glad I'm the last to go
Zionism the answer to your uncensored question
Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren
Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind
Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme
Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds
That subsequently pinch your leg
You feel like your an inch from being dead
But you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head
Fire for effect, smoke out then rest
Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this
I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy
Cause that's what you made me
Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety
And I still made time for the ladies
Ceiling visibility unlimited
A lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp
I'm a killer pimp
Somebody Hip Hop don't need me
Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210
Me and Baby got the same name
We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane
At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun
I just have a few words for everyone
Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer
From this moment Hip Hop is united everywhere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in 

I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era
Dating back to forever, the warrior became protector
Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them
I summon them, speaking in tongues again
Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings
The conductor brings the drums in, finger trigger the drum kit
Other MCs be nervous or something
Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop justice, rappers are captured and punished
Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive?
I repeat in a revised order
My skull is a submarine hull
Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp
My mind dives deep beneath yours
Poseidon trident seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force
Marinaras Trench detour to Ultima Thule, let me explain what my sonar saw
Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the open seas at U-Boat speed
Beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be
Industrialists, civilians women and children directly
Military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings
Membership is based off your raw intelligence
400 screen video editing with hard evidence
The clinical professor of rhymes from Pepperdine
Co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs
The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing
The results were blinding, lyrics, timing
Shut the fuck up and stop whining
Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing
Swimming naked in the open, a lone shark circles me
Instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me
I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully
Next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Under an assumed identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy
USA made, field grade steel face
Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace
I am not here to negotiate
Eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database
No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge
His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance
This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident
I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it
Judge me fairly
Compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory
Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready?
I'll need a volunteer, do I have any?
Next year I'll get my SPINGS, a master space badge
After that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft
Most of you will never understand what I mean
My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes
Worm screw elevators descending to the bottom of the volcano crater
Inside the Devil's chamber
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined
They will not be allowed to see the rhymes
What ought to crawl has learned to walk
One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought
I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp
We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park
The whirlpool of gravity traps me
Still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy
Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically
Negative time produces antigravity
Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass
The Teleological Dynamic will enhance
Watch me wet up your weed then bust up you teeth
Make you run for your life like there's a bus up the street
The Dr. and I would meet at 29 palms Joshua street
I always had a lot to debrief
Killing my health, killing myself
Rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt
Modifying the weather from behind a weather shield
Writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill
The woman who is there, she will take care of you
With Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu
Rap music profession immunosuppressants
One question per second, One answer per session
Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me
Ain't nothing changed me since 1980
Involuntary catalepsy, battle me baby
1000 Bars nigga, after that maybe
Murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills
Williams was real ill, but now I chill
An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal
I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers
Raptors, Comanches, Strykers, Cobras
Back at the TOC with G.W. Prescott
Grid location missile lock lift up the block
I gotta spit 'til the story is told
It's a gift, this story is a part of my soul
We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home
If we destroy Mother Earth, then where we gon' go?
Starving in destitution, dying for retribution
Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid?
Why would you not force yourself to make better music?
Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance
Like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it
I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it
I control their movements with lariats
Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft craft lover
Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming"
I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it
I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming
Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme
To create product of an applied mind
They say we're divided, I say we're small minded
Right after I said it I moved to a small island
There was no contingency plan given to me
Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me
Swear your allegiance, the tuition is free
To be a mini me version with minor abilities
7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified
Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind
At the observatory summit of Mt. Graham
Looking through this starlight scope in my hand
Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics
Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision
If A is a success in life
Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt
If work equals X and play equals Y
Then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth
Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing
By summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing
From the Kinetic to the Energetic
To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance
I need to be alone
You cannot comfort me like my poems
1000 BARS put me in the zone
The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books
I ran back home to hide mine in the woods
Salute, I would like to propose this next toast
To maturation barrels I carved from French Oak
The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow
I might get drunk and boast
Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary
Which one of us will sing Hail Mary?
Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance
But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring
Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough
I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough
The facts too acute to repute, or debate
My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape
My dream was identical seven nights in a row
I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone
The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening
Where am I trying to go with this?
Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about
We must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it
All the parents want to do is look at the body but
It won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy
A good psychological environment for science
I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet
Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture
As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber
This is my unacknowledged special access project
Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics
The coral reef is changing from green to amber
Scientist scramble to come up with new answers
The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit
But I'm unprepared to take action just like you
The innate need for Canibus to be professional
Make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you
Greetings and salutations, my equations are inundated with information
Electro cranial stimulation
Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate
Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation
Man Made Membrane roofing remediation
Any and ALL entry points have immigration
One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my
Muscles were quite subtle
I do what I want to do, I have always been that way
Because I have always thinked that way
Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer
Poet Laureate is the future
Pulsating lights and sounds surrounds spirits
Binaural Beats, layered underneath lyrics
250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing
The electrical optical coupling Gear is effective
88 Kilometres above the planet
My rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding
The Gods began to call me, I looked up
Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak
The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington
Himself, GW I'm positive it's him
I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing
Spend the whole night out binge drinking
Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting
First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why?
Weed is now legalized are you high?
Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates
Be my guest keep trying
The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt
But not before I start cursing first
Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast
If you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass
Gather the evidence, then give it to the President
Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190
A lamp with no electrode will not glow
We need some new bright ideas that we did not know
You cannot fold under the political pressure
You must take prudent and precautionary measures
I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign
I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time
A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead
Every colour in America bled
Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences
You'll never reach the end of it, 200
Fire and forget, rhyme for respect
I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate
The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis
And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this
They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it
With passion of a Microphone Patriot
Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer
My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover
The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you
But I declined cause I'm familiar what greed can do
I can not lose or win
I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King
Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge
Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done
Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share
About the space serpents flying around in the troposphere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This never been done before in history

I spit at a thousand KIPS, kilo tons of pressure
Every letter is measured in such a way you will remember
December, 21st 2012 is the code
It was placed on the sunstone to puzzle them
Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching
I better have some results by the months end
Really, Deep Blue computes deeply and does it
What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers
In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava
A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper
My skull is a submarine hull
I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls
The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my
Crew were injured every tour
We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us
All what we needed, we were wrong
Canibus is notably known Globally
My verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat
Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress
Not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady
You can't contend with this when I let it rip
Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis
The sublime chakra one thru nine
Thru the spine induce the rhyme
Internal fire produces the high
Recite 33 3's 33 times
For 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles
Ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes
Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it
Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy
Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me
From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets
To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach
Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency
I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury
The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate
Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate
Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape
As I co-create rap, 30
Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance
Smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice
The target appears in brackets, I attack it
Access then egress then quit this rap shit
Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry
Finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility
They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me
By being mad at me they commit microphone heresy
I am still the Master
As handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker
Call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem
The microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime
Planet Rock Supreme
Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar
Then something they call a Maser
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes
Controlling my heart, controlling my mind
Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord
I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored
My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs
Respond to me and I will answer to your call
Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality
That's how it has to be
In front of me, on both sides and in back of me
I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery
The chain of command blames the unseen hand
The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan
I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me
Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60
Sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably
They begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see
My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt
I was transformed into a spirit with no shell
I could move about freely, I rose & I fell
The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell
Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias
Words blinking like the text edit cursor
My sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it
Layer upon layer upon layer unedited
You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy!
The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week
Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal
External vision, every lyric got a wormhole in it
Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real
My sigil is the double headed eagle seal
Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel
We work we hurt we search we feel
The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics
Circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas
Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this
A true master at the masters in focus
In my time of need, I am not alone
I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb
Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical
Made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you
My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano
I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you
Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing
I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement
The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet
Underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic
Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler
Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover
If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish
It might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it
Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign
Therefore I rhyme for all time
Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design
But poetry continues outside the timeline
Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me
But they would've been better off killing me
Theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me
With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry
Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes
Patent number 4686605
Sound pours out of the ground across the land
Jethro Tull was mauled by the god called Pan
Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition
Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen
To you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not
If I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop
Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide
Why swim or walk when I can glide?
Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for sky diving
My call sign is Flying Wing
An impossible profession
St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message
Now you may go
You have graduated, now you may know
Tell the world exactly what you were shown
Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck
Countdown 48 more months
Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo
Gotta' find a way to generate doe
Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show
Why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold?
Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly
Proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually
Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ
But they should be more important
The diaphragm, the thymus
Activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras
You get the Guantanamo Bay, the Alcatraz way
You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay!
I steady my approach, this supposed to be a no fly zone
Black sheep squadron with strobe light hoes
The hurricane's eye's open
Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean
I figured out, how to save water in a drought
If we save the right amount I know we can make it out
The ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy?
The quantum biology biopsy
My austere designs are so ahead of their time
Even when you press rewind your still left behind
Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana
In a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama
Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence
Don't be a bitch nigga you started it
On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet
Drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics
Scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal
Viable style it's like trying to ride a bull
The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel
Of syllables that made me invincible
Am I a mad man or a mason? A patriot or a pagan?
West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons
The propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated
I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements
Battle Rap is just aimless entertainment
Second Round Knockout was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters
My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted
My heart kept pumping, I had to do something
I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase
Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze"
Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing
But Poet Laureate is my New Shit!
Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping
But right now my image stands still in a prism
My light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it
The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing
Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a
Fathers job is so challenging
My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease
You can't Emcee take a seat
What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk?
If you ever leave you'll be missed
I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes
Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah....
That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks
A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies
And try to keep your ears on my rhymes
A magic reminder that the fire will not expire
Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired
The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward
Now I see inside the Earth
I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass
But it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas
You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect"
Is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES!
I hold Hip Hop responsible
Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles
Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever
I made these bars so you could ALL remember
The illest MC to put it all on the line
My career was crucified but I'm still alive
Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds
"resistance is futile" they said
I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again
So intimate when I write it's a sin, 200
My electromagnetic rap flytrap
There's no way Earth you can get around that
This is a no brainer, stop the complaining
If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it
Pages upon pages everything I've created
The bar was below basic, I had to raise it
I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers
I did it for the world to discover
My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal
Progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210
Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix
So your not what you think
Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum
The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want
Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs
I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years
Poet Laureate Infinity
I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in history

Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper
I did this separate imagine what we could do together
Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering
Was it done by a prophet? It must have been, who was it then
Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded
Many utter the name but very few love him
33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers
Insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest
The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it?
I call it my unacknowledged special access project
My skull is a submarine hull
In a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall
Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors
The vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10
The power to control thoughts however remotely
Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry"
The results from SETI, very interesting
I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing
My team was credited, we turned over the evidence
But not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President
Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes
FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry
Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes
Without trying you can shift your mind
Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides
Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine
Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20
Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me
Polyester pants, big fat ass
I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class
My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too
Why am I talking about this to you?
One day this will be known for now I must wait
I still love them both, and I never forget a face
At the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves
Then there was greater way I learned at a later date
The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30
Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed
Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice
When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress
It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me
I know my history, but what could that mean specifically?
The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep
I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet
A Clairvoyant Technique
Using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future
I can see past it, 40
But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team
They say it's more than a dream
Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers
Electromagnetic Scalars
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie
If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai
Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn
Spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50
I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch
It was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked
You wanna stand there and talk?
The blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon!
It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling
But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling
Observe a man who has a third DNA strand
Or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced
I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly
The roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60
I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me
Cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy
What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self?
Few of the same ilk have known what I felt
There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself"
Before one can know the world so I showed myself
The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle
Yo, I need to stop smoking purple
Requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts
Who know how to manipulate my message, 70
You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat
Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak
If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive
Please explain my complete life story to my children
Photo stills of the cryospill
Solarized film revealed there was a biofield
Fuck a record deal, my training is real
Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel
Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters
There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80
Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops
Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops
Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do
These are the tones that will activate the ohms
No telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you
It would be a miracle if I was merciful
Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom?
Furniture moves when I walk into a room
STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER
Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90
Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin
I don't know what he does for a living ask him
I kneel before Congress and beg for money
Submitting specifics about the operation I'm running
You gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit
"Never heard of it", no details are public
The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine
Increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time
Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines
And by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100
I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli
Physically this mission objective is killing me
I submit to the will of the creator willingly
The possibilities present a probable infinity
I looked into LL's eyes we both cried
Meteors immediately fell from the skies
I've apologized but I can't change who I am
I can change future, can't budge the past
Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic
Only fake niggas catch feelings over silly shit, 110
SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox
Williams! How many kills you got?
The uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky
They only time they notice the difference is when we die
Is dying a wise thing? What about trying?
What about our family members back home crying?
Man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc
George Lucas showed me a full size replica
We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA
5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah
He passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120
I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS
MOSES is a new weapon system secret code
CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose
The jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!"
All right men this is what we train for
Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low
Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me
The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me
Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman
Tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130
[Not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush
The rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,]
The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace
Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8
Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know?
When you finally get there, where will you go?
This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking
Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken
Only the chosen find a way out
Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140
Satellites watch me they think they got me
Right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me
Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening
Striking blind, what it struck was frying
Comparative image sharpness between all artists
I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in
I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner
If you are still worshipping money, you are Godless
Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth
The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150
Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E
I take shelter in an old Missile Silo
Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle
With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal
Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying?
Discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it
Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated?
Try to find out more information
The internal atheist outside the MATRIX
Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this"
She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't
I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin
"A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves"
Washington didn't say it quite that way
But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming
Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit!
The message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine"
Professor keep heading East to the Best Western
Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction
"Start Session point 666 arc seconds"
The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it
Concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it
Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast"
Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak
You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit
I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk
A change is beginning every molecule is spinning
Lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it?
Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror
With flawless error, like that forever
Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180
Are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm
We can find them but they can't find us
Just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes
I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it
You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it
The daughters of man locked in prison camps
With the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance
At least we notice damage, what do we expect
The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190
But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical
You must've been kicked the fuck out of school
Always remember the Reptilian agenda
"No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre
I found fluoride in my water supply
At the time I felt a total apathy towards dying
The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head
I was told to memorize what I was said
"With this salt I consecrate this water
May whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM"
"With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that
It will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no
Regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE
I accept all cultures colours creeds and races
Life is Life no taxonomical classification
No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing
It's never that easy you just gotta trust it
A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth
The Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you
There is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength
Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link
Even if I am in a minority of one
The truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun
My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired
If you disagree with me then yours isn't there

I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure
I only record it once you listen to it forever
The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive
Human Hominids fishing for compliments
Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something
Above ground running not underground covered
Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it
The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS"
The aura describes the forces
I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward
My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song
Creating basketball size hailstorms
Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall
With surface permutation of the permafrost
My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off
I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost
Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry
Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me
Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting
Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing
Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic
A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America
Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed
I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly
22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes
Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time
Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect
You been a success but what do he get?
Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me
But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me
The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me
They aren't worthy of a word from me
I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too
Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through
It drives me insane when a woman wears lace
The current gene structure is 46 pair based
Her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an
Airbase, on a clear day
Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up
I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch
Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist
I like to role play but I only play masculine
Victory over injury a victim to misery
The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery
I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft
Even my photo ID don't look like me
The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers
I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion
Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M
Another fucking acronym, just what I need
Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes
As worthless as my junk mail is
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe
Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try
In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad
I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm
Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost
Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart
Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality
But what is attracting me?
The overseer of poetic antiquity
The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me
Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan
They have enlightened me thru song to understand
The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me
Truly there is too much to see
I'll mix one for you, then one for me
I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed
A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well
The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well
Conflicted and confused but completely compelled
To celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012
I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible
If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle
In a newly ordered world living in shit
No matter how good or poor your English is
You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy!
Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G
E-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my precious mother gave me
The world came to know me as Sir William
The man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest
Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself
I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details
Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but
The secret to creativity is hiding your sources
Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ
Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage
Pray for the families that want them home
Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes
Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope
Who have lost their point, who have lost their own
Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you
Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice
Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer
Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover
Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes
Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets
From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage
Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public
President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit
That's right, you can take this job and shove it
I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die
Brewing hot tea with honey and lime
How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling
1-800-RoadRage, Start dialing
The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat
You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech
Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds
Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs
Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign
In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside
How does one ever really perfect such a craft?
You're obliged by your curiosity to ask
Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics
My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious
Test driving my principle findings
By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out
A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing
Was the hardest part to figure out
Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain
And everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying
I heard this before, I can't remember who said it
We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second
Straight out the freak show no pre-show
Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow
VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book
You should know this even though it concern the showbiz
Because when in Rome, walk as a Roman
Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice
Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice
A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys
Readapted from a crashed asteroid
My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need
The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds
After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement
The same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants
Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun
Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one
My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base
Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space
Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios
A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go
All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing
Matter fact they have no constituent function
Mix this record different, you'll hear me call names out
It's played out but there must be alternative routes
The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy
A human being is not anybody's property
Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment
Is much easier said than done, if your trying it
Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster
I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers
Integrated in an existing clothing ensemble
My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment
The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it
My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert
If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do
I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew
Creatively I have never been to this level
First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel
Password please have patience verification
I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?"
Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station
Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them
Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation
Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation
Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running
I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming
The rhymes are in place, General George Case
And Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste
Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix
For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix
My father is Jamaican, my mother is British
Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish
ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing
I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing
On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence
Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant
Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see
Broke niggas never promote peace
Suzanne Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis
Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs
I rip shit consistent spit persistent
The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness
I'm lost, what version is this?
Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art
But coming from my own heart
Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing
Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing
Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt
Several miles deep underneath the Earth
The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab
Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft
Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend
I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190
We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole
I'm glad I'm the last to go
Zionism the answer to your uncensored question
Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren
Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind
Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme
Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds
That subsequently pinch your leg
You feel like your an inch from being dead
But you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head
Fire for effect, smoke out then rest
Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this
I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy
Cause that's what you made me
Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety
And I still made time for the ladies
Ceiling visibility unlimited
A lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp
I'm a killer pimp
Somebody Hip Hop don't need me
Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210
Me and Baby got the same name
We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane
At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun
I just have a few words for everyone
Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer
From this moment Hip Hop is united everywhere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in 

Next day I chased her 'round the playground
Across the monkey bars, to the merry-go-round
And Emmylou got caught passing me a note
Before the teacher took it, I read what she wrote

"Do you love me, do you wanna be my friend?
And if you do
Well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand
If you want to
I think this is how love goes, check yes or no"

Now we're grown up and she's my wife
Still like two kids with stars in our eyes
Ain't much changed, I still chase Emmylou
Up and down the hall, around the bed in our room

Last night I took her out in a white limousine
Twenty years together, she still gets to me
Can't believe it's been that long ago
When we got started with just a little note
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
"Do you love me, do you wanna be my friend?
And if you do
Well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand
If you want to
I think this is how love goes, check yes or no"

"Do you love me, do you wanna be my friend?
And if you do
Well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand
If you want to
I think this is how love goes, check yes or no"

Check yes or no
Check yes or no
Check yes or no
Check yes or 


Right or wrong, I'll always love you
Though you're gone, I can't forget
Right or wrong, I'll keep on dreaming
Still I wake with that same old regret
All along, I knew I'd lose you
Though I prayed that you'd be true, oh lord
In your heart, please just remember
Right or wrong, I'm still in love with youSee George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also 

I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era
Dating back to forever, the warrior became protector
Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them
I summon them, speaking in tongues again
Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings
The conductor brings the drums in, finger trigger the drum kit
Other MCs be nervous or something
Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop justice, rappers are captured and punished
Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive?
I repeat in a revised order
My skull is a submarine hull
Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp
My mind dives deep beneath yours
Poseidon trident seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force
Marinaras Trench detour to Ultima Thule, let me explain what my sonar saw
Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the open seas at U-Boat speed
Beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be
Industrialists, civilians women and children directly
Military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings
Membership is based off your raw intelligence
400 screen video editing with hard evidence
The clinical professor of rhymes from Pepperdine
Co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs
The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing
The results were blinding, lyrics, timing
Shut the fuck up and stop whining
Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing
Swimming naked in the open, a lone shark circles me
Instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me
I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully
Next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Under an assumed identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy
USA made, field grade steel face
Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace
I am not here to negotiate
Eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database
No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge
His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance
This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident
I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it
Judge me fairly
Compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory
Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready?
I'll need a volunteer, do I have any?
Next year I'll get my SPINGS, a master space badge
After that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft
Most of you will never understand what I mean
My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes
Worm screw elevators descending to the bottom of the volcano crater
Inside the Devil's chamber
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined
They will not be allowed to see the rhymes
What ought to crawl has learned to walk
One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought
I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp
We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park
The whirlpool of gravity traps me
Still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy
Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically
Negative time produces antigravity
Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass
The Teleological Dynamic will enhance
Watch me wet up your weed then bust up you teeth
Make you run for your life like there's a bus up the street
The Dr. and I would meet at 29 palms Joshua street
I always had a lot to debrief
Killing my health, killing myself
Rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt
Modifying the weather from behind a weather shield
Writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill
The woman who is there, she will take care of you
With Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu
Rap music profession immunosuppressants
One question per second, One answer per session
Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me
Ain't nothing changed me since 1980
Involuntary catalepsy, battle me baby
1000 Bars nigga, after that maybe
Murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills
Williams was real ill, but now I chill
An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal
I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers
Raptors, Comanches, Strykers, Cobras
Back at the TOC with G.W. Prescott
Grid location missile lock lift up the block
I gotta spit 'til the story is told
It's a gift, this story is a part of my soul
We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home
If we destroy Mother Earth, then where we gon' go?
Starving in destitution, dying for retribution
Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid?
Why would you not force yourself to make better music?
Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance
Like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it
I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it
I control their movements with lariats
Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft craft lover
Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming"
I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it
I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming
Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme
To create product of an applied mind
They say we're divided, I say we're small minded
Right after I said it I moved to a small island
There was no contingency plan given to me
Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me
Swear your allegiance, the tuition is free
To be a mini me version with minor abilities
7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified
Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind
At the observatory summit of Mt. Graham
Looking through this starlight scope in my hand
Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics
Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision
If A is a success in life
Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt
If work equals X and play equals Y
Then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth
Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing
By summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing
From the Kinetic to the Energetic
To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance
I need to be alone
You cannot comfort me like my poems
1000 BARS put me in the zone
The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books
I ran back home to hide mine in the woods
Salute, I would like to propose this next toast
To maturation barrels I carved from French Oak
The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow
I might get drunk and boast
Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary
Which one of us will sing Hail Mary?
Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance
But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring
Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough
I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough
The facts too acute to repute, or debate
My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape
My dream was identical seven nights in a row
I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone
The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening
Where am I trying to go with this?
Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about
We must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it
All the parents want to do is look at the body but
It won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy
A good psychological environment for science
I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet
Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture
As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber
This is my unacknowledged special access project
Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics
The coral reef is changing from green to amber
Scientist scramble to come up with new answers
The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit
But I'm unprepared to take action just like you
The innate need for Canibus to be professional
Make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you
Greetings and salutations, my equations are inundated with information
Electro cranial stimulation
Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate
Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation
Man Made Membrane roofing remediation
Any and ALL entry points have immigration
One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my
Muscles were quite subtle
I do what I want to do, I have always been that way
Because I have always thinked that way
Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer
Poet Laureate is the future
Pulsating lights and sounds surrounds spirits
Binaural Beats, layered underneath lyrics
250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing
The electrical optical coupling Gear is effective
88 Kilometres above the planet
My rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding
The Gods began to call me, I looked up
Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak
The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington
Himself, GW I'm positive it's him
I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing
Spend the whole night out binge drinking
Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting
First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why?
Weed is now legalized are you high?
Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates
Be my guest keep trying
The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt
But not before I start cursing first
Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast
If you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass
Gather the evidence, then give it to the President
Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190
A lamp with no electrode will not glow
We need some new bright ideas that we did not know
You cannot fold under the political pressure
You must take prudent and precautionary measures
I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign
I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time
A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead
Every colour in America bled
Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences
You'll never reach the end of it, 200
Fire and forget, rhyme for respect
I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate
The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis
And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this
They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it
With passion of a Microphone Patriot
Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer
My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover
The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you
But I declined cause I'm familiar what greed can do
I can not lose or win
I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King
Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge
Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done
Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share
About the space serpents flying around in the troposphere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This never been done before in history

I spit at a thousand KIPS, kilo tons of pressure
Every letter is measured in such a way you will remember
December, 21st 2012 is the code
It was placed on the sunstone to puzzle them
Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching
I better have some results by the months end
Really, Deep Blue computes deeply and does it
What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers
In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava
A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper
My skull is a submarine hull
I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls
The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my
Crew were injured every tour
We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us
All what we needed, we were wrong
Canibus is notably known Globally
My verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat
Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress
Not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady
You can't contend with this when I let it rip
Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis
The sublime chakra one thru nine
Thru the spine induce the rhyme
Internal fire produces the high
Recite 33 3's 33 times
For 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles
Ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes
Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it
Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy
Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me
From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets
To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach
Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency
I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury
The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate
Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate
Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape
As I co-create rap, 30
Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance
Smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice
The target appears in brackets, I attack it
Access then egress then quit this rap shit
Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry
Finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility
They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me
By being mad at me they commit microphone heresy
I am still the Master
As handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker
Call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem
The microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime
Planet Rock Supreme
Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar
Then something they call a Maser
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes
Controlling my heart, controlling my mind
Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord
I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored
My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs
Respond to me and I will answer to your call
Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality
That's how it has to be
In front of me, on both sides and in back of me
I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery
The chain of command blames the unseen hand
The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan
I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me
Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60
Sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably
They begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see
My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt
I was transformed into a spirit with no shell
I could move about freely, I rose & I fell
The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell
Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias
Words blinking like the text edit cursor
My sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it
Layer upon layer upon layer unedited
You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy!
The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week
Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal
External vision, every lyric got a wormhole in it
Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real
My sigil is the double headed eagle seal
Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel
We work we hurt we search we feel
The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics
Circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas
Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this
A true master at the masters in focus
In my time of need, I am not alone
I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb
Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical
Made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you
My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano
I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you
Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing
I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement
The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet
Underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic
Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler
Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover
If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish
It might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it
Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign
Therefore I rhyme for all time
Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design
But poetry continues outside the timeline
Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me
But they would've been better off killing me
Theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me
With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry
Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes
Patent number 4686605
Sound pours out of the ground across the land
Jethro Tull was mauled by the god called Pan
Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition
Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen
To you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not
If I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop
Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide
Why swim or walk when I can glide?
Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for sky diving
My call sign is Flying Wing
An impossible profession
St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message
Now you may go
You have graduated, now you may know
Tell the world exactly what you were shown
Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck
Countdown 48 more months
Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo
Gotta' find a way to generate doe
Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show
Why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold?
Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly
Proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually
Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ
But they should be more important
The diaphragm, the thymus
Activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras
You get the Guantanamo Bay, the Alcatraz way
You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay!
I steady my approach, this supposed to be a no fly zone
Black sheep squadron with strobe light hoes
The hurricane's eye's open
Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean
I figured out, how to save water in a drought
If we save the right amount I know we can make it out
The ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy?
The quantum biology biopsy
My austere designs are so ahead of their time
Even when you press rewind your still left behind
Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana
In a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama
Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence
Don't be a bitch nigga you started it
On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet
Drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics
Scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal
Viable style it's like trying to ride a bull
The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel
Of syllables that made me invincible
Am I a mad man or a mason? A patriot or a pagan?
West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons
The propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated
I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements
Battle Rap is just aimless entertainment
Second Round Knockout was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters
My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted
My heart kept pumping, I had to do something
I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase
Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze"
Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing
But Poet Laureate is my New Shit!
Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping
But right now my image stands still in a prism
My light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it
The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing
Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a
Fathers job is so challenging
My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease
You can't Emcee take a seat
What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk?
If you ever leave you'll be missed
I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes
Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah....
That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks
A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies
And try to keep your ears on my rhymes
A magic reminder that the fire will not expire
Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired
The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward
Now I see inside the Earth
I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass
But it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas
You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect"
Is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES!
I hold Hip Hop responsible
Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles
Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever
I made these bars so you could ALL remember
The illest MC to put it all on the line
My career was crucified but I'm still alive
Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds
"resistance is futile" they said
I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again
So intimate when I write it's a sin, 200
My electromagnetic rap flytrap
There's no way Earth you can get around that
This is a no brainer, stop the complaining
If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it
Pages upon pages everything I've created
The bar was below basic, I had to raise it
I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers
I did it for the world to discover
My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal
Progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210
Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix
So your not what you think
Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum
The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want
Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs
I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years
Poet Laureate Infinity
I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in history

Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper
I did this separate imagine what we could do together
Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering
Was it done by a prophet? It must have been, who was it then
Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded
Many utter the name but very few love him
33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers
Insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest
The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it?
I call it my unacknowledged special access project
My skull is a submarine hull
In a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall
Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors
The vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10
The power to control thoughts however remotely
Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry"
The results from SETI, very interesting
I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing
My team was credited, we turned over the evidence
But not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President
Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes
FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry
Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes
Without trying you can shift your mind
Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides
Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine
Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20
Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me
Polyester pants, big fat ass
I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class
My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too
Why am I talking about this to you?
One day this will be known for now I must wait
I still love them both, and I never forget a face
At the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves
Then there was greater way I learned at a later date
The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30
Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed
Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice
When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress
It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me
I know my history, but what could that mean specifically?
The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep
I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet
A Clairvoyant Technique
Using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future
I can see past it, 40
But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team
They say it's more than a dream
Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers
Electromagnetic Scalars
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie
If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai
Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn
Spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50
I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch
It was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked
You wanna stand there and talk?
The blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon!
It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling
But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling
Observe a man who has a third DNA strand
Or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced
I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly
The roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60
I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me
Cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy
What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self?
Few of the same ilk have known what I felt
There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself"
Before one can know the world so I showed myself
The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle
Yo, I need to stop smoking purple
Requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts
Who know how to manipulate my message, 70
You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat
Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak
If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive
Please explain my complete life story to my children
Photo stills of the cryospill
Solarized film revealed there was a biofield
Fuck a record deal, my training is real
Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel
Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters
There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80
Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops
Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops
Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do
These are the tones that will activate the ohms
No telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you
It would be a miracle if I was merciful
Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom?
Furniture moves when I walk into a room
STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER
Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90
Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin
I don't know what he does for a living ask him
I kneel before Congress and beg for money
Submitting specifics about the operation I'm running
You gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit
"Never heard of it", no details are public
The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine
Increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time
Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines
And by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100
I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli
Physically this mission objective is killing me
I submit to the will of the creator willingly
The possibilities present a probable infinity
I looked into LL's eyes we both cried
Meteors immediately fell from the skies
I've apologized but I can't change who I am
I can change future, can't budge the past
Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic
Only fake niggas catch feelings over silly shit, 110
SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox
Williams! How many kills you got?
The uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky
They only time they notice the difference is when we die
Is dying a wise thing? What about trying?
What about our family members back home crying?
Man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc
George Lucas showed me a full size replica
We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA
5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah
He passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120
I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS
MOSES is a new weapon system secret code
CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose
The jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!"
All right men this is what we train for
Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low
Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me
The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me
Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman
Tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130
[Not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush
The rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,]
The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace
Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8
Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know?
When you finally get there, where will you go?
This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking
Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken
Only the chosen find a way out
Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140
Satellites watch me they think they got me
Right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me
Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening
Striking blind, what it struck was frying
Comparative image sharpness between all artists
I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in
I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner
If you are still worshipping money, you are Godless
Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth
The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150
Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E
I take shelter in an old Missile Silo
Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle
With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal
Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying?
Discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it
Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated?
Try to find out more information
The internal atheist outside the MATRIX
Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this"
She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't
I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin
"A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves"
Washington didn't say it quite that way
But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming
Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit!
The message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine"
Professor keep heading East to the Best Western
Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction
"Start Session point 666 arc seconds"
The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it
Concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it
Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast"
Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak
You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit
I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk
A change is beginning every molecule is spinning
Lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it?
Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror
With flawless error, like that forever
Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180
Are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm
We can find them but they can't find us
Just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes
I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it
You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it
The daughters of man locked in prison camps
With the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance
At least we notice damage, what do we expect
The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190
But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical
You must've been kicked the fuck out of school
Always remember the Reptilian agenda
"No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre
I found fluoride in my water supply
At the time I felt a total apathy towards dying
The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head
I was told to memorize what I was said
"With this salt I consecrate this water
May whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM"
"With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that
It will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no
Regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE
I accept all cultures colours creeds and races
Life is Life no taxonomical classification
No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing
It's never that easy you just gotta trust it
A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth
The Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you
There is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength
Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link
Even if I am in a minority of one
The truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun
My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired
If you disagree with me then yours isn't there

I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure
I only record it once you listen to it forever
The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive
Human Hominids fishing for compliments
Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something
Above ground running not underground covered
Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it
The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS"
The aura describes the forces
I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward
My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song
Creating basketball size hailstorms
Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall
With surface permutation of the permafrost
My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off
I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost
Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry
Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me
Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting
Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing
Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic
A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America
Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed
I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly
22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes
Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time
Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect
You been a success but what do he get?
Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me
But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me
The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me
They aren't worthy of a word from me
I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too
Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through
It drives me insane when a woman wears lace
The current gene structure is 46 pair based
Her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an
Airbase, on a clear day
Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up
I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch
Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist
I like to role play but I only play masculine
Victory over injury a victim to misery
The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery
I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft
Even my photo ID don't look like me
The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers
I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion
Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M
Another fucking acronym, just what I need
Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes
As worthless as my junk mail is
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe
Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try
In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad
I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm
Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost
Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart
Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality
But what is attracting me?
The overseer of poetic antiquity
The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me
Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan
They have enlightened me thru song to understand
The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me
Truly there is too much to see
I'll mix one for you, then one for me
I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed
A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well
The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well
Conflicted and confused but completely compelled
To celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012
I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible
If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle
In a newly ordered world living in shit
No matter how good or poor your English is
You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy!
Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G
E-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my precious mother gave me
The world came to know me as Sir William
The man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest
Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself
I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details
Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but
The secret to creativity is hiding your sources
Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ
Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage
Pray for the families that want them home
Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes
Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope
Who have lost their point, who have lost their own
Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you
Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice
Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer
Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover
Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes
Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets
From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage
Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public
President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit
That's right, you can take this job and shove it
I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die
Brewing hot tea with honey and lime
How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling
1-800-RoadRage, Start dialing
The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat
You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech
Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds
Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs
Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign
In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside
How does one ever really perfect such a craft?
You're obliged by your curiosity to ask
Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics
My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious
Test driving my principle findings
By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out
A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing
Was the hardest part to figure out
Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain
And everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying
I heard this before, I can't remember who said it
We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second
Straight out the freak show no pre-show
Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow
VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book
You should know this even though it concern the showbiz
Because when in Rome, walk as a Roman
Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice
Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice
A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys
Readapted from a crashed asteroid
My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need
The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds
After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement
The same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants
Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun
Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one
My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base
Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space
Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios
A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go
All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing
Matter fact they have no constituent function
Mix this record different, you'll hear me call names out
It's played out but there must be alternative routes
The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy
A human being is not anybody's property
Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment
Is much easier said than done, if your trying it
Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster
I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers
Integrated in an existing clothing ensemble
My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment
The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it
My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert
If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do
I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew
Creatively I have never been to this level
First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel
Password please have patience verification
I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?"
Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station
Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them
Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation
Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation
Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running
I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming
The rhymes are in place, General George Case
And Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste
Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix
For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix
My father is Jamaican, my mother is British
Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish
ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing
I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing
On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence
Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant
Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see
Broke niggas never promote peace
Suzanne Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis
Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs
I rip shit consistent spit persistent
The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness
I'm lost, what version is this?
Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art
But coming from my own heart
Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing
Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing
Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt
Several miles deep underneath the Earth
The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab
Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft
Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend
I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190
We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole
I'm glad I'm the last to go
Zionism the answer to your uncensored question
Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren
Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind
Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme
Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds
That subsequently pinch your leg
You feel like your an inch from being dead
But you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head
Fire for effect, smoke out then rest
Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this
I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy
Cause that's what you made me
Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety
And I still made time for the ladies
Ceiling visibility unlimited
A lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp
I'm a killer pimp
Somebody Hip Hop don't need me
Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210
Me and Baby got the same name
We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane
At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun
I just have a few words for everyone
Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer
From this moment Hip Hop is united everywhere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in 
1 Contributor2018 haywoodindahood Listening Log LyricsPretty much the same thing as last year minus my reviews I would type up (and eventually half-ass as time went on).
Oh, and to make things easier not only am I gonna separate by month, I’m also gonna… Read More Last updated: 10/6/2018, 5:16PM MSTOctoberOctober 6Jesse Powell — Jesse Powell (1996)October 5girl in red — chapter 1 (2018)
Blanca — Shattered (2018)
LouGotCash (feat. Trippie Redd) — "Too Turnt" (2018)October 4Terri Clark — Raising the Bar (2018)
Jess Kent — "Girl" (2018)
Joey Purp — QUARTERTHING (2018)
Cypress Hill — "Crazy" (2018)
Brooke Evers (feat. Rachel West & Glen Faria) — "Turn Around" (2018)
Born Dirty (feat. jstlbby) — "Get Up Get Out" (2018)
First Aid Kid — Tender Offerings (2018)
Kap G — no kap (2018)
Asiahn — "NOLA" (2018)
Young Dolph — "By Mistake" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Stole Your Car" (2018)October 3Howard — Together Alone (2018)
Joji — "SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK" (2018)
Joji — "YEAH RIGHT" (2018)
Brett Young — "Here Tonight" (2018)
Swizz Beatz (feat. Lil Wayne) — "Pistol on My Side (P.O.M.S)" (2018)
Lil Baby & Gunna — "Drip Too Hard" (2018)
Ciara — "Dose" (2018)
Lana Del Rey — "Mariners Apartment Complex" (2018)
Tori Kelly — Hiding Place (2018)October 2Noname — Room 25 (2018)
Wale — Free Lunch (2018)
Carrie Underwood — Cry Pretty (2018)October 1N/ASeptemberSeptember 30N/ASeptember 29N/ASeptember 28Gucci Mane, Bruno Mars & Kodak Black — "Wake Up in the Sky" (2018)September 27N/ASeptember 26N/ASeptember 25N/ASeptember 24teddy<3 — "Body and Soul" (2018)
Brynn Elliott — Time of Our Lives (2018)
Madison Cuningham — "Last Boat to Freedom" (2018)
Abby Anderson — I'm Good (2018)
Runaway June — Runaway June (2018)
Noah Cyrus & Gallant — "Mad at You" (2018)
Judy Blank — Morning Sun (2018)September 23N/ASeptember 22N/ASeptember 21Kilo Kish — mothe (2018)
Clairo — "Heaven" (2018)
Bri Steves — "Ain't Shit" (2018)
AlunaGeorge (feat. Cautious Clay) — "Superior Emotion" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Fuck Being Friends" (2018)
Robinson — "Medicine" (2018)
Waxahatchee — Great Thunder (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline — Side B (2018)
Amber Mark (feat. DRAM) — "Put You On" (2018)
Jeremy Zucker — "comethru" (2018)September 20Chelsea Cutler — "Cold Showers" (2018)
$uicideBoy$ — I Want to Die in New Orleans (2018)
T.I. & Yo Gotti — "Wraith" (2018)
T.I. (feat. Meek Mill) — "Jefe" (2018)
Various Artists — Sierra Burgess Is a Loser (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)September 19Carrie Underwood — "End Up With Me" (2018)
Dua Lipa — "Want To" (2018)
Lauren Daigle — Look Up Child (2018)
Kanye West & Lil Pump — "I Love It" (2018)
YBN Nahmir, YBN Cordae & YBN Almighty Jay — YBN: The Mixtape (2018)
Silk City & Dua Lipa (feat. Diplo & Mark Ronson) — "Electricity" (2018)September 18N/ASeptember 17N/ASeptember 16N/ASeptember 15N/ASeptember 146LACK — East Atlanta Love Letter (2018)September 13Ginny Owens (feat. Resound) — Stand with Me" (2018)
Maddie Simpson — "Love Me Loud" (2018)
Anna Calvi — Hunter (2018)
Sage The Gemini (feat. Chris Brown) — "Buss It" (2018)
Katelyn Tarver — Kool Aid (2018)
Q Money — Ain't Shit Funny (2018)
Mick Jenkins — "What Am I to Do" (2018)
Francesca Battistelli — "Royalty" (2018)
Passenger — Runaway (2018)September 12Chief Keef (feat. Jenn Em) — "Chiraq" (2018)
The Game (feat. YG, Ty Dolla $ign & Jeremih) — "Down to Fuck" (2018)
HoodCelebrityy — Inna Real Life (2018)
Young Dolph (feat. Key Glock) — "Major" (2018)
Lloyd — TRU - LP (2018)
Cassie Scerbo — "Disaster" (2018)
Blac Youngsta — Fuck Everybody 2 (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline — "Sad Girls" (2018)
Terri Clark — "Young as We Are Tonight" (2018)
Nao (feat. SiR) — ""Make It Out Alive" (2018)
Tash Sultana — Flow State (2018)September 11Jay Rock (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Rotation 112th (Remix)" (2018)
Carrie Underwood — "Love Wins" (2018)
Why Don't We — 8 Letters (2018)
6ix9ine (feat. Nicki Minaj & Murda Beatz) — "FEFE" (2018)
6ix9ine & Anuel Aa — "BEBE" (2018)
Kanye West — "XTCY" (2018)
Lauv — "Superhero" (2018)
Eminem — Kamikaze (2018)
Troye Sivan — Bloom (2018)September 10N/ASeptember 9N/ASeptember 8Pusha T — "The Story of Adidon" (2018)
Fantasia — Back to Me (2010)
The Staple Singers — Be Altitude: Respect Yourself (1972)September 7N/ASeptember 6N/ASeptember 5N/ASeptember 4Thouxanbanfauni — The Lost Files (2018)
MoKenStef — Azz Izz (1995)
A$AP Ant (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "Mario Cart" (2018)
A$AP Ant — "Shanghai" (2018)September 3Wallows — "Pleaser" (2017)
Wallows — "Sun Tan" (2017)
Wallows — "Uncomfortable" (2017)
Wallows — "Pulling Leaves off Trees" (2017)
Wallows — "Underneath the Streetlights in the Winter Outside Your House" (2018)
Wallows — Spring EP (2018)September 2Raveena — "You Give Me That" (2016)
Raveena — "Johnny It's the Last Time" (2016)
Raveena — "Spell" (2017)
Raveena — "Sweet Time" (2017)
Raveena — Shanti (2017)
Raveena — "Wherever U Go" (2018)
Raveena — "I Won't Mind" (2018)
Raveena — "Honey" (2018)
Bandhunta Izzy — "Gummo Freestyle" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Niggalodeon" (2015)
Tierra Whack — Whack World (2018)
Tierra Whack — "MUMBO JUMBO" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Shit Happens" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Child Please" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Toe Jam" (2017)
Jungle Brothers — Straight Out the Jungle (1988)
Sabrina Carpenter — "Thumbs (Acoustic)" (2017)
Tory Lanez — "I Sip" (2017)
Maggie Lindemann — "Things" (2016)
Smooky MarGielaa (feat. Jrich Ent.) — "Shawty" (2017)
Ronny J (feat. Ski Mask The Slump God) — "Thriller (Forever)" (2017)
The Girl and the Dreamcatcher — "Written in the Stars" (2015)
Fancy Cars & Sophie Rose — "Time Machine" (2018)
Jaira Burns — "High Rollin" (2017)
Tana Mongeau — "W" (2018)
Astrid S — "Hyde" (2015)
Josephina — "Feelings" (2018)
Joe Moses (feat. Future) — "Back Goin Brazy" (2018)
Lou — "Beaten" (2018)
Kristina Bazan — "Out" (2016)
April + Vista — "How to Get By" (2018)
Eden Samara — "Upside Down" (2018)
The Black Eyed Peas — "RING THE ALARM pt.1, pt.2, pt.3" (2018)
KIIRA (feat. Noah North) — "Last Time" (2017)
JVZEL — "You Make It Easy" (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "Who Do You Love" (2018)
Andy Mineo, Foggieraw & Mannywellz — "Coquito" (2018)
Foggieraw — "Harry Potter" (2018)
Foggieraw & Mannywellz — "Different World Type Luv" (2018)
Carlie Hanson — "Mood" (2018)
Kero Kero Bonito — "Time Today" (2018)
Rosie Carney — "Winter" (2017)
Zilo — "Don't Waste My Time" (2018)
Confetti — "Right Now" (2018)
Phoebe Ryan & Quinn XCII — "Middle Finger" (2018)
Georgi Jacobs — "Ooooohh" (2018)
Eli Priess (feat. Kareem Pfeifer) — "Back at You" (2018)
Astrid S — "2AM" (2014)
Rosie Carney — "Awake Me" (2017)
ARY — "Already There" (2017)
Madison Cunningham — "All at Once" (2018)
Mickey Shiloh (feat. Rowlan) — "1 More Time" (2017)September 1N/AAugustAugust 31N/AAugust 30N/AAugust 29Kiiara — "Gloe" (2018)
NOTD (feat. Tove Styrke) — "Been There Done That" (2018)
KYLE (feat. Kehlani & Logic) — "Playinwitme (Remix)" (2018)
REASON — "Better Dayz" (2018)
Rosette — "Single for the Summer" (2018)
Anna Wise & Xavier Omar — "Easy" (2018)
Dounia — "How I See It" (2018)
T-Pain (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Might Be" (2018)
KYLE (feat. Wiz Khalifa) — "Moment" (2018)August 28E-40 — The Gift of Gab (2018)
Noah Cyrus & Lil Xan — "Live or Die" (2018)
Tori Kelly (feat. Kirk Franklin) — "Never Alone" (2018)
Leon Thomas — Genesis (2018)
Bas — Milky Way (2018)
Blood Orange — Negro Swan (2018)August 27K1D (feat. Woodie Smalls) — "Yoshi" (2018)
3 — "Watch Me" (2018)
Truthcity — "Trap Music in My Uber" (2018)
Tre Redeau — "Safe Route" (2018)
Freelance — "Pretty Please" (2018)
Tee Krispil — One Way Ticket (2018)
Maesu — "Nothing 2 Lose" (2018)
Trey Graves — "new thang" (2018)
Dimez — "New Porsche" (2018)
Darrein STL — "My Bag" (2018)
Madd AnarKist (feat. Troy James & Bank Bunz) — "Mxndfxkk" (2018)
HAWA — "Might Be" (2018)
OSIYM (feat. Filli Babii) — "Lookin' Like" (2018)
Son! — "LINGO" (2018)
Hydra — Lifeboat (2018)
Sazetrax — "Latency" (2018)
Blvc Svnd & One Who May Ascend — "Lames" (2018)
Cero Ismael — "Insane" (2018)
Gaika — "Immigrant Sons (Pesos & Gas)" (2018)
ILLYMINIACHI — "Ignita" (2018)
YTK — "Feel Like That" (2018)
Kent Loon — "Drone" (2018)
Huey Supreme — "Dolla Bill" (2018)
Love-Sadkid — "Control" (2018)
B. Aull — "Come Down" (2018)
Why Khaliq — Clearwater (2018)
chase. & spaceout — #CHASEXSPACEOUT (2018)August 26The O'Jays — Back Stabbers (1972)August 25N/AAugust 24Famous Dex (feat. Drax Project) — "LIGHT" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Always Been You" (2018)
Cousin Stizz — All Adds Up (2018)
24hrs (feat. YG) — "Don't Mess" (2018)
Camila Cabello (feat. Swae Lee) — "Real Friends" (2018)
Jess Glynne — "All I Am" (2018)
Lucie Silvas — "E.G.O." (2018)August 23Blue October — I Hope You're Happy (2018)August 22The New Respects — Before the Sun Goes Down (2018)
Baauer & Miquela — "Hate Me" (2018)
SOB X RBE (feat. Shoreline Mafia) — "Da Move" (2018)
SOB X RBE — "Vibes" (2018)
Stefflon Don — SECURE (2018)
Bishop Briggs — "Baby" (2018)
The 1975 — "TOOTIMETOOTIMETOOTIME" (2018)
6LACK — "Nonchalant" (2018)August 21Tory Lanez (feat. Bryson Tiller) — ""KeeP IN tOUcH" (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline (feat. Keith Urban) — "If I Were You" (2018)
Mitski — Be the Cowboy (2018)
Aminé — ONEPOINTFIVE (2018)August 20Calvin Harris & Sam Smith (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Promises" (2018)
Young Thug & Young Stoner Life Records — Slime Language (2018)
Ariana Grande — Sweetener (2018)August 19N/AAugust 18N/AAugust 17N/AAugust 16N/AAugust 15Jay Americana — "Burner Phones" (2018)
8tm — "711" (2018)
Flavia Abadía — "Trumpets" (2018)
Brooke Aulani — "Out Loud" (2018)
PRISTINE BABE — "Moonlight" (2018)
Lanna — "Maybe" (2018)
Emeryld — "Honey Bee" (2018)
Friday Night Plans — "Happy Birthday" (2018)
Finis Mundi — EVERYTHING AFTER (2018)
Assa, Esydia & neo — "don't let me fall" (2018)
Hailey Orion — Deadly. (2018)
SOLARSUNS & IOLITE — "Break, Burn, Crash" (2018)
Kwaku Asante — "The Way That You Move" (2018)
Corbin Dallas — Water (2018)
Jack Davey — "Undone" (2018)
Charlie Burg — Two, Moonlight (2018)August 14N/AAugust 13Tirzah — Devotion (2018)
Black Grapefruit — All My Relations (2018)
Stefflon Don (feat. Tiggs Da Author) — "Pretty Girl" (2018)
Elley Duhé — DRAGON MENTALITY (2018)
Elle King — "Shame" (2018)
Daniella Mason — "Human" (2018)
Red Velvet — Summer Magic - Summer Mini Album (2018)
Kiesza — "Phantom of the Dance Floor" (2018)
Wafia — "I'm Good" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Sola" (2018)
Ro James — "Excuse Me" (2018)
Lola Kirke — Heart Head West (2018)August 12A$AP Rocky & Tyler, The Creator — "POTATO SALAD" (2018)
FatBran — FatBranuary (2018)
Bandhunta Izzy — Code Blue (2018)
Mitski — "Two Slow Dancers" (2018)
Cassadee Pope — "One More Red Light" (2018)
Ciara (feat. Tekno) — "Freak Me" (2018)
Skye & Chris Brown — "Fairytale" (2018)
Childish Major — "Know Something" (2018)
R.LUM.R — "I Need to Know" (2018)
R.LUM.R — "Right Here" (2018)
Nina Nesbitt — "Loyal to You" (2018)
Lauren Daigle — "Still Rolling Stones" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — Queen (2018)August 11Quavo — "W O R K I N M E" (2018)
Quavo — "B U B B L E G U M" (2018)
Quavo — "L A M B T A L K" (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "Sugar Pop Cocaine" (2018)August 10IceBirds — ICEBIRDS PROJECT (2018)August 9Young Nudy — "Crack" (2016)
Kaycee Shakur — "Think of Something" (2018)
Ryahn — "Studio" (2018)
Lotushalves — "Raincheck" (2018)
The Empress — "Pray on It" (2018)
Parables of Neptune — Parables of Neptune (2018)
Tola — "Next to Me" (2018)
Karun (feat. Blinky Bill) — "Make Believe" (2018)
JoJo Nichols (feat. Regina Skeeters) — "Love on Repeat" (2018)
KingJet — "Lifeguard" (2018)
Abel — "Known" (2018)
Eli Preiss — "I Want You to Know" (2018)
Pink Sweat$ — "Honesty" (2018)
Jesse Fischer — Flipped II (2018)
Ama Lou — DDD (2018)
Shenna — "Conversation" (2018)
marcella — Chapter Two (2018)
REY — "Bet" (2018)
Lili K — "Best Friend" (2018)
Dee Mad — "Along with You" (2018)
199V — "187 Love" (2018)August 8Jacquees — 4275 (2018)
Ella Mai — "Trip" (2018)
K'ron (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "No BFs" (2018)
Buddy — Harlan & Alondra (2018)
PnB Rock — "ABCD (Friend Zone)" (2018)
Diana Gordon — Pure (2018)
The Midnight — "America 2" (2018)
DJ Holiday (feat. Quavo & 21 Savage) — "2 Seater" (2018)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Marie Curie" (2018)
Riley Clemmons — Riley Clemmons (2018)
CHVRCHES (feat. WEDNESDAY CAMPANELLA) — "Out of My Head" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Freaking Out" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Summer Days" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "What She Wants" (2018)
Kid Ink — "Big Deal" (2018)
Baka Not Nice — 4Milli (2018)August 7Young Nudy — SlimeBall 3 (2018)
Tamia — "Deeper" (2018)
Amanda Shires — To the Sunset (2018)
Danielle Bradbery & Thomas Rhett — "Goodbye Summer" (2018)
Silk City, GoldLink & Desiigner — "Loud" (2018)
H.E.R. — I Used to Know Her: The Prelude (2018)
J. Cole — "Album of the Year (Freestyle)" (2018)
Mac Miller — Swimming (2018)
Bazzi (feat. Camila Cabello) — "Beautiful" (2018)
Robyn — "Missing U" (2018)
YG — STAY DANGEROUS (2018)
Travis Scott — ASTROWORLD (2018)August 6N/AAugust 5Souls of Mischief — 93 'til Infinity (1993)
The Pharcyde — Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde (1992)
Brandy — Brandy (1994)
OJ da Juiceman — The Otha Side of the Trap... (2009)
Maisie Peters — "Best I'll Ever Sing" (2018)
Maisie Peters — "Worst of You" (2018)
Polo Boy Shawty — Fast Lane (2018)
Ciara — Basic Instinct (2010)August 4Ne-Yo — Because of You (2007)
Joe — And Then... (2003)
Avalon Young — "Sweet Talk" (2018)
Shaqdi — Colorless (2018)
Akinyemi & Birocratic — "Time" (2018)
Ryan Brinnand — "Think of Me" (2018)
Teon Gibbs — These Are the Times. (2018)
Cyrax (feat. $ilkMoney) — "Tank" (2018)
Latasha — "Sumpn" (2018)
Ily Pineapple — "Spark the Blunt" (2018)
Majest Nové — "Southern Girl" (2018)
ayeeii & mikey 2x — "Never Thought" (2018)August 3Deezie Brown — Judith (2018)
Jaylon Ashaun — "I Got You" (2018)
B0nds & Fushou. — High Noon (2018)
80purppp — "Hex" (2018)
Tass Nasta — "Her" (2018)
$ly — "Guaponese" (2018)
Charlie Threads — "Forever and a Day" (2018)
DWN2EARTH — DWN2EARTH (2018)
Cakes da Killa & Proper Villains — "Don't Make Cents" (2018)
Elton — "Callin'" (2018)
BbyMutha & $hoey — BbyShoe (2018)
Rawso — "Afraid" (2018)
Jean Castel — "What Happened to Us" (2018)
Keelan Mak — "Weigh You Down" (2018)
ZenAware (feat. Evergreen) — "Ur Cute" (2018)
Aaron Childs — "No Hobbies" (2018)
Aaron Childs — "Tangerine" (2018)
Mikos Da Gawd — "Start Things New" (2018)
Kylo — "Sometimes" (2018)
Jamie Lane — "Sink" (2018)
Small Hours — "Shoe Box" (2018)
Lhuma — "RUN" (2018)
Jacob Steele — "Move Like Me" (2018)
KUNZITE — "MONKS" (2018)
Trevor Daniel — "Mirror" (2018)
Aleks Grey — "Let Go" (2018)
Dena — "Imaginary Friends" (2018)
GOLDSPACE (feat. Saint Laurant) — "Heavy Hitter" (2018)
rn — "Hard Hearts" (2018)August 2Kiiara — "Messy" (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "You Can't Bring Me Down" (2018)
Bryce Vine (feat. Wale) — "Drew Barrymore" (2018)
Jade Novah — All Blue (2018)
Frvrfriday — "Heaven Margiela" (2018)
JIL — "Virgin Atlantic" (2018)
Luhcream — Cream of the Crop (2018)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever 3 (2018)
Jade Bird — "Uh Huh" (2018)
Catherine McGrath — Talk of This Town (2018)
Jarren Benton — Yuck Fou (2018)
Queen Naija — Queen Naija (2018)
Derek Minor — "Revolution" (2018)
Tenille Townes — "Somebody's Daughter" (2018)
Channel Tres — Channel Tres (2018)
Raiche — "Money Trees" (2018)August 1The Coup — Sorry to Bother You: The Soundtrack (2018)JulyJuly 31Charli XCX — "Girls Night Out" (2018)
AGNEZ MO (feat. Chris Brown) — "Overdose" (2018)
Elley Duhé — "WAY DOWN LOW" (2018)July 30VanJess — Silk Canvas (2018)
Maggie Rogers — "Give a Little" (2018)
Mac Miller — "What's the Use?" (2018)
Tyga — "SWISH" (2018)
BROCKHAMPTON — "1997 DIANA" (2018)
Denzel Curry — TA13OO (2018)
The Chainsmokers (feat. Emily Warren) — "Side Effects" (2018)
Davie Guetta (feat. Anne-Marie) — "Don't Leave Me Alone" (2018)
ARTY — "Tim" (2018)
YG (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "HANDGUN" (2018)
DJ Khaled, Justin Bieber & Quavo (feat. Chance The Rapper) — "No Brainer" (2018)July 29N/AJuly 28Still Woozy (feat. ODIE) — "Lucy" (2018)
BLVK JVCK (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Love Me Still" (2018)
NVDES — "Louì" (2018)
Matoma (feat. MAX) — "Lonely" (2018)
Vené & ATL Smook — "Mood" (2017)July 27Childish Gambino — Summer Pack (2018)
Chelsea Jade — Personal Best (2018)
Lost Kings (feat. Tove Styrke) — "Stuck" (2018)
PnB Rock — "Nowadays" (2018)
GOLDN — once upon a star, Pt. 1 (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Hold On" (2018)
St. Lucia — "Walking Away" (2018)
The New Respects — "Before the Sun Goes Down" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Apple Juice" (2018)July 26Young Nudy — "Sherbert" (2018)
070 Shake — "Accusations" (2018)
Ciara — "Level Up" (2018)
The 1975 — "Love It If We Made It" (2018)
DRAM — That's a Girl's Name (2018)
RaeLynn — "Tailgate" (2018)
88rising — Head in the Clouds (2018)
Becky G (feat. French Montana & Farruko) — "Zooted" (2018)
Billie Eilish — "you should see me in a crown" (2018)July 25Daye Jack — "Heart Shaped Culdesac" (2018)
The New Respects — "We Ain't Goin' Nowhere" (2018)
TK Kravitz — 2.0 (2018)
Nora Van Elken — "I Told You" (2018)
Ashe — The Rabbit Hole (2018)
Daya — "Safe" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — Young (2018)
Buddy (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "Hey Up There" (2018)
Lil Skies — "World Rage" (2018)
Yazmin Lacey — When the Sun Dips 90 Degrees (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Broke" (2018)
Priscilla Renea — Coloured (2018)July 24Vacationer — Mindset (2018)
R. Kelly — "I Admit" (2018)
Demi Lovato — "Sober" (2018)
Redman — "I Love Hip Hop" (2018)
Freddie Gibbs — Freddie (2018)
Lecrae & Zaytoven — Let the Trap Say Amen (2018)
Koryn Hawthorne — "Unstoppable" (2018)
Meghan Trainor — "ALL THE WAYS" (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — "Summer on You" (2018)July 23Nao — "Another Lifetime" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie — International Artist (2018)
Rick Ross (feat. Future) — "Green Gucci Suit" (2018)
6LACK — "Switch" (2018)
Trippie Redd — "How You Feel" (2018)
Trippie Redd — "Me Likey" (2018)
Ariana Grande (feat. Nicki Minaj) — "the light is coming" (2018)
Teyana Taylor — K.T.S.E. (2018)
Jaden Smith — "Ghost" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — Expectations (2018)
Dan + Shay — Dan + Shay (2018)
Panic! At the Disco — Pray for the Wicked (2018)July 22N/AJuly 21N/AJuly 20MadeinTYO & MyNamePhin — I Bet U Get This All the Time (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan & Danny Wolf — HoodWolf 2 (2018)
Rockstar Marqo — So Icey Marqo (2018)July 19The Internet — Hive Mind (2018)
RIMON — "Nighttime" (2018)
RIMON — "Grace" (2018)
Louis III — "Goosebumps" (2018)
Wolfskind & Yann Lauren (feat. Moli) — "Give It Up" (2018)
MOONOVERSUN — "GIRLS/BOYS" (2018)
Hamond — "Copacabana" (2018)
Catila — "Call Me" (2018)
Kiera Please — "Bloom" (2018)
Jodnyl — "Blood" (2018)
Ruben Pol — "Bed Sheets" (2018)
JORDY — "Be with Me" (2018)
Meghan Waterman — 3AM Conversations (2018)
Madison Cunningham — "So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" (2018)
Madison Cunningham — "Beauty into Clichés" (2018)
The Score — "Glory" (2018)
lovelytheband — "emotion" (2018)
lovelytheband — "alone time" (2018)
88rising (feat. NIKI) — "Warpaint" (2018)
Shy Glizzy — "Free 3" (2018)
Casanova — COMMISSARY (2018)July 18Alessia Cara — "A Little More" (2018)
Alessia Cara — "Growing Pains" (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "BRONCO" (2018)
Aaron Cole — "Off My Back" (2018)
The Interrupters — Fight the Good Fight (2018)
cleopatrick — "youth" (2018)
Mitski — "Nobody" (2018)
Yung Bans — Yung Bans Vol. 5 (2018)
Wiz Khalifa (feat. Problem) — "Gin and Drugs" (2018)
Charli XCX — "No Angel" (2018)
Charli XCX — "Focus" (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Verified" (2018)
Axwell /\ Ingrosso (feat. RØMANS) — "Dancing Alone" (2018)
Gorillaz — The Now Now (2018)July 17Florence + The Machine — High as Hope (2018)
Shea Diamond — Seen It All (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Not the Boy" (2018)
Mozzy — "Pure in the Pack" (2018)
Trae Tha Truth — 48 Hours Later (2018)
Let's Eat Grandma — I'm All Ears (2018)
AWWZ (feat. Yaw Mini & F. Dowell) — "Visa" (2018)
YK Osiris — "Timing" (2018)
Jay Park (feat. GASHI & Rich The Kid) — "FSU" (2018)
teddy<3 — "I Was in a Cult" (2018)
Caly Bevier — "Head Held High" (2018)
Dave East & Rick Ross — "Fresh Prince of Belaire" (2018)
Skooly (feat. Lil Xan) — "Crazy Shit" (2018)July 16Chris Lane — "Hero" (2018)
Why Don't We — "Hooked" (2018)
Why Don't We — "Talk" (2018)
Lil Pump — "Drug Addicts" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Freaking Out" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Summer Days" (2018)
Lil Yachty (feat. Cardi B & Offset) — "Who Want the Smoke?" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "SoulMate" (2018)
Future & Zaytoven — BEASTMODE 2 (2018)
Meek Mill — Legends of the Summer (2018)
Goonew — BIG64 (2018)July 15Childish Gambino — "Awaken, My Love!" (2016)
Shoreline Mafia — ShorelineDoThatShit (2018)
Juice WRLD — JuiceWRLD 9 9 9 (2017)
Diego Money — Welcome to IceLand (2015)
The Carters — EVERYTHING IS LOVE (2018)
Nas — NASIR (2018)
Drake — Scorpion (2018)July 14N/AJuly 13N/AJuly 12rum.gold — "Where There’s Smoke" (2018)
Hamzaa — "Stranded Love" (2018)
Lexus — "Sounds Good" (2018)
MADANII — "Rosemvry" (2018)
Lndfk — "LOVE BOMBING” (2018)
Gian Camp — LOST IN TRANSLATION (2018)
Taylor Eve (feat. OYABUN) — "Like You" (2018)
yuzu blur — "Home Soon" (2018)
Kwaku — "Fake" (2018)
Aysha Monet — Don’t Forget (2018)
Charles Freeman — ANODYNE (2018)
Daz Rinko (feat. Rahel) — "Sweetie" (2018)
Daz Rinko — "Vanilla Ice" (2018)
HolyGxd — "Ugly" (2018)
Rey King — "Tijuana" (2018)
Nosninja — Riverside Beat Tape (2018)
Yutes — "Push" (2018)
BinoBossBricks & Scooter on the Beat — "Poppin Tags" (2018)
Marceon Jacobs — "No Losses" (2018)
Ben James — "Like Me" (2018)
2u4u — "Gurl" (2018)
KING JAE — "DRAMA" (2018)
Serious Klein — "Coochie Money" (2018)
The Real Ice — "BAG for MY BAG" (2018)
Aja9 — "Treat Yo’Self" (2018)
NOAAON — "Summer Clearance" (2018)
Yaffle (feat. Linying) — "Summer" (2018)
JT Soul — "LOUD" (2018)July 11All That Glitters (feat. Chaz Mason) — "I’ll Wait for You" (2018)
Elephant Heart — "HIYA" (2018)
CHAMPANE (feat. CATALI) — "Down Low" (2018)
Natalie — Shameful (2018)
Ukweli (feat. Karun) — "Roses" (2018)
Ash (feat. starRo) — "Lover Friend" (2018)
Mina & Kit Moro — Goodbye (2018)
ChrisLee — "Found Her" (2018)
Jae.T — "Yo Body" (2018)
Emilia Anastazja — "Under My Skin" (2018)
GREGarious (feat. Akacia) — "Sticks & Stones" (2018)
Lottie Jade — "South Side" (2018)
Nizzy (feat. Pvpi Strz) — "Rice n Peas" (2018)
SqueakPIVOT (feat. Xone White) — "Perfect for U" (2018)
Black Grapefruit — "Mind" (2018)
Mei Mei — "Livin in the Truth" (2018)
HALP (feat. Anthony Russo) — "Hurt Myself" (2018)
Frex — "History" (2018)
Kean Farrar — "Heartthrob" (2018)
Parisalexa — Flexa (2018)
Forrest. — "Your Soul" (2018)
Shane Reis & God.Damn.Chan — VEIB (2018)
Zac Ace — Testing Ground. (2018)July 10Latrell James — "Okay" (2018)
Vonathan — "Mac Attack" (2018)
FEYI — "F@%& WITH A DIME" (2018)
A-Reece, Ecco & Wordz — "Better Luck Next Time" (2018)
Kevoe West — "Stoner" (2018)
Patches (feat. Namesake.) — "show goes on" (2018)
ZER0 — "Orphus" (2018)
Clyde Guevara — "Higher Vibration" (2018)
Svlm — "Day Dreaming" (2018)
emoniFela — Day Camp for Dreamers (2018)
happytree & late late — CANVAS (2018)
frumhere — are you lost? (2018)
Renzo — 2359 (2018)July 9Whinnie Williams — “Violet” (2018)
John Conception — “So Bad” (2018)
yù yī (feat. Ellen) — “Peaches” (2018)
TS Graye — “MY2” (2018)
Rushes — "Wave” (2018)
s7erre (feat. Elysa) — “So Bad” (2018)
Haula — “Trouble” (2018)July 8Diego Money & StoopidXoolin — Stoopid Ice Volume One (2016)July 7Chance Peña — “Sun Goes Down” (2018)
Holow (feat. Lucile) — “Spotlight” (2018)
Ivy Rei — “Say It to My Face” (2018)
Miriam — “Off That Thing” (2018)
DJ Young & Krista — “Nvm (Never Mine)” (2018)
BAYLA — “Monster” (2018)
Arthur Wimble — “Miss You” (2018)
ICELANDIA — “Miracle Caught on Camera” (2018)
Amber Simone — “Loving You” (2018)
BLANKSY — “Love Won’t Save Me” (2018)
CC Clarke — “A Little More” (2018)
Spectrum & Ria Choony — “Home” (2018)
Korky Buchek (feat. Kymie) — “Higher” (2018)
Dominique Tey — “Heartstream” (2018)
A$AP Rocky (feat. Moby) — “A$AP Forever” (2018)
Juice WRLD — Too Soon.. (2018)
Bruno Mars — It’s Better If You Don’t Understand (2010)July 6Diego Money & MexikoDro — Plug Money (2015)
Louis Bordeaux — “Do What I Do” (2018)
DeathbyRomy — “DeathWish” (2018)
Vera Hotsauce — “Bottoms Up” (2018)
MĀX — “Wrong Guy” (2018)
James Blake (feat. MistaDC) — “Vegas Girl” (2018)
David Hopperman (feat. Wes Writer) — “Don’t Stop” (2018)
Lodola — “Cover It Up” (2018)
Lava La Rue — “Widdit” (2018)
A. Rell — “What If I Did It” (2018)
Pediko — “Ticket to Go” (2018)
PatricKxxLee — “So & So” (2018)
Caliray1k —" Run Up the Band” (2018)
Myke Bogan (feat. Khary) — “Pickathon” (2018)
Ozadya — Oz Life (2018)July 5YBN Cordae — “Old Niggas” (2018)
Shwiggy (feat. 198o8) — “Might Troll” (2018)
Hella Sketchy — “Losing Control” (2018)
10cellphones (feat. Swoop) — “Kicking Doors” (2018)
ppgcasper (feat. Eera) — “Headache” (2018)
Dontae (feat. Cal) — “Flipmode” (2018)
Caine Casket — “Domino” (2018)
Felixx — “Diddy” (2018)
CloutBoi TJ — CloutBoi! (2018)July 4N/AJuly 3Macca Wiles — “AWOL” (2018)
Tommy Savo — “2 ROCKS” (2018)
Frex — “y u gotta” (2018)
Laura Roy — “Temporary” (2018)
Ego Ella May — “Table for One” (2018)
Linae — “Sweet Sweat” (2018)
Ebz the Artist — “Say It” (2018)
Choc — “Same” (2018)
loftii — leaving us (2018)
Ricks Art — “Kiss N Tell” (2018)
Levine Lale — “Keep Up” (2018)
Melo-Zed — Eleven (2018)
Blossom & Ripley Snell (feat. Neill Von Tally) — “casting couch” (2018)
Love — “Black Coffee” (2018)
Love — “3” (2018)
Paige Bea — “Your Echo” (2018)
Brad O’Neill — “Unexpected” (2018)
Deflo & Lliam Taylor (feat. Awa) — “Spotlight” (2018)July 2Delaney Kai & Kyoto Black — “Sounds” (2018)
Taylor Reed — “Say You Won’t” (2018)
Camille Trust — “Move On” (2018)
Liv Keegan — “Just My Type” (2018)
Natasha Fisher — “If I Could I Would” (2018)
iiola — “don’t shut me up” (2018)
JONNA — “Black Tears” (2018)
TARI (feat. Lani Rose) — “Best for You” (2018)
Nodfather — “Thoughts” (2018)
Brett — “Therapy” (2018)
Ra’Shaun — “She Told Me” (2018)
S7EAZE — “Don’t Test Me” (2018)
M.R — “Calling” (2018)
Xander — “Better or Worse” (2018)
Ric Wilson — BANBA (2018)
Adamn Killa — Adamn Everlasting (In Loving Memory of Jalen) (2018)
GNGR — “Without You” (2018)
Star Martin — “Walls” (2018)
Trevor Daniel — “Wake Up” (2018)
BR3 (feat. Jacquees) — “Used to This” (2018)
p-rallel (feat. Yiigaa & Finn Foxell) — “Signs” (2018)
gny — Present (2018)
Sameik Moore — “Bounce” (2018)
Adreyn Cash — “Angel’s Lie” (2018)
Parker Louis — All Good Things, Pt. One (2018)
Tru — “Young & Reckless” (2018)
Bae Louie — “Wonderful” (2018)
Rokusho (feat. Inga & Stille) — “Wishing for You” (2018)
bêlla — “sorry if u misunderstood” (2018)
SVĒ — “Njne1 (Not Just Anyone)” (2018)
Shaeane — “Bag of Bones” (2018)
Shaeane — “Joker” (2018)
Olloway — “August” (2018)
Light Gun Fire (feat. Marta Carvallo) — “All on You” (2018)
Ruuth — “All About” (2018)
Lil Candy Paint — “Sleep at Night” (2018)
Lord Narf (feat. Meltycanon) — “Rent” (2018)
Luxe — “Nothing to Me” (2018)
Vuyo — “Lord Knows” (2018)July 1Student 1 — Drag (2018)
brakence — hypnagogia (2018)
Loski — “I Been” (2018)JuneJune 30Cashwaveyboiz — waves (2018)
Sudan Archives — "Nont for Sale" (2018)
NDAI — "Nobody's Ting" (2018)
Allen Ritter — "Never Leave" (2018)
Diamonique Jackson — "Give Me a Sign" (2018)
HMLT (feat. TiKA) — "Gary" (2018)
Notifi — "Dramamine" (2018)
IVYxM — "But You" (2018)
Mogillah (feat. Georgia Anne Muldrow & Flote) — "Birds Eye's View" (2018)
Lfalfa — "What It Means" (2018)
Irie Lee — "Van Gogh" (2018)
Kiki Ireland — "Timid" (2018)
Manana — "Think About You" (2018)
Lunadira — "STUCK WITH YOU" (2018)
LOONY — "A Small Flame" (2018)
Kaptain Jay — "Skittle" (2018)
Kaptain Jay — "Night Out" (2018)
cktrl — SAG Playlist 1 (2018)
Yakul — "Realigned" (2018)
Shakale Davis — Note to Self (2018)June 29SAFE — "No Answer" (2018)
Bobby Earth — "Mood" (2018)
Tmmrw — "Lowkey" (2018)
PROMKNGHT — "Like I Do" (2018)
Asiah — Know Me (2018)
Hugo Joe & MexikoDro — Hugo Dro (2018)
Pro Reese — Fresh Off a Break Up (2018)
PxRRY — "FaLL BacK" (2018)
Kaycee Shakur — Divination (2018)
Fallon Favors — Destiny (2018)June 28Diego Money — Diego World (2018)
Haley Daniels — "Delirious" (2018)
Rabino — "Crocodile" (2018)
Easton — "Blue Love" (2018)
KC.. — Bare, Vol. 1 (2018)
TeaMarrr — "Bent Hella" (2018)
Swiss Army — Paris Mountain (2018)June 27N/AJune 26PYRMDPLAZA — The Void (2018)
Nfromthewave — "Pashun" (2018)
My Friend Alan — "Falling" (2018)
MadeByKuya — Universal (2018)
Jordana — "Body" (2018)
Jordan Dennis (feat. Blasko) — "Crumbs" (2018)
falcxne — "Slowly" (2018)
Dream League Soccer — "So I Broke Her Heart" (2018)
Coco Reilly — "Define You" (2018)
Bella Boo — Fire (2018)June 25Pi'erre Bourne — "Planet Namek" (2018)
Tim Atlas — All Talk! (2018)
KILLY — Surrender Your Soul (2018)
Calum Scott — Only Human (2018)June 24B.o.B — The Upside Down (2018)
Phoelix — TEMPO (2018)June 23N/AJune 22N/AJune 21N/AJune 20Niko Khale — Free Mind Rich Thoughts (2018)
Smerz — Have fun (2018)
Jonathan McReynolds — Make Room (2018)
Lawren — Get Your Change (2018)
Pouya — FIVE FIVE (2018)
Nap Eyes — I'm Bad Now (2018)
Acid Dad — Acid Dad (2018)June 19R.LUM.R — ALTERIMAGE (2018)
Jimi Hendrix — Both Sides of the Sky (2018)
Various Artists — A Wrinkle in Time (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
What So Not — Not All the Beautiful Things (2018)June 18YFN Lucci — Ray Ray from Summerhill (2018)
Wale — Self Promotion EP (2018)
The Voidz — "Coul as a Ghoul" (2018)
Valee (feat. Jeremih) — "Womp Womp" (2018)
Tee Grizzley — Activated (2018)
Stalley — "Chains Mr. T" (2018)June 17Sonta — "Ride for You" (2018)
Sonta — "Wishes" (2018)
Sonta — "Dream Girl" (2018)
Sonta — "Lovers N Friends" (2018)June 16Sonta — "Cut It (Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "Hopeful" (2015)
Sonta — "MMMM" (2015)
Sonta — "Medicine (Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "Letter from Sonta" (2018)
Sonta — "Screwed Up (Boo'd Up Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "All I Want Is You (For Christmas)" (2016)
Sonta — "Hard to Love" (2017)
Sonta — "How You Gonna Act Like That" (2016)June 15Sonta — In My Feelings (Re-release) (2018)
Selena Gomez — "Back to You" (2018)
Sarah Louise — Deeper Woods (2018)
Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien (Acoustic)" (2018)
Rita Ora (feat. Cardi B, Bebe Rexha & Charli XCX) — "Girls" (2018)June 14Nina Nesbitt — "The Sun Will Come Up, The Seasons Will Change" (2018)
Marian Hill — Unusual (2018)
La Luz — Floating Features (2018)
Joji — "Yeah Right" (2018)June 13Jackie Hill Perry — Crescendo (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "You Can't Bring Me Down" (2018)
City Girls — PERIOD (2018)
Charlie Puth — Voicenotes (2018)
BJ The Chicago Kid — The Opening Ceremony (2018)
Beach House — 7 (2018)June 12Marqo 2 Fresh — Live Fast Die Young (2015)
MPR Tito — Rixh Blxxd (2018)
Lil Dude — ME (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Been Ballin" (2017)
Playboi Carti — "Arm & Leg" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Tragic" (2016)
Playboi Carti — "They Go Off" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Tank" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Supersonic" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Movin' Different" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Let 'Em In" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Kick" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Drop" (2018)
Playboi Carti & SosaMann — "In the Lobby" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — Get Dough Presents Ski Mask The Slump God (2018)
Polo Boy Shawty — On the Track (2017)
Redd Coldhearted — Coldhearted EP (2017)
Slim 400 — Foe Reala (2018)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — Kids of the 6 (2017)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — SOUF6 (2018)June 11Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "MONY Walk" (2018)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — Blessed Lil Bastards (2017)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever 2 (2016)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever Music: The Mixtape (2016)
Rich The Kid — Dabbin Fever (2015)
Rich The Kid — Flexxin on Purpose (2015)
Rich The Kid — Keep Flexin (2016)
Lil B — Platinum Flame (2018)June 10Frvrfriday — WHOISFRIDAY (2018)
KIDS SEE GHOSTS — KIDS SEE GHOSTS (2018)
Youngr — "Lost in Translation" (2018)
YourWelcome Shon — "Summa Hood Laude" (2018)
SUMR CAMP — "24-7" (2018)
Tove Lo (feat. Charli XCX, Icona Pop, Elliphant & ALMA) — "bitches" (2018)
Dagny — "Used to You" (2018)
NEEDTOBREATHE — "Bullets" (2018)
Erin Rae — Putting on Airs (2018)
Snail Mail — Lush (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "435" (2018)
Jeremih & Ty Dolla $ign — "The Light" (2018)
Chelsea Cutler — Sleeping With Roses (2018)
Kamiyah (feat. ScHoolboy Q) — "Addicted to Ballin'" (2018)
DeJ Loaf & Leon Bridges — "Liberated" (2018)
Rich The Kid — "Bring It Back" (2018)
Various Artists — SUPERFLY (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
Tory Lanez & Ozuna — "Pa Mi" (2018)
Lykke Li — so sad so sexy (2018)
Little Big Town — "Summer Fever" (2018)
JZVEL — "Tired Af" (2018)June 9Jorja Smith — Lost & Found (2018)
Ne-Yo — GOOD MAN (2018)June 8Bali Baby & Rockstar Marqo — Sosa & Tony: The Movie (2018)
CosaNostra Kidd — Wham (2018)June 7Rich The Kid — Trap Talk (2016)
André 3000 — Look Ma No Hands (2018)
Stalone — Uropa (2018)
Middle Kids — Lost Friends (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "Rainbows" (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "BAD" (2018)
Jade Novah — "Next to You" (2018)
Dan + Shay — "Alone Together" (2018)
CASS — "Not for Sale" (2018)
lil aaron — ROCK$TAR FAMOU$ (2018)
Cautious Clay — RESONANCE (2018)
YBN Almighty Jay — "2 Tone Drip" (2018)
Lil Skies (feat. Yung Pinch) — "I Know You" (2018)June 6Freedom Fry — Classic (2018)
Future (feat. Yung Bans) — "Bag" (2018)
Natalie Prass — The Future and the Past (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Easy" (2018)
Rex Orange County & Randy Newman — "You've Got a Friend in Me" (2018)
Liz Vice — Save Me (2018)
MNEK (feat. Hailee Steinfeld) — "Colour" (2018)
Third Party — "Free" (2018)
Mac Miller — "Programs" (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Harlem Anthem" (2018)
Black Thought — Streams of Thought Vol. 1 (2018)
Lauv — I met you when I was 18. (the playlist) (2018)
The 1975 — "Give Yourself a Try" (2018)
Big Freedia — 3rd Ward Bounce (2018)
Florida Georgia Line — "Colorado" (2018)
Florida Georgia Line — "Simple" (2018)June 5Sabrina Carpenter — "Almost Love" (2018)
Kanye West — ye (2018)
Jade Bird — "Furious" (2018)
Meiko — Playing Favorites (2018)
Jessie J — R.O.S.E. (Empowerment) (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Better for It (2018)
DREAMERS — "SCREWS" (2018)
NIKI — Zephyr (2018)June 4Parliament — Medicaid Fraud Dogg (2018)
Zaytoven — Trapholizay (2018)
Fortunate Ones — Hold Fast (2018)
Lindsay Ell — The Continuum Project (2018)
Sudan Archives — Sink (2018)
NDAI — "Time Heals All Wounds" (2018)
Maggie Rogers — "Fallingwater" (2018)
Naji — Act I (2018)June 3Silk — Silk (1995)June 2N/AJune 1Young Nudy (feat. 21 Savage) — "Since When" (2018)
D.O.D — "Glow" (2018)
The New Respects — "Freedom" (2018)
Clairo — diary 001 (2018)
Jorja Smith — "February 3rd" (2018)
Juice WRLD — Goodbye & Good Riddance (2018)MayMay 31Pusha T — DAYTONA (2018)
CHVRCHES — Love Is Dead (2018)
Shawn Mendes — Shawn Mendes (2018)
Drake — "I'm Upset" (2018)May 30The Internet — "Roll! (Burbank Funk) (KAYTRANADA Remix)" (2018)
Blue October — "Colors Collide" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "twenty eighteen" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "psycho heart!" (2018)
Jay Rock — "WIN" (2018)
Chaos Chaos — Chaos Chaos (2018)
Temi Omi (feat. Tierra Whack) — "Pull Up on You" (2018)
Alex Da Kid (feat. H.E.R. & Rapsody) — "Go" (2018)
KYLE — Light of Mine (2018)
Christina Aguilera (feat. Demi Lovato) — "Fall in Line" (2018)
Lil Baby — Harder Than Ever (2018)
Pharrell Williams & Camila Cabello — "Sangria Wine" (2018)May 29NIKI — "I Like U" (2018)
NIKI — "See U Never" (2018)
NIKI — "Chilly" (2018)
NIKI — "Vintage" (2018)
ORKID — "So Rude" (2018)
TOMI — "Coming Around" (2018)
Natalie Prass — "Lost" (2018)
Now, Now — "MJ" (2018)
Jennifer Hudson — "I'll Fight" (2018)
Ashe — "Choirs" (2018)
THEY. — "Ain't the Same" (2018)
Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien (M-22 Remix)" (2018)
Terrance Escobar (feat. Thouxanbanfauni) — "*D 4 L*" (2018)
Mike Jones — "All on Me" (2018)
A$AP Ferg & Elle Fanning — "Moon River" (2018)
Jasmine Thompson — "Lonely Together" (2018)
Houndmouth — "This Party" (2018)
Ginny Owens — "Remind Me" (2018)
Jean Deaux — "Energy" (2018)
morgxn — "me without you" (2018)
Gallant — "Doesn't Matter" (2018)
Chantel Jeffries (feat. Offset & Vory) — "Wait" (2018)
Tee Grizzley (feat. Chris Brown) — "Fuck It Off" (2018)
Wiz Khalifa (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Real Rich" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Body Count" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "Bloom" (2018)
Julia Michaels (feat. Trippie Redd) — "Jump" (2018)
Jess Glynne — "I'll Be There" (2018)
Dan + Shay — "All to Myself" (2018)
Charlie Puth (feat. Kehlani) — "Done for Me" (2018)
Charlie Puth — "The Way I Am" (2018)
Florence + The Machine — "Hunger" (2018)
Travis Scott (feat. Lil Uzi Vert & Kanye West) — "Watch" (2018)
Shawn Mendes (feat. Khalid) — "Youth" (2018)May 28N/AMay 27N/AMay 26A$AP Rocky — TESTING (2018)May 25N/AMay 24N/AMay 23N/AMay 22N/AMay 21N/AMay 20N/AMay 19Various Artists — Boomerang Soundtrack (1992)
Foggieraw — "Prolly" (2018)
BRYN (feat. Yung Fume) — "Pull Up" (2018)May 18Desiigner — L.O.D. (2018)May 17N/AMay 16N/AMay 15N/AMay 14N/AMay 13N/AMay 12April + Vista — "Own2" (2018)
Amy Grant — "Say It With a Kiss" (2018)
Jodeci — The Show, the After-Party, the Hotel (1995)May 11Playboi Carti — Die Lit (2018)May 10Leon Bridges — Good Thing (2018)
Rob $tone — Young Rob $tone (2018)
Jeremy Zucker — glisten (2018)
Yung Gravy — Snow Cougar (2018)
Amber Mark — Conexão (2018)May 9BlocBoy JB — SIMI (2018)
6 Dogs & Danny Wolf — 6 Wolves (2018)
Slim Jxmmi — Jxmtro (2018)
Swae Lee — Swaecation (2018)
Rae Sremmurd — SR3MM (2018)
Tove Styrke — Sway (2018)May 8Playboi Carti — "Foreign" (2018)
L.A. Salami — The City of Bootmakers (2018)
Laura Veirs — The Lookout (2018)
Jim Jones — Wasted Talent (2018)
nothing,nowhere. — ruiner (2018)May 7Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth — The Main Ingredient (1994)
Childish Gambino — "This Is America" (2018)
Madeline Kenney — Night Night at the First Landing (2017)
Annmarie — Tripolar (2018)
Georgi Jacobs — "Hard to Love" (2018)
Elle Teresa — KAWAII BUBBLY LOVELY (2018)May 6702 — No Doubt (1996)
A$AP Ferg — Still Striving (2017)
Madeline Kenney — Signals (2016)
21 Savage & Metro Boomin — Savage Mode (2016)
Trippie Redd — A Love Letter to You (2017)
Wintertime — I Know What You Did Last Winter (2016)
Cassy London — Realm (2017)May 5Cassy London — "Wonderland" (2016)
Diego Money — Go Diego EP (2017)May 4Diego Money — Diego & Friends (2017)
Evangeline Joy — Verbatim (2013)
Karen Waldrup — "Warm in Your Sunshine" (2017)
Phoebe Ryan — James (2017)
Nadia — Rebel (2017)
Jxck Kelly — "Nancy" (2018)
Jxck Kelly — "Nothing" (2018)
K. Cero — Songs About You (2017)
Soduh — The Crocodile (2018)May 3Phoebe Ryan — Mine EP (2015)
Ashaya — November (2016)
Evan Diamond — "Intersections" (2018)
Vai Petri — "Criminal" (2018)
Vai Petri — "Let Live" (2017)
Analisa Corral — Sugar Pills - Pack 1 (2018)
Kara Elyse — "Take Control" (2018)
Aced Spade (feat. Lé, Kiim Bosh, D. Laflair & Marko Stat$) — "Outta Sight" (2018)May 2Carnage — Battered Bruised & Bloody (2018)
Ciaran Lavery — Sweet Decay (2018)
Robert Glasper Experiment — Robert Glasper x KAYTRANADA: The ArtScience Remixes (2018)
Robotaki — Science (2018)
Skizzy Mars — are you OK? (2018)
Bazzi — COSMIC (2018)May 1Famous Dex — Dex Meets Dexter (2018)
The Aces — When My Heart Felt Volcanic (2018)
The Longshot — The Longshot EP (2018)
Luniz — No Pressure (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — Beware the Book of Eli (2018)
Kanye West — "Lift Yourself" (2018)
Cardi B — Invasion of Privacy (2018)
Serayah — Addicted (2018)
Sigrid — Raw (2018)
Smokepurpp & Murda Beatz — Bless Yo Trap (2018)
Young Thug — Hear No Evil (2018)
isaac gracie — isaac gracie (2018)
Sofi Tukker — Treehouse (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "God's Plan" (2018)
Moon Taxi (feat. Sofi Tukker) — "Two High (Sofi Tukker Remix)" (2018)
Terri Clark & Dallas Smith — "One Drink Ago" (2018)
Ne-Yo, Bebe Rexha & Stefflon Don — "PUSH BACK" (2018)
Daryl Hall & John Oates (feat. Train) — "Philly Forget Me Not" (2018)
THEY. & DEAN — "Dante's Creek (deantrbl Remix)" (2018)
Nelly (feat. Jacquees) — "Freaky with You" (2018)
Amine (feat. Injury Reserve) — "Campfire" (2018)
Ralo & P.Skud — "Don't Worry" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — "Meant to Be (Acoustic)" (2018)
Jenny Hval — "Spells" (2018)
Calpurnia — "Louie" (2018)
DREAMS — "Silence" (2018)
Gang Gang Dance — "Lotus (edit)" (2018)
Royce da 5'9" (feat. Ashley Sorrell) — "Stay Woke" (2018)AprilApril 30Chaos Chaos — "Pink Politics" (2018)
La Luz — "The Creature" (2018)
REMMI — "Desperate" (2018)
Couros — "Young" (2018)
Highasakite — "Out of Order" (2018)
Mavi Phoenix — "Yellow" (2018)
TOMI — "Every Morning I Feel Like Running Away" (2018)
Wet — "Soften" (2018)
Asteph — "No One Will Smile" (2018)
AUGUST 08 — "Lately" (2018)
Alae — "Stone Cold" (2018)
Jackson Penn — "Babylon" (2018)
Morgan Wallen — "Happy Hour" (2018)
Allen Stone — "Brown Eyed Lover" (2018)
Higher Brothers & DJ Snake — "Made in China" (2018)
The Shires — "The Hard Way" (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "The Mountain" (2018)
Kideko — "Good Thing" (2018)
Marian Hill — "Wish You Would" (2018)
Powers Pleasant (feat. Joey Bada$$ & A$AP Ferg) — "Pull Up" (2018)
Tritonal (feat. Riley Clemmons) — "Out My Mind (Club Mix)" (2018)
Bearson (feat. Ashe) — "Get Lost" (2018)
Cole Swindell  — "Somebody's Been Drinkin'" (2018)
Ekali & Medasin (feat. Elohim) — "Forever" (2018)
Christopher — "Bad" (2018)
Amy Shark — "I Said Hi" (2018)
50 Cent (feat. PnB Rock) — "Crazy" (2018)
SATICA — "Inner Child" (2018)
DJ Megan Ryte (feat. Tory Lanez & HoodCelebrityy) — "On & On" (2018)
John Splithoff — "Raye" (2018)
Gavin James — "Always" (2018)
Aries — "SAYONARA" (2018)
Juice WRLD — "All Girls Are the Same" (2018)
Brandy Burnette & Dwilly (feat. Kayo Genesis) — "Hands Down" (2018)
BATE (feat. Blake Rose & Radio 3000) — "One I Love" (2018)
Florence + the Machine — "Sky Full of Song" (2018)
Cash Cash (feat. Abir) — "Finest Hour" (2018)
Louis the Child (feat. Wafia) — "Better Not" (2018)
5 Seconds of Summer — "Youngblood" (2018)
ZAYN — "Let Me" (2018)
G-Eazy (feat. Yo Gotti & YBN Nahmir) — "1942" (2018)
Gianna Adams — I Don't Know (2018)
Drake — "Nice for What" (2018)
Catherine McGrath — "Wild" (2018)
Trinidad Cordova — "Even If" (2018)
Youngr — "Drive" (2018)
Marshmello & Anne-Marie (feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie) — "FRIENDS (A Boogie Wit da Hoodie Remix)" (2018)April 29Empress Of — Trust Me Baby / In Dreams (2018)
Derek Minor (feat. Dre Murray, Chino Dollaz & Anesha Birchett) — "Decisions" (2018)
Phora — "Come Thru" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "enemies?" (2018)
Patrick Paige II (feat. Syd & Kari Faux) — "On My Mind / Charge It to the Game" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — "Chun-Li" (2018)
King Princess — "Talia" (2018)
Swae Lee (feat. Slim Jxmmi) — "Guatemala" (2018)
Lil Pump — "Esskeetit" (2018)
Bebe Rexha (feat. Quavo) — "2 Souls on Fire" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — "Ferrari" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — "Barbie Tingz" (2018)
Keith Urban — Graffiti U (2018)
Half Waif — Lavender (2018)
Janelle Monáe — Dirty Computer (2018)
We Are Scientists — Megaplex (2018)
Cicada Rhythm — Everywhere I Go (2018)
Twin Shadow — Caer (2018)April 28Elohim — Elohim (2018)
Sarah Reeves — Easy Never Needed You (2018)
Buzzy Lee — Facepaint (2018)
XXXTENTACION — ? (2018)
Anne-Marie — Speak Your Mind (2018)
SahBabii (feat. 21 Savage) — "Outstanding" (2018)
Peso da Mafia — "About Us" (2018)
Codes — GO DOWN / THAT CRACK (2018)April 27NEEDTOBREATHE — "Darling" (2018)
Kailee Morgue — "Fuck U" (2018)
Meg Myers — "Numb" (2018)
Shea Diamond — "Keisha Complexion" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie — "Right Moves" (2018)
Tee Grizzley (feat. Lil Yachty) — "2 Vaults" (2018)
Aloe Blacc — "Brooklyn in the Summer" (2018)
The Internet — "Roll! (Burbank Funk)" (2018)
Clairo — "4EVER" (2018)
Jason Mraz — "Have It All" (2018)
Imagine Dragons — Evolve (2017)
Onyx — Black Rock (2018)
Young Scooter — Trippple Cross (2018)April 26Towkio — WWW. (2018)
Black Milk — FEVER (2018)
Blac Youngsta — 223 (2018)
Quinn XCII — The Story of Us (Deluxe Tracks) (2018)
Quinn XCII — The Story of Us (2017)April 25J. Cole — "Want You to Fly" (2017)
Skool Boy (Skoolie 300) — After Skool Vol. 1 (2009)April 24S. Carey — Hundred Acres (2018)
SOB X RBE — GANGIN (2018)
Kodak Black — Heart Break Kodak (HBK) (2018)
Rockstar Marqo — Fuck Rap'n (2018)
The Dopplegangaz — "Fajita Effect" (2018)
Ugly God — just a lil something before the album... (2018)April 23E-40 & B-Legit — Connected and Respected (2018)
ALLBLACK — Outcalls (2018)
Katelyn Tarver — "LY4L" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Cathedral (Acoustic)" (2017)
Princess Nokia — A Girl Cried Red (2018)
Tinashe — Joyride (2018)
The Paper Kites — On the Train Ride Home (2018)
Mýa — T.K.O. (The Knock Out) (2018)
Bishop Briggs — Church of Scars (2018)
Lord Huron — Vide Noir (2018)
The Chainsmokers — Sick Boy (2018)
Sasha Sloan — sad girl (2018)
Anna Leone — Wandered Away (2018)
Carrie Underwood — "Cry Pretty" (2018)
Lykke Li — deep end / hard rain (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — PRETTYMUCH an EP (2018)April 22A$AP TyY — Best Kept Secret (2016)
A$AP TyY — Troubles of the World (2018)
A$AP Rocky — "Herojuana Blunts" (2018)
Thouxanbanfauni — The EXFiles (2017)
XVL Hendrix — Blessings & a Curse 2 (2018)
Thouxanbanfauni — Heavy Weight Champ (2017)
Flatbush ZOMBiES — Vacation in Hell (2018)April 21Migo Domingo — Menace II Society (2018)
A$AP Ant — The Best of A$AP Ant 2017 (2018)
Off Bloom — "Love Actually" (2018)
Halsey (feat. Stefflon Don) — "Alone (Calvin Harris Remix)" (2018)
Jack & Jack — "Stay with Me" (2018)
JGrrey — "Growing" (2018)
FIDLAR — "Alcohol" (2018)
Mahalia — "No Reply" (2018)
AURORA — "Queendom" (2018)
Channel Tres — "Controller" (2018)
Hobo Johnson — "Peach Scone" (2018)
Calvin Harris & Dua Lipa — "One Kiss" (2018)
Wiz Khalifa — "420 Freestyle" (2018)
Schilly (feat. Nessly) — "Higher" (2018)
Caitie Hurst — "How Could I Be Silent" (2018)
Vacationer — "Being Here" (2018)
KB — "No Chains" (2018)
Cam — "Palace (Cover)" (2018)
L.I.F.T — "WANNA DIE" (2018)
Anik Khan (feat. Burna Boy & Sango) — "Oh My" (2018)
Naughty Boy, RAY BLK & Wyclef Jean — "All or Nothing" (2018)
Hyphen Hyphen — "KND" (2018)
Rae Sremmurd (feat. Travis Scott) — "CLOSE" (2018)
Jeremy Zucker (feat. Chelsea Cutler) — "better off" (2018)
6 Dogs (feat. Lil Skies) — "Off the Gas" (2018)
Jean Deaux — "SSN (They Say)" (2018)
CRUISR — "Mind Eraser" (2018)
Anne-Marie — "2002" (2018)
Caitie Hurst — "Nothing to Hide" (2018)
Leon Bridges — "Beyond" (2018)
iZNiiK — "round the world" (2018)
BURNS (feat. Maluma & Rae Sremmurd) — "Hands on Me" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie (feat. Tory Lanez) — "Best Friend" (2018)
Khalid, 6LACK & Ty Dolla $ign — "OTW" (2018)
Prince — "Nothing Compares 2 U" (2018)
VHS Collection — "One" (2018)
Courtney Barnett — "City Looks Pretty" (2018)
VanJess — "Addicted" (2018)
Casey Veggies (feat. Wiz Khalifa) — "Show Off" (2018)
Bas (feat. Correy C) — "Pinball II" (2018)
Shae Jacobs — "Space" (2018)
Confetti — "When I Grow Up" (2018)
Bahari — "Savage" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "No Recess" (2018)
Warhol.SS — "Birds Nest" (2018)April 20Billie Eilish & Khalid — "lovely" (2018)
Russ (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Basement" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "I Like That" (2018)
Ariana Grande — "no tears left to cry" (2018)
J. Cole — KOD (2018)April 19Yung Bans — Yung Bans Vol. 4 (2018)
Berhana — "Whole Wide World" (2018)
RuthAnne — "The Vow" (2018)
Ray LaMontagne — "Such a Simple Thing" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Something About You" (2018)
BlocBoy JB (feat. 21 Savage) — "Rover 2.0" (2018)
San Holo (feat. Taska Black) — "Right Here, Right Now" (2018)
Underoath — "Rapture" (2018)
Snail Mail — "Pristine" (2018)
Mr. Popular — "Price Is Right" (2018)
Marc Scibilia — "Over You" (2018)
Eminem (feat. Kehlani) — "Nowhere Fast (Extended Version)" (2018)
Steve Angello & Sam Martin — "Nothing Scares Me Anymore" (2018)
Thandi Phoenix — "My Way" (2018)
Steve Aoki & Quintino — "Mayhem" (2018)
CVIRO & GXNXVS — "Lady" (2018)
Chloe x Halle — The Kids Are Alright (2018)
Alec King — "Keep It Real" (2018)
Spencer Ludwig — "Just Wanna Dance" (2018)
Goody Grace — Infinite (2018)
joan — "i loved you first" (2018)
Ernest K., Case Arnold & Bryant Taylorr — "I Love My City" (2018)
Jack & Jack — "I Don't Know" (2018)
Nightly — "Holding On" (2018)
Bazzi — "Honest" (2018)
Hiss Golden Messenger — Hiss Golden Messenger Meets Spacebomb (2018)
FINNEAS — "Heaven" (2018)
No Jumper (feat. Tay-K & BlocBoy JB) — "Hard" (2018)
070 Shake — Glitter (2018)
Sonta — In My Feelings (2017)
Jason Aldean — "Gettin' Warmed Up" (2018)
NONONO — "Friends" (2018)
kiLL edward — "Tidal Wave (just a little reference)" (2018)
Two Door Cinema Club — Four Words to Stand On (2018)
Kodaline — "Follow Your Fire" (2018)
David Guetta & Sia — "Flames" (2018)
Golden Features — "Falling Out" (2018)
Let's Eat Grandma — "Falling into Me" (2018)
Mishegas — "Episodes" (2018)
Grizfolk — "Endless Summer" (2018)April 18Trouble & Mike WiLL Made-It — Edgewood (2018)
CHVRCHES — "Miracle" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — "SKIMeetsWorld" (2018)
ELEL — "Early in the Morning" (2018)
Snow Patrol — "Don't Give In" (2018)
Sheck Wes — "Do That" (2018)
Marian Hill — "Differently" (2018)
Ryan Hurd — "Diamonds or Twine" (2018)
Autograf (feat. Lils & Bonsai Mammal) — "Dead Soon" (2018)
Lil Skies (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Creeping" (2018)
Burak Yeter — "Crash" (2018)
Keith Urban (feat. Julia Michaels) — "Coming Home" (2018)
Diplo — California (2018)
NEEDTOBREATHE — "Bridges Burn" (2018)
E^ST — "Blowjob" (2018)
SHY Martin — "Bad in Common" (2018)
The Shadowboxers — Apollo (2018)
Vory — "9.22" (2018)
The Aces — "Waiting for You" (2018)
Zaytoven (feat. Yung Cakes) — "Time Too" (2018)
Mike Jones — "Some Show Me Love" (2018)
Pete Rock (feat. Amxxr) — "Rap Caviar" (2018)
RaeLynn — "Queens Don't" (2018)
SD — Pay Attention (2018)
Noname (feat. Sniperghini) — "Nikey" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — The Neighbourhood (2018)
Jose Guapo — Lingo 2: The Return (2018)
Chief Keef — The Leek Volume 4 (2018)April 17Lil Yachty — Lil Boat 2 (2018)
Migos (feat. Hoodrich Pablo Juan) — "Migo Pablo" (2018)
Foggieraw — Fogtavious Vandross (2018)
Gravediggaz — "Enter the Graveyard Chamber" (2018)
Cautious Clay — "Cold War (Stripped)" (2018)
AJR — "Burn the House Down" (2018)
Waka Flocka Flame, Zaytoven & Big Bank — The Brick House Boyz (2018)
Halsey (feat. Big Sean & Stefflon Don) — "Alone" (2018)
Mary Chapin Carpenter — Sometimes Just the Sky (2018)April 16Frank Ocean — Endless (2016)
Her — Her (2018)
Zhané — Pronounced Jah-Nay (1994)
LSG — Levert.Sweat.Gill (1997)
Cardi B — "Be Careful" (2018)April 15Tove Styrke (feat. Björn Yttling) — "Say My Name (Acoustic Version)" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "... Baby One More Time" (2015)
Tove Styrke — "liability (demo)" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "Mistakes" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "Changed My Mind" (2018)
Tove Styrke — "Say My Name" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "On the Low" (2018)
OutKast — Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik (1994)
Steffany Gretzinger — Blackout (2018)April 14N/AApril 13Doja Cat — Amala (2018)
A Tribe Called Quest — Beats, Rhymes and Life (1996)
A Tribe Called Quest — Midnight Marauders (1993)
Jean Grae & Quelle Chris  — Everything's Fine (2018)April 12Ashley McBryde — Girl Going Nowhere (2018)April 11Craig Mack (feat. Q-Tip) — "Get Down (Q-Tip Remix)" (1994)
Damar Jackson — Unfaithful (2018)
The Voidz — Virtue (2018)April 10DJ Esco — KOLORBLIND (2018)
Bloodboy — "Is Now a Good Time to Ruin Your Life?" (2018)
Kylie Minogue — "Raining Glitter" (2018)
Hinds — "Finally Floating" (2018)
Andra Day — "I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free" (2018)
CHVRCHES — "Never Say Die" (2018)
Tinashe (feat. Ty Dolla $ign & French Montana) — "Me So Bad" (2018)
Billie Eilish — "bitches broken hearts" (2018)
Grace VanderWaal — "Clearly" (2018)
Tori Kelly (feat. The HamilTones) — "Help Us to Love" (2018)
Lizzo — "Fitness" (2018)
Cassadee Pope — "Take You Home" (2018)
Jessie Reyez (feat. Daniel Caesar) — "Figures, a Reprise" (2018)April 9Henry Green — Shift (2018)April 8N/AApril 7A$AP Rocky (feat. BlocBoy JB) — "Bad Company" (2018)
Ty Dolla $ign (feat. Gucci Mane & Quavo) - "Pineapple" (2018)
ARTY — "Rain" (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "OKRA" (2018)
Lauv — "Chasing Fire" (2018)April 6Hayley Kiyoko — Expectations (2018)April 5Rich The Kid — The World Is Yours (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — Golden Hour (2018)
The Weeknd — My Dear Melancholy, (2018)
Louisa (feat. 2 Chainz) — "YES" (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "When It's Right" (2018)April 4D'Angelo — Brown Sugar (1995)
Troop — Attitude (1989)April 3Christopher Williams — Changes (1992)April 2Guy — The Future (1990)
Silk — Lose Control (1992)April 1DJ SpinKing (feat. A$AP Ferg, Tyga, Velous & Jeremih) — "Adult Swim" (2014)
Busta Rhymes & Q-Tip — The Abstract and the Dragon (2013)MarchMarch 31H-Town — Fever for da Flavor (1993)March 30The Internet — Feel Good (2013)
The Internet — Ego Death (2015)March 29N/AMarch 28N/AMarch 27N/AMarch 26N/AMarch 25N/AMarch 24Belly (feat. YG) — "4 Days" (2018)
Thirty Seconds to Mars (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "One Track Mind" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "High Horse" (2018)
Shawn Mendes — "Lost in Japan" (2018)
grandson — "thoughts & prayers" (2018)
Panic! At the Disco — Say Amen for Silver Linings (2018)
KYLE (feat. Kehlani) — "Playinwitme" (2018)
Amara La Negra — "Insecure" (2018)
Keith Urban (feat. Julia Michaels) — "Coming Home" (2018)
Shawn Mendes — "In My Blood" (2018)March 23at Wendys — We Beefin? (2018)
Tove Styrke — Kiddo (2018)
Warhol.SS — Where's Warhol? (2017)
MadeinTYO — True's World (2017)
StaRR Lyfe — "Fuck Tomi Lahren (Shut Up Bitch)" (2016)
Warhol.SS — Warhol 16' (2017)
Warhol.SS — 3200 (2017)
Jeremih — The Chocolate Box (2018)March 22Playboi Carti — "Shake N Bake" (2018)
Sammie — Series 31873.0 (2018)
Marshmello (feat. Leah Culver) — "Fly" (2018)
Steffany Gretzinger — "Save Me" (2018)
Jason Derulo — "Colors" (2018)
FLETCHER — "I Believe You" (2018)
KYLE — "To the Moon" (2018)
Vince Staples — "Get the Fuck Off My Dick" (2018)
DROELOE — "Many Words" (2018)
Buddy (feat. A$AP Ferg) — "Black" (2018)
Phora — "Boss Up" (2018)
The Knocks (feat. Foster The People) — "Ride or Die" (2018)
Neko Case — "Hell-On" (2018)
REMMI — "Minimum Wage" (2018)
morgxn — "translucent" (2018)
Ashley Monroe — "Paying Attention" (2018)
The Aces — "Just Like That" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "OK" (2018)
Trinidad James — "T.I.B.E. (This Is Black Excellence)" (2018)
Bankroll Fresh — "Whole 4" (2018)
Loote — "Your Side of the Bed" (2018)
JP Saxe — "The Few Things" (2018)
Years & Years — "Sanctify" (2018)
Alison Wonderland — "No" (2018)
Wifisfuneral — "25 Lighters" (2018)
Johnny Yukon — "Lonely" (2018)
Yoke Lore — "Fake You" (2018)
Sjowgren — "Beginners" (2018)
Barns Courtney — "Sinners" (2018)
Brett Castro — "Much About Sadness" (2018)
Louis The Child (feat. Joey Purp) — "Shake Something" (2018)
Jordan Hollywood — "Cash Out" (2018)
Parquet Courts — "Wide Awake" (2018)
Wet — "There's a Reason" (2018)
Liv Dawson — "Talk" (2018)
Dermot Kennedy — "Young & Free" (2018)
Beach House — "Dive" (2018)
Jon Hopkins — "Emerald Rush" (2018)
Sofi Tukker — "Baby I'm a Queen" (2018)
TRACES — "Before I Wilt" (2018)
Spazz Cardigan — "Episode" (2018)
CXLOE — "Monster" (2018)March 21Necklace — "Easy" (2018)
George Ezra — "Hold My Girl" (2018)
Sea Girls — "Eat Me Whole" (2018)
Shaylen — "Take It Back" (2018)
Salt Cathedral — "No Love" (2018)
Lil Jay Brown — Money Luvin Youngin: The Lick Tape (2018)
John Wic — One Gunman (2018)
Famous Dex & Polo Boy Shawty — When Polo Met Dexter (2018)March 20Astrid S — Party's Over (Acoustic) (2017)
Bell Biv DeVoe — Poison (1990)
Mobb Deep — The Infamous Archives (2007)
Sy Ari da Kid — After the Heartbreak (2018)March 19Jonathan Wilson — Rare Birds (2018)
Current Joys — A Different Age (2018)March 18Cape Cope — How to Socialise & Make Friends (2018)March 17N/AMarch 16N/AMarch 15Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien" (2018)
Katie Herzig — Moment of Bliss (2018)March 14Haley Heynderickx — I Need to Start a Garden (2018)March 13The Breeders — All Nerve (2018)
Waka Flocka Flame — Benjamin Flocka (2011)March 12Moby — Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt (2018)
The Undercover Dream Lovers — In Real Time (2018)
Larry June — You're Doing Good (2018)
Moss Kena — Found You in 06 (2018)
JOY. — Six (2018)March 11N/AMarch 10Mikky Ekko — ADVANCE COPY EP (2018)
Margaret Glaspy — Born Yesterday (2018)
Valee — GOOD Job, You Found Me (2018)
Soccer Mommy — Clean (2018)March 9Nessly — Wildflower (2018)
ALMA — Heavy Rules Mixtape (2018)
Superorganism — Superorganism (2018)
Lucius — NUDES (2018)
Mt. Joy — Mt. Joy (2018)March 8Tory Lanez — MEMORIES DON'T DIE (2018)March 7B5 — B5 (2005)
Digable Planets — Blowout Comb (1994)March 6Digable Planets — Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and Space) (1993)
B2K — B2K (2002)March 5Sophie Rose — "Pink Lipstick" (2018)
Subway — Good Times (1995)
Katelyn Tarver — "Never Fade" (2018)
Casey Veggies (feat. 03 Greedo) — "Broke" (2018)
UnoTheActivist (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Fabo (Remix)" (2018)
Madge — "Fight or Flight Club" (2018)
Frankie Simone — "War Paint" (2018)
Funky Craig & Tommie Sunshine — "Where the Drums At" (2018)
BOBI ANDONOV — "Smoke" (2018)
Molly Moore — "Tough Love" (2018)
Maths Time Joy (feat. Flores) — "Going Nowhere" (2018)
What So Not (feat. Winona Oak) — "Beautiful" (2018)
Saba — "Busy" (2018)
TV Noise (feat. Drew Love) — "Run" (2018)
Now, Now — "AZ" (2018)
Amber Mark — "Love Me Right" (2018)
Northern Faces — "Firecracker" (2018)
Carlos Vara — "Numb" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — "Nervous" (2018)
pronoun — "run" (2018)
XXXTENTACION — "changes" (2018)
Young Fathers — "Toy" (2018)
EBEN — "LAMBO" (2018)
Fickle Friends — "Wake Me Up" (2018)
XXXTENTACION — "SAD!" (2018)
Zaytoven (feat. Ty Dolla $ign, Jeremih & OJ da Juiceman) — "What You Think" (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Gucci Mane) — "We Don't Luv Em (Remix)" (2018)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Smooky's Story" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "Sauce Baby" (2018)
Lil Yachty (feat. Digital Nas) — "Revenge" (2018)
Flatbush Zombies — "Headstone" (2018)
Kap G & Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "Boss Luv" (2018)
Jose Guapo (feat. Young Scooter) — "Blame It on the Streets" (2018)
Miriam Bryant — "Black Car" (2018)
nothing,nowhere. — "hammer" (2018)
Coast Modern — "Electric Feel" (2018)
Godsmack — "Bulletproof" (2018)
The Moondoggies — "Sick in Bed" (2018)
Hawthorne Heights — "Pink Hearts" (2018)
Everette — "Slow Roll" (2018)
Natalie Prass — "Short Court Style" (2018)
Fedel — Gold Package (2018)
The Blaze — "HEAVEN" (2018)
The Kills — "Steppin' Razor" (2018)
The Kills — "List of Demands (Reparations)" (2018)March 4Little Dragon — "Best Friends" (2018)
Ryan Kinder — "Leap of Faith" (2018)
Smokepurpp & Murda Beatz — "123" (2018)
Tom Misch (feat. De La Soul) — "It Runs Through Me" (2018)
SG Lewis — "Coming Up" (2018)
Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell — "Magic" (2018)
Jordan Davis — "Going 'Round" (2018)
LA Riots — Do Your Thing/All Good (2018)
Joyner Lucas & Chris Brown — "Stranger Things" (2018)
Fisher — "Crowd Control" (2018)
MVEK — "Tongue" (2018)
Flo Rida — "Dancer" (2018)
Jack White — "Over and Over and Over" (2018)
Gucci Mane (feat. Migos & Lil Yachty) — "Solitaire" (2018)
Meghan Trainor — "No Excuses" (2018)
CHVRCHES (feat. Matt Berninger) — "My Enemy" (2018)
DJ Khaled (feat. JAY Z, Future & Beyoncé) — "Top Off" (2018)
Zapp — Zapp II (1982)
Illegal — The Untold Truth (1993)
Another Bad Creation — It Ain't What U Wear, It's How U Play It (1993)
Another Bad Creation — Coolin' at the Playground Ya Know! (1991)
Zapp — Zapp (1980)
Marqo 2 Fresh — Marqo da Monster (2016)
N II U — N II U (1994)March 3Young Nudy (feat. Hoodrich Pablo Juan) — "Do It" (2016)
RX Peso — Rixh Drugs (2018)March 2Playboi Carti — "Shawty in Love" (2018)
Confetti — "People Suck" (2018)
Max Frost — "Good Morning" (2018)
Svrcina — "Whispers" (2018)
Ramz — "Power" (2018)
Jake Miller (feat. Jabbar Hakeem) — "The Girl That's Underneath" (2018)
Sigala (feat. Paloma Faith) — "Lullaby" (2018)
VanJess (feat. Berhana & Leikeli47) — "Easy" (2018)
Yung Fume & Zaytoven (feat. Young Nudy) — "Something Else" (2018)
Timeflies — "Are You Down" (2018)
Pentatonix — "Havana" (2018)
Tritonal (feat. Riley Clemmons) — "Out My Mind" (2018)
Preme — "No Defeat" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — "DoIHaveTheSause?" (2018)
Sophie Simmons — "Black Mirror" (2018)
The Night Game — "Bad Girls Don't Cry" (2018)
Clara Mae — "I Forgot" (2018)
George Taylor — "Stay Warm" (2018)
KLP (feat. Milwaukee Banks) — "Carried Away" (2018)
Hembree — "Continents" (2018)
Carlie Hanson — "Us" (2018)
Vancouver Sleep Clinic — "Ayahuasca" (2018)
Alex Lustig (feat. Akacia) — "In the End" (2018)
Robinson — "Nothing to Regret" (2018)
Nessly (feat. Joji) — "Make It Right" (2018)
NoMBE (feat. Big Data) — "Drama" (2018)
RAYE, Mabel & Stefflon Don — "Cigarette" (2018)
Riz La Vie — "Napkins" (2018)
JOHN.k — "Best of Me" (2018)
Yuno — "No Going Back" (2018)
Emma McGrath — "Love You Better" (2018)
Superorganism — "Reflections on the Screen" (2018)
King Princess — "1950" (2018)
Mickey Shiloh (feat. Rami Beatz) — "Funny When" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Lottery (Acoustic)" (2018)
Ray J (feat. Kid Ink) — "Feeling Like Love" (2018)
Foggieraw (feat. DJ Yung Vamp) — "Moncler Bubble" (2018)
The Aces — "Lovin Is Bible" (2018)
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds — "God Help Us All (Demo Version)" (2018)
Nohidea & killedmyself — "and then, it swallowed me" (2018)
Spice 1 — "2 Many Movies" (2018)
Haux — "Ricochet" (2018)
Ashley Monroe — "Hands on You" (2018)
Zilo — "Keep Up Wimi" (2018)
24hrs (feat. Lil Pump) — "Lie Detector" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "Django Jane" (2018)
GASHI — "1134" (2018)
CeeLo Green — "Brick Road" (2018)
Lewis Capaldi (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Rush" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "Space Cowboy" (2018)
Bishop Briggs — "White Flag" (2018)
5 Seconds of Summer — "Want You Back" (2018)
Bazzi — "Gone" (2018)
David Guetta, Martin Garrix & Brooks — "Like I Do" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "Buterflies" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "Make Me Feel" (2018)
Logic — "44 More" (2018)
Post Malone (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "Psycho" (2018)
Stalley — Tell the Truth Shame the Devil, Vol. 2 (2018)
Stalley — Tell the Truth Shame the Devil (2017)
Cautious Clay — Blood Type (2018)March 1Holly Miranda — Mutual Horse (2018)
Caroline Rose — LONER (2018)
Bea Miller — aurora (2018)FebruaryFebruary 28B.o.B — B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray (2010)
Young Nudy — Nudy Land (2017)
Beyoncé — B'Day (2006)
DENM — Is Whatever (2018)February 27Snoop Dogg— 220 (2018)
Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd & SZA — Black Panther: The Album (Music from and Inspired By) (2018)
Young Nudy — Slime Ball 2 (2017)
Young Nudy — Slime Ball (2016)February 26Tinashe — Aquarius (2014)
Fat Joe & Remy Ma (feat. French Montana, InfaRed, Snoop Dogg, The Game & E-40) — "All the Way Up (Westside Remix)" (2016)
Pale Waves  — ALL THE THINGS I NEVER SAID (2018)
Kero Kero Bonito — TOTEP (2018)
Sonder — Into (2017)
Ravyn Lenae — Crush EP (2018)
Charlotte Day Wilson — Stone Woman (2018)
Good Gas — Good Gas, Vol. 1 EP (2018)
2 Chainz — The Play Don't Care Who Makes It (2018)
BoA — ONE SHOT, TWO SHOT - The 1st Mini Album (2018)February 256ix9ine — DAY69 (2018)
Various Artists — Fifty Shades Freed (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
A$AP Ant — The Prelude (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan & Brodinski — The Matrix (2018)February 24Scrape Gang Marcos (feat. Marqo 2 Fresh) — "Went to Sleep" (2017)
Timbaland & Magoo — Welcome to Our World (1997)
Playa — Cheers 2 U (1998)
Tha Dogg Pound — Dogg Food (1995)
Madilyn Bailey — Wiser EP (2016)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Hacked My Instagram, Pts. 1 & 2" (2017)February 23DrugRixh Hect (RX Hector) — Hector Vol. 1 (2017)
Flatlinerz — U.S.A. (1994)
Gravediggaz — 6 Feet Deep (1994)
Joe — All That I Am (1997)
Amil — A.M.I.L. (All Money Is Legal) (2000)February 22Wale — Summer on Sunset (2016)
Ray J — All I Feel (2008)
Valerie June — For the Loved & Loveless (2018)
Madison McFerrin — Finding Foundations Vol. II (2018)February 21DrugRixh Hect (RX Hector) — Ian Never Had Shit (2016)
Ugly God (feat. PnB Rock) — "Imma Dog" (2018)
Sean Paul & David Guetta (feat. Becky G) — "Mad Love" (2018)
Tory Lanez — "B.I.D" (2018)
Wale — "All Star Break Up" (2018)
Tinashe (feat. Future) — "Faded Love" (2018)
YG — "Suu Whoop" (2018)February 20Kim Petras — "Heart to Break" (2018)
Sammi Sanchez (feat. Reykon) — "Pum Pum" (2018)
SOPHIE — "Faceshopping" (2018)
Derek Minor — "It Is What It Is" (2018)
Madilyn Bailey — "Tetris" (2018)
Sofia Reyes (feat. Jason Derulo & De La Ghetto) — "1, 2, 3" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — "Void" (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — "10,000 Hours" (2018)
Lauv — "Getting Over You" (2018)
Khalid & Normani — "Love Lies" (2018)
Frank Ocean — "Moon River" (2018)
A$AP Rocky (feat. 21 Savage, Gucci Mane & London on da Track) — "Cocky" (2018)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Honeyberry" (2017)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Hacked My Instagram" (2018)February 19N/AFebruary 18N/AFebruary 17N/AFebruary 16N/AFebruary 15Alyson Stoner — "Someone to Call My Lover" (2018)February 14Rome — Rome (1997)February 13DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell: Part 1 (Remastered) (2014)
6LACK — "Cutting Ties" (2018)
Mindless Behavior — All Around the World (2013)
DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell 2 (1995)
Joe — Ain't Nothin' Like Me (2007)February 12DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell (1994)
Marshmello & Anne-Marie — "FRIENDS" (2018)
Lotto Savage — Don Slaughter (2016)
Monica — After the Storm (2003)
Gianna Adams (feat. Jhen) — "Fallen" (2018)February 11Thouxanbanfauni — Heavy (2015)
Thouxanbanfauni — Untitled (2016)
Brandy — Afrodisiac (2004)
August Alsina — Testimony (2014)
Thouxanbanfauni — Heavier EP (2015)
Thouxanbanfauni — 34 EP (2016)
Keith Sweat (feat. K-Ci) — "How Many Ways" (2018)
Parliament (feat. Scarface) — "I'm Gon Make U Sick O'Me" (2018)
Trinidad James — "Zion" (2018)
K. Michelle (feat. Nathan Jain) — "Make This Song Cry (Nathan Jain Remix)" (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Lil Dude & Goonew) — "Take Down" (2018)
Sherwood Marty — "Wild'n" (2018)
MadeinTYO — "Picture Me Rollin" (2018)
Snoop Dogg (feat. Tye Tribbett) — "You" (2018)
Onyx (feat. Skyzoo) — "Ima Fuckin Rockstar" (2018)February 10Jennifer Lopez — "Us" (2018)
The Aces — "Volcanic Love" (2018)
Tedashii — "Smile" (2018)
Fireflight — "I Won't Look Back" (2018)
Dorothy — "Who Do You Love" (2018)
Sonder — "One Night Only" (2018)
grandson — "Overdose" (2018)
Au/Ra — "Panic Room" (2018)
King Combs (feat. Chris Brown) — "Love You Better" (2018)
Ne-Yo — "GOOD MAN" (2018)
Rich The Kid — "Plug Walk" (2018)
Noah Cyrus (feat. MØ) — "We Are..." (2018)
A-Trak & Falcons (feat. Young Thug & 24hrs) — "Ride for Me" (2018)
Brent Faiyaz — "Make Luv" (2018)
Calvin Harris (feat. PARTYNEXTDOOR) — "Nuh Ready Nuh Ready" (2018)
Billy Paul — 360 Degrees of Billy Paul (1972)
Justin Timberlake — The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 (2013)February 9Goonew — Goonwick (2018)
Miilkbone — da' Miilkrate (1995)February 8Justin Timberlake — The 20/20 Experience (2010)
ARY — "Childhood Dreams" (2017)
Bell Biv DeVoe — "Gangsta" (1993)
Anjali World — Brave New World (2015)
Sabrina Carpenter — "Smoke and Fire" (2016)
Hodgy — Fireplace: TheNotTheOtherSide (2016)
The Aces — I Don't Like Being Honest (2017)
69 Boyz — 199Quad (1994)
Keyshia Cole — 11:11 Reset (2017)February 7The Isley Brothers — 3+3 (1973)
Mike Jones — Who Is Mike Jones? (Screwed & Chopped) (2005)
Da Youngsta's — I'll Make U Famous (1995)
Twista — Adrenaline Rush (1997)February 63LW — 3LW (2000)
Beyoncé — 4 (2012)
R. Kelly — 12 Play (1993)
B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e (Bone Thugs-N-Harmony) — Faces of Death (1993)
Mindless Behavior — #1 Girl (2011)February 5Nebu Kiniza — "Gassed Up" (2016)
Charlotte Lawrence — "The Finish Line" (2014)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Ever After" (2015)
Jahi Winston — "Shine" (2017)
Teairra Marí — "Deserve" (2014)
School Gyrls (FOREVER) — A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day (2010)
A1 (feat. Chris Brown & Ty Dolla $ign) — "Always" (2017)
Kendrick Lamar — DAMN. (2017)
Chance The Rapper — Coloring Book (2016)
Booby Gibson (feat. Brooke Valentine) — "Nobody Knows" (2017)
Migos & Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "I Can" (2017)
Migos — Culture (2017)
Zoey Dollaz — M'ap Boule (2017)
Ski Mask The Slump God — YouWillRegret (Reloaded) (2018)
Brontë — "Salt" (2017)
Hailee Steinfeld & BloodPop® — "Capital Letters" (2018)
Brontë — "You've Got a Ticket" (2017)February 4Playboi Carti & Lil Uzi Vert — "Break the Bank" (2017)
Bishop Briggs — "Never Tear Us Apart" (2018)
Quinn XCII — "Iron & Steel" (2018)
Brandi Carlile — "Whatever You Do" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Feel the Waters" (2018)
Busta Rhymes (feat. Missy Elliott & Kelly Rowland) — "Get It" (2018)
Rick Ross (feat. T-Pain & Kodak Black) — "Florida Boy" (2018)
RaeLynn — "Festival" (2018)
The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar — "Pray for Me" (2018)
Molly Parden — "Who Did You Leave for Me" (2018)
Caitlyn Canty — "Motel" (2018)
Caroline Rose — "Getting to Me" (2018)
Fitness — "Matter of Time" (2018)
Thunderpussy — "Torpedo Love" (2018)
Trinidad Cardona — "Dinero" (2018)
Doja Cat — "Roll With Us" (2018)
TK Kravitz (feat. Jacquees) — "Ocean" (2018)
CLOVES — "Bringing the House Down" (2018)
3LAU & Nevve — "On My Own" (2018)
Sasha Sloan — "Normal" (2018)
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony — Strength & Loyalty (2007)February 3Tay-K — "After You" (2018)
SWV — It's About Time (1992)
Sammie — Coming of Age (2017)
Mariah Carey — The Emancipation of Mimi (2005)February 2Members Only — Members Only, Vol. 3 (2017)
Jeremih & Chance The Rapper — Merry Christmas Lil' Mama (Re-Wrapped) (2017)
Private Club Records — ILUVTPC V1 (2017)
Sauce Walka — Holy Sauce (2016)
Chris Brown, OHB & Section Boyz — Attack the Block (2016)
Goonew — Certified Goon (2017)
Chris Brown & OHB — Before da Trap: Nights in Tarzana (2016)February 1Zoedajit — "Dracula" (2017)
24hrs — "RUNNIN 3X" (2016)
24hrs — "Last Man" (2016)
YRN Lingo — Strawberry (2017)
YRN Lingo — Coming for Your Ice (2015)
YRN Lingo — Blue Ski (2016)
Plies — The Pussy Monster (2008)
YRN Lingo — Red Ski (2015)JanuaryJanuary 31Mango Foo — Ear Hustling (2016)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Seventeen" (2017)
Moon Taxi — Let the Record Play (2018)
Emmanuel Hudson & Phillip Hudson — Ratchet Du Soleil (2014)
SiR — November (2018)January 30Ray J & Chris Brown — Burn My Name (2017)
Fall Out Boy — M A N  I  A (2018)
Noname — Telefone (2016)January 29YRN Lingo — Lingo Mufasa (2017)
Famous Dex — Read About It (2017)
UnoTheActivist — Sorry for the Wait (Brooke's Interlude) (2017)
Kailee Morgue — Medusa (2018)
Julia Michaels — "Heaven" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Sleep Talking" (2017)
LEYYA — Sauna (2018)
Caitlyn Smith — Starfire (2018)
MILCK — This Is Not the End (2018)
First Aid Kit — Ruins (2018)
For All Seasons — Clarity (2018)January 28Ivy Sole — Eden (2016)
Ivy Sole — West (2017)January 27UnoTheActivist — Gift of Gab (2015)
UnoTheActivist & Thouxanbanfauni — For Christ Sake (2015)
Ravyn Lenae — Moon Shoes EP (2016)
A$AP Ant — "Racks on Me" (2017)
Tory Ruperto — Ruined (2018)January 26Rayana Jay — Morning After (2017)
Charlotte Lawrence — "You're the One That I Want" (2017)
Kent Jones — "Merengue" (2018)
Ace Hood — "Uber" (2018)
Charlotte Day Wilson — "Nothing New" (2018)
The Aces — "Fake Nice" (2018)
I'm With Her — "Overland" (2018)
IDK (feat. Leo Gee) — "Vlone" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Just the Same" (2018)
Elohim — "Fuck Your Money" (2018)
Zaytoven — Trapping Made It Happen (2017)
Beyoncé — LEMONADE (2016)
Various Artists — Damn Son Where'd You F!nd Th!s: Elevate & Extravagant Edition (2018)
Marqo 2 Fresh — 30 Nights in LA (2018)
Bruno Mars — "The Lazy Song (Single Version)" (2011)
Bruno Mars — Doo—Wops & Hooligans (2010)January 25Jamila Woods — HEAVN (2017)
Tammy Rivera — "All These Kisses" (2017)
Pell — girasoul (2017)
Alina Baraz (feat. Khalid) — "Electric" (2017)
Tammy Rivera (feat. Rico Love) — "Only One" (2017)January 24Ta-ku & Wafia — (m)edian (2016)
Queen Naija — "Medicine" (2017)
LIVVIA (feat. Quavo) — "Catch a Body" (2018)January 23Wafia — XXIX (2015)
Casey Veggies — Customized Greatly Vol. 2 (2009)
Sandra Lynn — Fight (2018)
Lil Dude — Martin Luther Luciano (2018)January 22Casey Veggies — Customized Greatly Vol. 1 (2007)
Tinashe (feat. Iggy Azalea) — "All Hands on Deck (Remix)" (2015)January 21Taylor Swift — reputation (2017)
Jay Z — 4:44 (2017)
Sonder — Sheath (2016)
Sonder — Undone (2016)
Sonder — Victoria (2016)January 20Wafia — VIII (2018)
Fredo Santana — Fredo Kruger (2013)
AZ — Doe or Die (1995)
Eazy-E — It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa (1993)
Tyler, The Creator — "Fuck Love" (2009)
TTDD (Tyler, The Creator, Taco, Domo Genesis & Jasper Dolphin) — "Love in da Mall" (2010)
Mac Bari — "Fuck Bron Bron" (2016)
Fredo Santana — It's a Scary Site (2012)
Toni Braxton — "Deadwood" (2017)
Earl St. Clair — "Christmas Without You" (2017)
Anderson East — "Girlfriend" (2018)
Drake — Scary Hours (2018)
Remy Ma (feat. Chris Brown) — "Melanin Magic (Pretty Brown)" (2018)
Nipsey Hussle (feat. YG) — "Last Time That I Checc'd" (2018)
Lucy Dacus — "Addictions" (2018)
Kassi Ashton — "California, Missouri" (2018)
Lolo Zouaï — "Blue" (2018)
Betty Who — "Ignore Me" (2018)
Rita Ora — "PROUD" (2018)
Bella Thorne — "Burn So Bright" (2018)
Ugly God & Jacin Trill — "lettetznow" (2018)
Arty (feat. April Bender) — "Sunrise" (2018)
Keith Urban — "Parallel Love" (2018)
The Chainsmokers — "Sick Boy" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "The Good Side" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "Supplies" (2018)January 19OG Maco & Key! — Give Em Hell (2014)
Various Artists — Above the Rim Soundtrack (1994)
Ludacris — Battle of the Sexes (2010)
Jack Mushroom — One Up (2012)January 18MC Lyte — Ain't No Other (1993)
Heltah Skeltah — Nocturnal (1996)
Tinashe (feat. Offset) — "No Drama" (2018)January 17Tyler, The Creator — "Sleep Freestyle" (2009?)
Chris Brown — Heartbreak on a Full Moon Deluxe Edition: Cuffing Season - 12 Days of Christmas (2017)January 16Yaggfu Front — Action Packed Adventure! (1993)
Channel Live — Station Identification (1995)January 15Chris Brown — Royalty (2015)
Keith Ape & Ski Mask The Slump God — "Achoo!" (2017)
No Plug (feat. 21 Savage) — "A Savage" (2017)
Flatbush ZOMBiES (feat. Deadcats) — "Aries" (2016)
Miranda Cosgrove — "Dancing Crazy" (2010)
Miranda Cosgrove — "Raining Sunshine" (2009)
Katy Perry (feat. Skip Marley) — "Chained to the Rhythm" (2017)
Kap G — "Rings" (2017)
Kate Kay Es — "Working" (2017)
Nebu Kiniza (feat. Lil Yachty) — "Wake Up" (2017)
Jessie J — "Queen" (2017)
Teenage Wrist — "Swallow" (2017)
Sigrid — "Strangers" (2017)
John Legend — "Woodstock" (2017)
Pell — "chirpin'" (2017)
MILCK — "Quiet" (2017)
Nipsey Hussle (feat. Swizz Beatz) — "Been Down" (2017)
DJ Premier (feat. A$AP Ferg) — "Our Streets" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Hood" (2017)
PLAZA — "Pick Up" (2017)
Gorillaz (feat. Little Simz) — "Garage Palace" (2017)
autumn keys — "i can't move" (2016)
CLAY — "Forgotten How to Fly" (2017)
Clean Bandit (feat. Julia Michaels) — "I Miss You" (2017)
Happy Sometimes — "Love for the Weekend" (2017)
Alina Baraz — "Lavender and Velvet" (2017)
Alina Baraz — "Buzzin" (2017)
Lamb Saga (feat. Pi'erre Bourne) — "You Neva Know" (2014)
DrugRixh Scarfo da Plug (Scarfo da Plug)  — "Happier" (2017)
Hayley Kiyoko — "Sleepover" (2017)
Kate Kay Es — "Love Too Hard" (2017)
Tyga — "Temperature" (2017)
The Black Eyed Peas — "STREET LIVIN'" (2018)
K CAMP — "Cranberry Juice" (2018)
Chris Bloom — "Learning Curve" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Money Talk" (2017)
PLAZA — "All Mine" (2017)
YG (feat. DJ Mustard) — "Pop It, Shake It" (2017)
Haley Georgia — "Shots" (2017)
Katelyn Tarver — "Planez" (2016)
Rachel Platten — "Broken Glass" (2017)
Kiiara (feat. Felix Snow) — "Whippin" (2017)
Gianna Adams — "Dear Santa" (2017)
Alessia Cara — "How Far I'll Go" (2016)
24hrs — "You Know" (2016)
24hrs (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Not Impressed" (2016)
Spiffy Global (feat. Rizzoo Rizzoo & Sauce Walka) — "Spill Wit It" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "The Judge" (2017)
Jazmine Sullivan (feat. Bryson Tiller) — "Insecure" (2017)
Willow — "F Q—C # 7" (2015)
Willow — "I Am Me" (2012)
Louisa Johnson — "Forever Young" (2015)
Alicia Eris — "Sweet Kill" (2018)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Vlone Flex" (2018)January 14Chris Brown & Tyga — Fan of a Fan: The Album (2015)
Camila Cabello — Camila (2018)January 13The Neighbourhood — To Imagine (2018)
The Neighbourhood — Hard (2017)
Jade Bird — Something American (2017)
Creek Boyz — "Trap Digits" (2018)
Justine Skye — "Heaven" (2018)
Hayley Kiyoko — "Curious" (2018)
Rhye — "Song for You" (2018)
GASHI — "Used to Be" (2018)
First Aid Kit — "Ruins" (2018)
Audrey Assad — "Drawn to You" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Lottery" (2018)January 12Dua Lipa — "IDGAF" (2018)
Codes — Club Meditation (2018)
Eminem (feat. 2 Chainz & Phresher) — "Chloraseptic (Remix)" (2018)
Kali Uchis (feat. Tyler, The Creator & Bootsy Collins) — "After the Storm" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "My My My!" (2018)
Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & Future — "King's Dead" (2018)
Various Artists — Christmas on Death Row (1996)
Mad Flava — From tha Ground Unda (1994)
Chris Brown — Before the Party (2015)January 11OCHO AOK — "Cookin'" (2017)
Chris Brown — X Files (2013)January 10Chris Brown — X (2014)
Chris Brown — Fortune (2012)January 9Machine Gun Kelly — bloom (2017)
Gucci Mane — El Gato: The Human Glacier (2017)
Travis Scott & Quavo — Huncho Jack, Jack Huncho (2017)
Nohidea & Sleepdealer — Nowhere (2017)
Smoke Trees — Best of Tinder-Dates (2017)
Ayo & Teo — "Like Us" (2017)
Swoope — "Never Left" (2017)
Cassie — "Don't Play It Safe" (2017)
Snoop Dogg & Boyz II Men — "Santa Claus Goes Straight to the Ghetto 2017" (2017)
Migos — "Stir Fry" (2017)
Cardi B (feat. 21 Savage) — "Bartier Cardi" (2017)January 824hrs — Open EP (2016)
Various Artists — Murder Was the Case Soundtrack (1994)
Various Artists — The Show Soundtrack (1995)
Chris Brown — F.A.M.E. (2011)
Lucy Dacus — "Night Shift" (2017)
Wafia — "Only Love" (2017)
Creek Boyz (feat. Lil Yachty) — "With My Team (Remix)" (2017)
Sylvan Esso — "There Are Many Ways to Say I Love You" (2017)
Timbaland (feat. 6LACK) — "Grab the Wheel" (2017)
Kim Petras (feat. lil aaron) — "Faded" (2017)
Charli XCX — Pop 2 (2017)
N.E.R.D — NO_ONE EVER REALLY DIES (2017)
Eminem — Revival (2017)January 7Hoodrich Pablo Juan — Master Sensei (2016)January 6Hoodrich Pablo Juan — Rich Hood (2018)
Caitlyn Smith — "Contact High" (2018)
Joan As Police Woman — "Tell Me" (2018)
MILCK — "This Is Not the End" (2018)
Darlene McCoy — "Even Me" (2018)
Rosie Carney — "K." (2018)
Arlissa & Jonas Blue — "Hearts Ain't Gonna Lie" (2018)
H.E.R. — "My Song" (2018)
cupcakKe — Ephorize (2018)
Lil Pump — "Designer" (2018)
I'm With Her — "Game to Lose" (2018)
Bruno Mars (feat. Cardi B) — "Finesse (Remix)" (2017)January 5Liam Payne & Rita Ora — "For You" (2018)
Kendrick Lamar & SZA — "All the Stars" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "Filthy" (2018)January 4Playboi Carti — In Abundance (2016)
Lil Dude — Luciano 2.0 (2017)
Lil Dude & Goonew — Homicide Boyz (2017)January 3The Jet Age of Tomorrow — God's Poop or Clouds? (2017)
POWERS — "Georgie" (2017)
Morningsiders — "Somewhere in Between" (2017)
Lost Kings — "Don't Call" (2017)
Camila Cabello — "Real Friends" (2017)
Migos & Marshmello — "Danger" (2017)
6ix9ine — "KOODA" (2017)
Trippie Redd (feat. Travis Scott) — "Dark Knight Dummo" (2017)
London on da Track (feat. Young Thug, Ty Dolla $ign, Jeremih & YG) — "Whatever You On" (2017)
Riley Clemmons — "Broken Prayers" (2017)
K. Michelle — KIMBERLY: The People I Used to Know (2017)
T.I. (feat. Young Thug, Lil Wayne & Jeezy) — "About the Money (Remix)" (2014)January 2Camila Cabello — "Never Be the Same" (2017)
Luke Bryan — What Makes You Country (2017)
Big Sean & Metro Boomin — Double or Nothing (2017)
The Jackson 5 — ABC (1970)January 1Aaliyah — Aaliyah (2001)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Marlo) — "The 9 + Z6ne" (2017)
Chris Brown — In My Zone 2 (2010)
Pell  — "All in a Day's Work" (2016)
Ace Hashimoto (feat. RAU DEF) — "Don't Pick Up" (2017)
Playboi Carti (feat. MadeinTYO, Lil Yachty & UnoTheActivist) — "WHAT (Remix)" (2016)
Waka Flocka Flame — Salute Me or Shoot Me 2.5 (2009)
Chris Brown — In My Zone: Rhythm & Streets (

I hopped out of bed early next morning, so as to be among those present when the old boy should arrive. I knew from experience that these ocean liners fetch up at the dock at a deucedly ungodly hour. It wasn't much after nine by the time I'd dressed and had my morning tea and was leaning out of the window, watching the street for Bicky and his uncle. It was one of those jolly, peaceful mornings that make a chappie wish he'd got a soul or something, and I was just brooding on life in general when I became aware of the dickens of a spate in progress down below. A taxi had driven up, and an old boy in a top hat had got out and was kicking up a frightful row about the fare. As far as I could make out, he was trying to get the cab chappie to switch from New York to London prices, and the cab chappie had apparently never heard of London before, and didn't seem to think a lot of it now. The old boy said that in London the trip would have set him back eightpence; and the cabby said he should worry. I called to Jeeves.
"The duke has arrived, Jeeves."
"Yes, sir?"
"That'll be him at the door now."
Jeeves made a long arm and opened the front door, and the old boy crawled in, looking licked to a splinter.
"How do you do, sir?" I said, bustling up and being the ray of sunshine. "Your nephew went down to the dock to meet you, but you must have missed him. My name's Wooster, don't you know. Great pal of Bicky's, and all that sort of thing. I'm staying with him, you know. Would you like a cup of tea? Jeeves, bring a cup of tea."
Old Chiswick had sunk into an arm-chair and was looking about the room.
"Does this luxurious flat belong to my nephew Francis?"
"Absolutely."
"It must be terribly expensive."
"Pretty well, of course. Everything costs a lot over here, you know."
He moaned. Jeeves filtered in with the tea. Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded.
"A terrible country, Mr. Wooster! A terrible country! Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive! Iniquitous!" He took another look round the room. It seemed to fascinate him. "Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr. Wooster?"
"About two hundred dollars a month, I believe."
"What! Forty pounds a month!"
I began to see that, unless I made the thing a bit more plausible, the scheme might turn out a frost. I could guess what the old boy was thinking. He was trying to square all this prosperity with what he knew of poor old Bicky. And one had to admit that it took a lot of squaring, for dear old Bicky, though a stout fellow and absolutely unrivalled as an imitator of bull-terriers and cats, was in many ways one of the most pronounced fatheads that ever pulled on a suit of gent's underwear.
"I suppose it seems rummy to you," I said, "but the fact is New York often bucks chappies up and makes them show a flash of speed that you wouldn't have imagined them capable of. It sort of develops them. Something in the air, don't you know. I imagine that Bicky in the past, when you knew him, may have been something of a chump, but it's quite different now. Devilish efficient sort of chappie, and looked on in commercial circles as quite the nib!"
"I am amazed! What is the nature of my nephew's business, Mr. Wooster?"
"Oh, just business, don't you know. The same sort of thing Carnegie and Rockefeller and all these coves do, you know." I slid for the door. "Awfully sorry to leave you, but I've got to meet some of the lads elsewhere."
Coming out of the lift I met Bicky bustling in from the street.
"Halloa, Bertie! I missed him. Has he turned up?
"He's upstairs now, having some tea."
"What does he think of it all?"
"He's absolutely rattled."
"Ripping! I'll be toddling up, then. Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man. See you later."
"Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy."
He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other.
It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat to dress for dinner.
"Where's everybody, Jeeves?" I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place. "Gone out?"
"His grace desired to see some of the sights of the city, sir. Mr. Bickersteth is acting as his escort. I fancy their immediate objective was Grant's Tomb."
"I suppose Mr. Bickersteth is a bit braced at the way things are going--what?"
"Sir?"
"I say, I take it that Mr. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans."
"Not altogether, sir."
"What's his trouble now?"
"The scheme which I took the liberty of suggesting to Mr. Bickersteth and yourself has, unfortunately, not answered entirely satisfactorily, sir."
"Surely the duke believes that Mr. Bickersteth is doing well in business, and all that sort of thing?"
"Exactly, sir. With the result that he has decided to cancel Mr. Bickersteth's monthly allowance, on the ground that, as Mr. Bickersteth is doing so well on his own account, he no longer requires pecuniary assistance."
"Great Scot, Jeeves! This is awful."
"Somewhat disturbing, sir."
"I never expected anything like this!"
"I confess I scarcely anticipated the contingency myself, sir."
"I suppose it bowled the poor blighter over absolutely?"
"Mr. Bickersteth appeared somewhat taken aback, sir."
My heart bled for Bicky.
"We must do something, Jeeves."
"Yes, sir."
"Can you think of anything?"
"Not at the moment, sir."
"There must be something we can do."
"It was a maxim of one of my former employers, sir--as I believe I mentioned to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there is always a way. I remember his lordship using the expression on the occasion--he was then a business gentleman and had not yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced to be promoting failed to attract the public. He put it on the market under another name as a depilatory, and amassed a substantial fortune. I have generally found his lordship's aphorism based on sound foundations. No doubt we shall be able to discover some solution of Mr. Bickersteth's difficulty, sir."
"Well, have a stab at it, Jeeves!"
"I will spare no pains, sir."
I went and dressed sadly. It will show you pretty well how pipped I was when I tell you that I near as a toucher put on a white tie with a dinner-jacket. I sallied out for a bit of food more to pass the time than because I wanted it. It seemed brutal to be wading into the bill of fare with poor old Bicky headed for the breadline.
When I got back old Chiswick had gone to bed, but Bicky was there, hunched up in an arm-chair, brooding pretty tensely, with a cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth and a more or less glassy stare in his eyes. He had the aspect of one who had been soaked with what the newspaper chappies call "some blunt instrument."
"This is a bit thick, old thing--what!" I said.
He picked up his glass and drained it feverishly, overlooking the fact that it hadn't anything in it.
"I'm done, Bertie!" he said.
He had another go at the glass. It didn't seem to do him any good.
"If only this had happened a week later, Bertie! My next month's money was due to roll in on Saturday. I could have worked a wheeze I've been reading about in the magazine advertisements. It seems that you can make a dashed amount of money if you can only collect a few dollars and start a chicken-farm. Jolly sound scheme, Bertie! Say you buy a hen--call it one hen for the sake of argument. It lays an egg every day of the week. You sell the eggs seven for twenty-five cents. Keep of hen costs nothing. Profit practically twenty-five cents on every seven eggs. Or look at it another way: Suppose you have a dozen eggs. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. The chickens grow up and have more chickens. Why, in no time you'd have the place covered knee-deep in hens, all laying eggs, at twenty-five cents for every seven. You'd make a fortune. Jolly life, too, keeping hens!" He had begun to get quite worked up at the thought of it, but he slopped back in his chair at this juncture with a good deal of gloom. "But, of course, it's no good," he said, "because I haven't the cash."
"You've only to say the word, you know, Bicky, old top."
"Thanks awfully, Bertie, but I'm not going to sponge on you."
That's always the way in this world. The chappies you'd like to lend money to won't let you, whereas the chappies you don't want to lend it to will do everything except actually stand you on your head and lift the specie out of your pockets. As a lad who has always rolled tolerably free in the right stuff, I've had lots of experience of the second class. Many's the time, back in London, I've hurried along Piccadilly and felt the hot breath of the toucher on the back of my neck and heard his sharp, excited yapping as he closed in on me. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse to blighters I didn't care a hang for; yet here was I now, dripping doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand them over, and Bicky, poor fish, absolutely on his uppers, not taking any at any price.
"Well, there's only one hope, then."
"What's that?"
"Jeeves."
"Sir?"
There was Jeeves, standing behind me, full of zeal. In this matter of shimmering into rooms the chappie is rummy to a degree. You're sitting in the old armchair, thinking of this and that, and then suddenly you look up, and there he is. He moves from point to point with as little uproar as a jelly fish. The thing startled poor old Bicky considerably. He rose from his seat like a rocketing pheasant. I'm used to Jeeves now, but often in the days when he first came to me I've bitten my tongue freely on finding him unexpectedly in my midst.
"Did you call, sir?"
"Oh, there you are, Jeeves!"
"Precisely, sir."
"Jeeves, Mr. Bickersteth is still up the pole. Any ideas?"
"Why, yes, sir. Since we had our recent conversation I fancy I have found what may prove a solution. I do not wish to appear to be taking a liberty, sir, but I think that we have overlooked his grace's potentialities as a source of revenue."
Bicky laughed, what I have sometimes seen described as a hollow, mocking laugh, a sort of bitter cackle from the back of the throat, rather like a gargle.
"I do not allude, sir," explained Jeeves, "to the possibility of inducing his grace to part with money. I am taking the liberty of regarding his grace in the light of an at present--if I may say so--useless property, which is capable of being developed."
Bicky looked at me in a helpless kind of way. I'm bound to say I didn't get it myself.
"Couldn't you make it a bit easier, Jeeves!"
"In a nutshell, sir, what I mean is this: His grace is, in a sense, a prominent personage. The inhabitants of this country, as no doubt you are aware, sir, are peculiarly addicted to shaking hands with prominent personages. It occurred to me that Mr. Bickersteth or yourself might know of persons who would be willing to pay a small fee--let us say two dollars or three--for the privilege of an introduction, including handshake, to his grace."
Bicky didn't seem to think much of it.
"Do you mean to say that anyone would be mug enough to part with solid cash just to shake hands with my uncle?"
"I have an aunt, sir, who paid five shillings to a young fellow for bringing a moving-picture actor to tea at her house one Sunday. It gave her social standing among the neighbours."
Bicky wavered.
"If you think it could be done----"
"I feel convinced of it, sir."
"What do you think, Bertie?"
"I'm for it, old boy, absolutely. A very brainy wheeze."
"Thank you, sir. Will there be anything further? Good night, sir."
And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details.
Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely. Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about "The market opened quietly" with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us! You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy. By the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much. There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy instead of shaking hands with him. At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course. He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise.
The whole thing, I'm inclined to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves. There is no doubt that Jeeves is in a class of his own. In the matter of brain and resource I don't think I have ever met a chappie so supremely like mother made. He trickled into my room one morning with a good old cup of tea, and intimated that there was something doing.
"Might I speak to you with regard to that matter of his grace, sir?"
"It's all off. We've decided to chuck it."
"Sir?"
"It won't work. We can't get anybody to come."
"I fancy I can arrange that aspect of the matter, sir."
"Do you mean to say you've managed to get anybody?"
"Yes, sir. Eighty-seven gentlemen from Birdsburg, sir."
I sat up in bed and spilt the tea.
"Birdsburg?"
"Birdsburg, Missouri, sir."
"How did you get them?"
"I happened last night, sir, as you had intimated that you would be absent from home, to attend a theatrical performance, and entered into conversation between the acts with the occupant of the adjoining seat. I had observed that he was wearing a somewhat ornate decoration in his buttonhole, sir--a large blue button with the words 'Boost for Birdsburg' upon it in red letters, scarcely a judicious addition to a gentleman's evening costume. To my surprise I noticed that the auditorium was full of persons similarly decorated. I ventured to inquire the explanation, and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party of eighty-seven, are a convention from a town of the name if Birdsburg, in the State of Missouri. Their visit, I gathered, was purely of a social and pleasurable nature, and my informant spoke at some length of the entertainments arranged for their stay in the city. It was when he related with a considerable amount of satisfaction and pride, that a deputation of their number had been introduced to and had shaken hands with a well-known prizefighter, that it occurred to me to broach the subject of his grace. To make a long story short, sir, I have arranged, subject to your approval, that the entire convention shall be presented to his grace to-morrow afternoon."
I was amazed. This chappie was a Napoleon.
"Eighty-seven, Jeeves. At how much a head?"
"I was obliged to agree to a reduction for quantity, sir. The terms finally arrived at were one hundred and fifty dollars for the party."
I thought a bit.
"Payable in advance?"
"No, sir. I endeavoured to obtain payment in advance, but was not successful."
"Well, any way, when we get it I'll make it up to five hundred. Bicky'll never know. Do you suspect Mr. Bickersteth would suspect anything, Jeeves, if I made it up to five hundred?"
"I fancy not, sir. Mr. Bickersteth is an agreeable gentleman, but not bright."
"All right, then. After breakfast run down to the bank and get me some money."
"Yes, sir."
"You know, you're a bit of a marvel, Jeeves."
"Thank you, sir."
"Right-o!"
"Very good, sir."
When I took dear old Bicky aside in the course of the morning and told him what had happened he nearly broke down. He tottered into the sitting-room and buttonholed old Chiswick, who was reading the comic section of the morning paper with a kind of grim resolution.
"Uncle," he said, "are you doing anything special to-morrow afternoon? I mean to say, I've asked a few of my pals in to meet you, don't you know."
The old boy cocked a speculative eye at him.
"There will be no reporters among them?"
"Reporters? Rather not! Why?"
"I refuse to be badgered by reporters. There were a number of adhesive young men who endeavoured to elicit from me my views on America while the boat was approaching the dock. I will not be subjected to this persecution again."
"That'll be absolutely all right, uncle. There won't be a newspaper-man in the place."
"In that case I shall be glad to make the acquaintance of your friends."
"You'll shake hands with them and so forth?"
"I shall naturally order my behaviour according to the accepted rules of civilized intercourse."
Bicky thanked him heartily and came off to lunch with me at the club, where he babbled freely of hens, incubators, and other rotten things.
After mature consideration we had decided to unleash the Birdsburg contingent on the old boy ten at a time. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to see us, and we arranged the whole thing with him. A very decent chappie, but rather inclined to collar the conversation and turn it in the direction of his home-town's new water-supply system. We settled that, as an hour was about all he would be likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to seven minutes of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and that when their time was up Jeeves should slide into the room and cough meaningly. Then we parted with what I believe are called mutual expressions of goodwill, the Birdsburg chappie extending a cordial invitation to us all to pop out some day and take a look at the new water-supply system, for which we thanked him.
Next day the deputation rolled in. The first shift consisted of the cove we had met and nine others almost exactly like him in every respect. They all looked deuced keen and businesslike, as if from youth up they had been working in the office and catching the boss's eye and what-not. They shook hands with the old boy with a good deal of apparent satisfaction--all except one chappie, who seemed to be brooding about something--and then they stood off and became chatty.
"What message have you for Birdsburg, Duke?" asked our pal.
The old boy seemed a bit rattled.
"I have never been to Birdsburg."
The chappie seemed pained.
"You should pay it a visit," he said. "The most rapidly-growing city in the country. Boost for Birdsburg!"
"Boost for Birdsburg!" said the other chappies reverently.
The chappie who had been brooding suddenly gave tongue.
"Say!"
He was a stout sort of well-fed cove with one of those determined chins and a cold eye.
The assemblage looked at him.
"As a matter of business," said the chappie--"mind you, I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, as a matter of strict business--I think this gentleman here ought to put himself on record before witnesses as stating that he really is a duke."
"What do you mean, sir?" cried the old boy, getting purple.
"No offence, simply business. I'm not saying anything, mind you, but there's one thing that seems kind of funny to me. This gentleman here says his name's Mr. Bickersteth, as I understand it. Well, if you're the Duke of Chiswick, why isn't he Lord Percy Something? I've read English novels, and I know all about it."
"This is monstrous!"
"Now don't get hot under the collar. I'm only asking. I've a right to know. You're going to take our money, so it's only fair that we should see that we get our money's worth."
The water-supply cove chipped in:
"You're quite right, Simms. I overlooked that when making the agreement. You see, gentlemen, as business men we've a right to reasonable guarantees of good faith. We are paying Mr. Bickersteth here a hundred and fifty dollars for this reception, and we naturally want to know----"
Old Chiswick gave Bicky a searching look; then he turned to the water-supply chappie. He was frightfully calm.
"I can assure you that I know nothing of this," he said, quite politely. "I should be grateful if you would explain."
"Well, we arranged with Mr. Bickersteth that eighty-seven citizens of Birdsburg should have the privilege of meeting and shaking hands with you for a financial consideration mutually arranged, and what my friend Simms here means--and I'm with him--is that we have only Mr. Bickersteth's word for it--and he is a stranger to us--that you are the Duke of Chiswick at all."
Old Chiswick gulped.
"Allow me to assure you, sir," he said, in a rummy kind of voice, "that I am the Duke of Chiswick."
"Then that's all right," said the chappie heartily. "That was all we wanted to know. Let the thing go on."
"I am sorry to say," said old Chiswick, "that it cannot go on. I am feeling a little tired. I fear I must ask to be excused."
"But there are seventy-seven of the boys waiting round the corner at this moment, Duke, to be introduced to you."
"I fear I must disappoint them."
"But in that case the deal would have to be off."
"That is a matter for you and my nephew to discuss."
The chappie seemed troubled.
"You really won't meet the rest of them?"
"No!"
"Well, then, I guess we'll be going."
They went out, and there was a pretty solid silence. Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky:
"Well?"
Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say.
"Was it true what that man said?"
"Yes, uncle."
"What do you mean by playing this trick?"
Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word.
"I think you'd better explain the whole thing, Bicky, old top."
Bicky's Adam's-apple jumped about a bit; then he started:
"You see, you had cut off my allowance, uncle, and I wanted a bit of money to start a chicken farm. I mean to say it's an absolute cert if you once get a bit of capital. You buy a hen, and it lays an egg every day of the week, and you sell the eggs, say, seven for twenty-five cents.
"Keep of hens cost nothing. Profit practically----"
"What is all this nonsense about hens? You led me to suppose you were a substantial business man."
"Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir," I said, helping the chappie out. "The fact is, the poor old lad is absolutely dependent on that remittance of yours, and when you cut it off, don't you know, he was pretty solidly in the soup, and had to think of some way of closing in on a bit of the ready pretty quick. That's why we thought of this handshaking scheme."
Old Chiswick foamed at the mouth.
"So you have lied to me! You have deliberately deceived me as to your financial status!"
"Poor old Bicky didn't want to go to that ranch," I explained. "He doesn't like cows and horses, but he rather thinks he would be hot stuff among the hens. All he wants is a bit of capital. Don't you think it would be rather a wheeze if you were to----"
"After what has happened? After this--this deceit and foolery? Not a penny!"
"But----"
"Not a penny!"
There was a respectful cough in the background.
"If I might make a suggestion, sir?"
Jeeves was standing on the horizon, looking devilish brainy.
"Go ahead, Jeeves!" I said.
"I would merely suggest, sir, that if Mr. Bickersteth is in need of a little ready money, and is at a loss to obtain it elsewhere, he might secure the sum he requires by describing the occurrences of this afternoon for the Sunday issue of one of the more spirited and enterprising newspapers."
"By Jove!" I said.
"By George!" said Bicky.
"Great heavens!" said old Chiswick.
"Very good, sir," said Jeeves.
Bicky turned to old Chiswick with a gleaming eye.
"Jeeves is right. I'll do it! The Chronicle would jump at it. They eat that sort of stuff."
Old Chiswick gave a kind of moaning howl.
"I absolutely forbid you, Francis, to do this thing!"
"That's all very well," said Bicky, wonderfully braced, "but if I can't get the money any other way----"
"Wait! Er--wait, my boy! You are so impetuous! We might arrange something."
"I won't go to that bally ranch."
"No, no! No, no, my boy! I would not suggest it. I would not for a moment suggest it. I--I think----"
He seemed to have a bit of a struggle with himself. "I--I think that, on the whole, it would be best if you returned with me to England. I--I might--in fact, I think I see my way to doing--to--I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position."
"I shouldn't mind that."
"I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, as you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure----"
"The only figure I'll recognize," said Bicky firmly, "is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly."
"My dear boy!"
"Absolutely!"
"But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to--in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position."
"Five hundred a year!" said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue. "Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm. It stands to reason. Suppose you have a dozen hens. Each of the hens has a dozen chickens. After a bit the chickens grow up and have a dozen chickens each themselves, and then they all start laying eggs! There's a fortune in it. You can get anything you like for eggs in America. Chappies keep them on ice for years and years, and don't sell them till they fetch about a dollar a whirl. You don't think I'm going to chuck a future like this for anything under five hundred o' goblins a year--what?"
A look of anguish passed over old Chiswick's face, then he seemed to be resigned to it. "Very well, my boy," he said.
"What-o!" said Bicky. "All right, then."
"Jeeves," I said. Bicky had taken the old boy off to dinner to celebrate, and we were alone. "Jeeves, this has been one of your best efforts."
"Thank you, sir."
"It beats me how you do it."
"Yes, sir."
"The only trouble is you haven't got much out of it--what!"
"I fancy Mr. Bickersteth intends--I judge from his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything I have been fortunate enough to do to assist him, at some later date when he is in a more favourable position to do so."
"It isn't enough, Jeeves!"
"Sir?"
It was a wrench, but I felt it was the only possible thing to be done.
"Bring my shaving things."
A gleam of hope shone in the chappie's eye, mixed with doubt.
"You mean, sir?"
"And shave off my moustache."
There was a moment's silence. I could see the fellow was deeply moved.
"Thank you very much indeed, sir," he said, in a low voice, and popped 

I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era
Dating back to forever, the warrior became protector
Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them
I summon them, speaking in tongues again
Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings
The conductor brings the drums in, finger trigger the drum kit
Other MCs be nervous or something
Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop justice, rappers are captured and punished
Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive?
I repeat in a revised order
My skull is a submarine hull
Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp
My mind dives deep beneath yours
Poseidon trident seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force
Marinaras Trench detour to Ultima Thule, let me explain what my sonar saw
Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the open seas at U-Boat speed
Beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be
Industrialists, civilians women and children directly
Military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings
Membership is based off your raw intelligence
400 screen video editing with hard evidence
The clinical professor of rhymes from Pepperdine
Co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs
The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing
The results were blinding, lyrics, timing
Shut the fuck up and stop whining
Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing
Swimming naked in the open, a lone shark circles me
Instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me
I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully
Next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Under an assumed identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy
USA made, field grade steel face
Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace
I am not here to negotiate
Eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database
No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge
His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance
This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident
I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it
Judge me fairly
Compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory
Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready?
I'll need a volunteer, do I have any?
Next year I'll get my SPINGS, a master space badge
After that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft
Most of you will never understand what I mean
My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes
Worm screw elevators descending to the bottom of the volcano crater
Inside the Devil's chamber
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined
They will not be allowed to see the rhymes
What ought to crawl has learned to walk
One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought
I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp
We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park
The whirlpool of gravity traps me
Still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy
Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically
Negative time produces antigravity
Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass
The Teleological Dynamic will enhance
Watch me wet up your weed then bust up you teeth
Make you run for your life like there's a bus up the street
The Dr. and I would meet at 29 palms Joshua street
I always had a lot to debrief
Killing my health, killing myself
Rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt
Modifying the weather from behind a weather shield
Writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill
The woman who is there, she will take care of you
With Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu
Rap music profession immunosuppressants
One question per second, One answer per session
Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me
Ain't nothing changed me since 1980
Involuntary catalepsy, battle me baby
1000 Bars nigga, after that maybe
Murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills
Williams was real ill, but now I chill
An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal
I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers
Raptors, Comanches, Strykers, Cobras
Back at the TOC with G.W. Prescott
Grid location missile lock lift up the block
I gotta spit 'til the story is told
It's a gift, this story is a part of my soul
We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home
If we destroy Mother Earth, then where we gon' go?
Starving in destitution, dying for retribution
Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid?
Why would you not force yourself to make better music?
Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance
Like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it
I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it
I control their movements with lariats
Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft craft lover
Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming"
I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it
I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming
Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme
To create product of an applied mind
They say we're divided, I say we're small minded
Right after I said it I moved to a small island
There was no contingency plan given to me
Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me
Swear your allegiance, the tuition is free
To be a mini me version with minor abilities
7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified
Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind
At the observatory summit of Mt. Graham
Looking through this starlight scope in my hand
Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics
Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision
If A is a success in life
Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt
If work equals X and play equals Y
Then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth
Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing
By summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing
From the Kinetic to the Energetic
To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance
I need to be alone
You cannot comfort me like my poems
1000 BARS put me in the zone
The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books
I ran back home to hide mine in the woods
Salute, I would like to propose this next toast
To maturation barrels I carved from French Oak
The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow
I might get drunk and boast
Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary
Which one of us will sing Hail Mary?
Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance
But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring
Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough
I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough
The facts too acute to repute, or debate
My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape
My dream was identical seven nights in a row
I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone
The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening
Where am I trying to go with this?
Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about
We must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it
All the parents want to do is look at the body but
It won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy
A good psychological environment for science
I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet
Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture
As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber
This is my unacknowledged special access project
Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics
The coral reef is changing from green to amber
Scientist scramble to come up with new answers
The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit
But I'm unprepared to take action just like you
The innate need for Canibus to be professional
Make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you
Greetings and salutations, my equations are inundated with information
Electro cranial stimulation
Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate
Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation
Man Made Membrane roofing remediation
Any and ALL entry points have immigration
One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my
Muscles were quite subtle
I do what I want to do, I have always been that way
Because I have always thinked that way
Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer
Poet Laureate is the future
Pulsating lights and sounds surrounds spirits
Binaural Beats, layered underneath lyrics
250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing
The electrical optical coupling Gear is effective
88 Kilometres above the planet
My rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding
The Gods began to call me, I looked up
Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak
The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington
Himself, GW I'm positive it's him
I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing
Spend the whole night out binge drinking
Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting
First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why?
Weed is now legalized are you high?
Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates
Be my guest keep trying
The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt
But not before I start cursing first
Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast
If you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass
Gather the evidence, then give it to the President
Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190
A lamp with no electrode will not glow
We need some new bright ideas that we did not know
You cannot fold under the political pressure
You must take prudent and precautionary measures
I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign
I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time
A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead
Every colour in America bled
Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences
You'll never reach the end of it, 200
Fire and forget, rhyme for respect
I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate
The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis
And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this
They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it
With passion of a Microphone Patriot
Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer
My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover
The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you
But I declined cause I'm familiar what greed can do
I can not lose or win
I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King
Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge
Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done
Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share
About the space serpents flying around in the troposphere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This never been done before in history

I spit at a thousand KIPS, kilo tons of pressure
Every letter is measured in such a way you will remember
December, 21st 2012 is the code
It was placed on the sunstone to puzzle them
Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching
I better have some results by the months end
Really, Deep Blue computes deeply and does it
What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers
In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava
A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper
My skull is a submarine hull
I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls
The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my
Crew were injured every tour
We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us
All what we needed, we were wrong
Canibus is notably known Globally
My verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat
Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress
Not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady
You can't contend with this when I let it rip
Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis
The sublime chakra one thru nine
Thru the spine induce the rhyme
Internal fire produces the high
Recite 33 3's 33 times
For 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles
Ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes
Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it
Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy
Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me
From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets
To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach
Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency
I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury
The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate
Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate
Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape
As I co-create rap, 30
Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance
Smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice
The target appears in brackets, I attack it
Access then egress then quit this rap shit
Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry
Finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility
They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me
By being mad at me they commit microphone heresy
I am still the Master
As handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker
Call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem
The microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime
Planet Rock Supreme
Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar
Then something they call a Maser
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes
Controlling my heart, controlling my mind
Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord
I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored
My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs
Respond to me and I will answer to your call
Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality
That's how it has to be
In front of me, on both sides and in back of me
I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery
The chain of command blames the unseen hand
The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan
I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me
Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60
Sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably
They begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see
My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt
I was transformed into a spirit with no shell
I could move about freely, I rose & I fell
The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell
Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias
Words blinking like the text edit cursor
My sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it
Layer upon layer upon layer unedited
You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy!
The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week
Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal
External vision, every lyric got a wormhole in it
Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real
My sigil is the double headed eagle seal
Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel
We work we hurt we search we feel
The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics
Circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas
Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this
A true master at the masters in focus
In my time of need, I am not alone
I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb
Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical
Made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you
My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano
I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you
Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing
I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement
The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet
Underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic
Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler
Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover
If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish
It might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it
Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign
Therefore I rhyme for all time
Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design
But poetry continues outside the timeline
Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me
But they would've been better off killing me
Theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me
With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry
Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes
Patent number 4686605
Sound pours out of the ground across the land
Jethro Tull was mauled by the god called Pan
Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition
Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen
To you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not
If I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop
Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide
Why swim or walk when I can glide?
Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for sky diving
My call sign is Flying Wing
An impossible profession
St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message
Now you may go
You have graduated, now you may know
Tell the world exactly what you were shown
Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck
Countdown 48 more months
Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo
Gotta' find a way to generate doe
Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show
Why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold?
Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly
Proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually
Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ
But they should be more important
The diaphragm, the thymus
Activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras
You get the Guantanamo Bay, the Alcatraz way
You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay!
I steady my approach, this supposed to be a no fly zone
Black sheep squadron with strobe light hoes
The hurricane's eye's open
Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean
I figured out, how to save water in a drought
If we save the right amount I know we can make it out
The ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy?
The quantum biology biopsy
My austere designs are so ahead of their time
Even when you press rewind your still left behind
Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana
In a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama
Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence
Don't be a bitch nigga you started it
On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet
Drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics
Scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal
Viable style it's like trying to ride a bull
The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel
Of syllables that made me invincible
Am I a mad man or a mason? A patriot or a pagan?
West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons
The propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated
I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements
Battle Rap is just aimless entertainment
Second Round Knockout was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters
My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted
My heart kept pumping, I had to do something
I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase
Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze"
Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing
But Poet Laureate is my New Shit!
Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping
But right now my image stands still in a prism
My light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it
The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing
Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a
Fathers job is so challenging
My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease
You can't Emcee take a seat
What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk?
If you ever leave you'll be missed
I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes
Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah....
That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks
A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies
And try to keep your ears on my rhymes
A magic reminder that the fire will not expire
Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired
The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward
Now I see inside the Earth
I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass
But it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas
You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect"
Is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES!
I hold Hip Hop responsible
Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles
Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever
I made these bars so you could ALL remember
The illest MC to put it all on the line
My career was crucified but I'm still alive
Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds
"resistance is futile" they said
I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again
So intimate when I write it's a sin, 200
My electromagnetic rap flytrap
There's no way Earth you can get around that
This is a no brainer, stop the complaining
If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it
Pages upon pages everything I've created
The bar was below basic, I had to raise it
I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers
I did it for the world to discover
My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal
Progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210
Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix
So your not what you think
Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum
The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want
Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs
I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years
Poet Laureate Infinity
I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in history

Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper
I did this separate imagine what we could do together
Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering
Was it done by a prophet? It must have been, who was it then
Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded
Many utter the name but very few love him
33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers
Insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest
The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it?
I call it my unacknowledged special access project
My skull is a submarine hull
In a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall
Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors
The vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10
The power to control thoughts however remotely
Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry"
The results from SETI, very interesting
I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing
My team was credited, we turned over the evidence
But not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President
Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes
FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry
Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes
Without trying you can shift your mind
Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides
Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine
Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20
Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me
Polyester pants, big fat ass
I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class
My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too
Why am I talking about this to you?
One day this will be known for now I must wait
I still love them both, and I never forget a face
At the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves
Then there was greater way I learned at a later date
The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30
Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed
Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice
When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress
It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me
I know my history, but what could that mean specifically?
The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep
I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet
A Clairvoyant Technique
Using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future
I can see past it, 40
But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team
They say it's more than a dream
Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers
Electromagnetic Scalars
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie
If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai
Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn
Spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50
I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch
It was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked
You wanna stand there and talk?
The blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon!
It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling
But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling
Observe a man who has a third DNA strand
Or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced
I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly
The roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60
I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me
Cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy
What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self?
Few of the same ilk have known what I felt
There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself"
Before one can know the world so I showed myself
The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle
Yo, I need to stop smoking purple
Requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts
Who know how to manipulate my message, 70
You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat
Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak
If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive
Please explain my complete life story to my children
Photo stills of the cryospill
Solarized film revealed there was a biofield
Fuck a record deal, my training is real
Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel
Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters
There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80
Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops
Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops
Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do
These are the tones that will activate the ohms
No telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you
It would be a miracle if I was merciful
Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom?
Furniture moves when I walk into a room
STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER
Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90
Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin
I don't know what he does for a living ask him
I kneel before Congress and beg for money
Submitting specifics about the operation I'm running
You gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit
"Never heard of it", no details are public
The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine
Increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time
Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines
And by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100
I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli
Physically this mission objective is killing me
I submit to the will of the creator willingly
The possibilities present a probable infinity
I looked into LL's eyes we both cried
Meteors immediately fell from the skies
I've apologized but I can't change who I am
I can change future, can't budge the past
Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic
Only fake niggas catch feelings over silly shit, 110
SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox
Williams! How many kills you got?
The uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky
They only time they notice the difference is when we die
Is dying a wise thing? What about trying?
What about our family members back home crying?
Man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc
George Lucas showed me a full size replica
We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA
5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah
He passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120
I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS
MOSES is a new weapon system secret code
CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose
The jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!"
All right men this is what we train for
Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low
Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me
The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me
Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman
Tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130
[Not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush
The rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,]
The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace
Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8
Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know?
When you finally get there, where will you go?
This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking
Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken
Only the chosen find a way out
Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140
Satellites watch me they think they got me
Right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me
Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening
Striking blind, what it struck was frying
Comparative image sharpness between all artists
I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in
I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner
If you are still worshipping money, you are Godless
Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth
The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150
Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E
I take shelter in an old Missile Silo
Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle
With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal
Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying?
Discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it
Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated?
Try to find out more information
The internal atheist outside the MATRIX
Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this"
She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't
I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin
"A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves"
Washington didn't say it quite that way
But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming
Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit!
The message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine"
Professor keep heading East to the Best Western
Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction
"Start Session point 666 arc seconds"
The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it
Concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it
Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast"
Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak
You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit
I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk
A change is beginning every molecule is spinning
Lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it?
Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror
With flawless error, like that forever
Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180
Are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm
We can find them but they can't find us
Just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes
I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it
You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it
The daughters of man locked in prison camps
With the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance
At least we notice damage, what do we expect
The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190
But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical
You must've been kicked the fuck out of school
Always remember the Reptilian agenda
"No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre
I found fluoride in my water supply
At the time I felt a total apathy towards dying
The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head
I was told to memorize what I was said
"With this salt I consecrate this water
May whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM"
"With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that
It will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no
Regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE
I accept all cultures colours creeds and races
Life is Life no taxonomical classification
No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing
It's never that easy you just gotta trust it
A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth
The Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you
There is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength
Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link
Even if I am in a minority of one
The truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun
My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired
If you disagree with me then yours isn't there

I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure
I only record it once you listen to it forever
The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive
Human Hominids fishing for compliments
Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something
Above ground running not underground covered
Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it
The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS"
The aura describes the forces
I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward
My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song
Creating basketball size hailstorms
Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall
With surface permutation of the permafrost
My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off
I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost
Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry
Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me
Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting
Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing
Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic
A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America
Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed
I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly
22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes
Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time
Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect
You been a success but what do he get?
Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me
But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me
The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me
They aren't worthy of a word from me
I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too
Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through
It drives me insane when a woman wears lace
The current gene structure is 46 pair based
Her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an
Airbase, on a clear day
Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up
I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch
Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist
I like to role play but I only play masculine
Victory over injury a victim to misery
The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery
I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft
Even my photo ID don't look like me
The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers
I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion
Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M
Another fucking acronym, just what I need
Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes
As worthless as my junk mail is
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe
Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try
In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad
I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm
Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost
Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart
Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality
But what is attracting me?
The overseer of poetic antiquity
The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me
Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan
They have enlightened me thru song to understand
The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me
Truly there is too much to see
I'll mix one for you, then one for me
I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed
A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well
The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well
Conflicted and confused but completely compelled
To celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012
I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible
If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle
In a newly ordered world living in shit
No matter how good or poor your English is
You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy!
Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G
E-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my precious mother gave me
The world came to know me as Sir William
The man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest
Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself
I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details
Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but
The secret to creativity is hiding your sources
Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ
Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage
Pray for the families that want them home
Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes
Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope
Who have lost their point, who have lost their own
Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you
Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice
Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer
Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover
Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes
Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets
From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage
Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public
President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit
That's right, you can take this job and shove it
I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die
Brewing hot tea with honey and lime
How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling
1-800-RoadRage, Start dialing
The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat
You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech
Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds
Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs
Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign
In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside
How does one ever really perfect such a craft?
You're obliged by your curiosity to ask
Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics
My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious
Test driving my principle findings
By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out
A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing
Was the hardest part to figure out
Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain
And everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying
I heard this before, I can't remember who said it
We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second
Straight out the freak show no pre-show
Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow
VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book
You should know this even though it concern the showbiz
Because when in Rome, walk as a Roman
Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice
Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice
A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys
Readapted from a crashed asteroid
My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need
The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds
After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement
The same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants
Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun
Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one
My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base
Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space
Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios
A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go
All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing
Matter fact they have no constituent function
Mix this record different, you'll hear me call names out
It's played out but there must be alternative routes
The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy
A human being is not anybody's property
Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment
Is much easier said than done, if your trying it
Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster
I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers
Integrated in an existing clothing ensemble
My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment
The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it
My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert
If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do
I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew
Creatively I have never been to this level
First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel
Password please have patience verification
I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?"
Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station
Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them
Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation
Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation
Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running
I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming
The rhymes are in place, General George Case
And Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste
Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix
For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix
My father is Jamaican, my mother is British
Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish
ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing
I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing
On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence
Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant
Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see
Broke niggas never promote peace
Suzanne Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis
Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs
I rip shit consistent spit persistent
The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness
I'm lost, what version is this?
Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art
But coming from my own heart
Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing
Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing
Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt
Several miles deep underneath the Earth
The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab
Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft
Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend
I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190
We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole
I'm glad I'm the last to go
Zionism the answer to your uncensored question
Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren
Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind
Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme
Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds
That subsequently pinch your leg
You feel like your an inch from being dead
But you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head
Fire for effect, smoke out then rest
Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this
I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy
Cause that's what you made me
Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety
And I still made time for the ladies
Ceiling visibility unlimited
A lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp
I'm a killer pimp
Somebody Hip Hop don't need me
Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210
Me and Baby got the same name
We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane
At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun
I just have a few words for everyone
Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer
From this moment Hip Hop is united everywhere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in 

Baby fall into my kiss
It should just happen like this
Trust it so much that there's no one else but us and
This moment that says it's so right
Cause that's all we have in this life
Drink up this love, baby, give it all we got tonight

Summer honeysuckle
Leaking through a rolled down window
We both know when that seat lays back
Anything can happen
So imagine it'll never end
Just close your eyes and you can see that we are where we're meant to be

Baby fall into my kiss
It should just happen like this
Trust it so much that there's no one else but us and
This moment that says it's so right
Cause that's all we have in this life
Drink up this love, baby, give it all we got tonightSee George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also 

And he said, "Let me tell you a secret about a father's love
A secret that my daddy said was just between us"
He said, "Daddies don't just love their children every now and then
It's a love without end, amen"
It's a love without end, amen

When I became a father in the spring of '81
There was no doubt that stubborn boy was just like my father's son
And when I thought my patience had been tested to the end
I took my daddy's secret and I passed it on to him

I said, "Let me tell you a secret about a father's love
A secret that my daddy said was just between us"
I said, "Daddies don't just love their children every now and then
It's a love without end, amen"
It's a love without end, amen
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
Last night I dreamed I died and stood outside those pearly gates
When suddenly I realized there must be some mistake
If they know half the things I've done, they'll never let me in
And then somewhere from the other side, I heard these words again

And they said, "Let me tell you a secret about a father's love
A secret that my daddy said was just between us"
"You see, daddies don't just love their children every now and then
It's a love without end, amen"
It's a love without end, 

You look so good in love
You want him, that's easy to see
You look so good in love
And I wish you still wanted me

He must have stolen some stars from the sky
And gave them to you to wear in your eyes
I had my chances, but I set you free
And now I wonder why I couldn't see

You look so good in love
You want him, that's easy to see
You look so good in love
And I wish you still wanted me

Darling, I've wasted a lot of years not seeing the real you
But tonight your beauty is shining through
And I never took the time to let you know
So before he takes you away, please let me say
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
You look so good in love
You want him, that's easy to see
You look so good in love
And I wish you still wanted me

You look so good in 

'Cause nobody in his right mind would've left her
I had to be crazy to say goodbye
Nobody in his right mind would've left her
Even my heart was smart enough to stay behind

I still carry her picture, I wish her well with the new love
I know she's found by now
Each night finds me dreaming, each day I spend thinking
How much I wish she was still around

'Cause nobody in his right mind would've left her
I had to be crazy to say goodbye
Nobody in his right mind would've left her
Even my heart was smart enough to stay behind

Even my heart was smart enough to stay behindSee George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also 

I procured a small piece of the treasure, collections from a former era
Dating back to forever, the warrior became protector
Quoted from the book of the law, I don't govern them
I summon them, speaking in tongues again
Started with a trumpet, woodwinds, strings
The conductor brings the drums in, finger trigger the drum kit
Other MCs be nervous or something
Rhymes in abundance, Hip Hop justice, rappers are captured and punished
Drawn and quartered, liars are denied water, you still alive?
I repeat in a revised order
My skull is a submarine hull
Screen doors protect the motherboard core from extreme heat warp
My mind dives deep beneath yours
Poseidon trident seahorse bubbles form I scream with extreme force
Marinaras Trench detour to Ultima Thule, let me explain what my sonar saw
Upholding the Holy Rosary, patrolling the open seas at U-Boat speed
Beneath the Tsunami, where I'm supposed to be
Industrialists, civilians women and children directly
Military chiefs, aristocrats in the buildings
Membership is based off your raw intelligence
400 screen video editing with hard evidence
The clinical professor of rhymes from Pepperdine
Co-signed by GlaxoSmithKline designs
The Universe provided the lighting to see what I was writing
The results were blinding, lyrics, timing
Shut the fuck up and stop whining
Instinct controls how you think before deciding, so keep vibing
Swimming naked in the open, a lone shark circles me
Instead of trying to murder me, it tried to flirt with me
I got away nervously, talked about it purposefully
Next time I see it, it's going to have a word with me
I guess it wasn't meant to be
Under an assumed identity I resumed PsyOps on the enemy
USA made, field grade steel face
Moving at a Canibus pace in the proto subspace
I am not here to negotiate
Eliminate the face on the photograph we have in our database
No emcee could rhyme like this, there's no challenge
His Poet Laureateship pontificates balance
This lyrical pyramid was discovered by accident
I know I could build it faster if I block and tackle it
Judge me fairly
Compare me to Dante Alighieri's Purgatorio theory
Assigned to train and equip to spit who's ready?
I'll need a volunteer, do I have any?
Next year I'll get my SPINGS, a master space badge
After that I'll stop flying fixed wing aircraft
Most of you will never understand what I mean
My dreams are broken into storyboard scenes
Worm screw elevators descending to the bottom of the volcano crater
Inside the Devil's chamber
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The leaders lies got me reassigned, my loyalty was redefined
They will not be allowed to see the rhymes
What ought to crawl has learned to walk
One ought not to think is what Rumsfeld thought
I'm a take you for a walk through a beautiful place called Honey Swamp
We'll shoot hoops at Mosquito Lagoon Park
The whirlpool of gravity traps me
Still allowing me to circle the M51 galaxy
Rap for me reduces the stress dramatically
Negative time produces antigravity
Inject the gas into the centrifuge mass
The Teleological Dynamic will enhance
Watch me wet up your weed then bust up you teeth
Make you run for your life like there's a bus up the street
The Dr. and I would meet at 29 palms Joshua street
I always had a lot to debrief
Killing my health, killing myself
Rebuilding myself, nobody feel what I felt
Modifying the weather from behind a weather shield
Writing with a feathered quill, getting more ill
The woman who is there, she will take care of you
With Nexium, Avodart, Lipitor, and Theraflu
Rap music profession immunosuppressants
One question per second, One answer per session
Hip Hop made me, Hip Hop praise me
Ain't nothing changed me since 1980
Involuntary catalepsy, battle me baby
1000 Bars nigga, after that maybe
Murder, murder, murder, kill kill kill drills
Williams was real ill, but now I chill
An asteroid field where every rock shaped like my seal
I do it for the civilians, I do it for the soldiers
Raptors, Comanches, Strykers, Cobras
Back at the TOC with G.W. Prescott
Grid location missile lock lift up the block
I gotta spit 'til the story is told
It's a gift, this story is a part of my soul
We shouldn't keep fighting, the Earth is our home
If we destroy Mother Earth, then where we gon' go?
Starving in destitution, dying for retribution
Why would you wanna' blow a hospital? You stupid?
Why would you not force yourself to make better music?
Our now fruitless creations used to be in abundance
Like something harder than Tungsten, break your arm if you punch it
I ride on a flatbed chariot, 4 ostriches carry it
I control their movements with lariats
Polygraphs flutter, the Lovecraft craft lover
Quoting my favourite Inventor, "I see excitement coming"
I raise my hand, lightening bolts stream from it
I see excitement coming, I see excitement coming
Unsatisfied, I decide to redefine rhyme
To create product of an applied mind
They say we're divided, I say we're small minded
Right after I said it I moved to a small island
There was no contingency plan given to me
Tell the motherfucker send his transcripts to me
Swear your allegiance, the tuition is free
To be a mini me version with minor abilities
7.83 hertz from the Earth magnified
Signal Intelligence emanating from your mind
At the observatory summit of Mt. Graham
Looking through this starlight scope in my hand
Beautiful longitudinal musical lyrics
Fragments of Olympian Gossip is my vision
If A is a success in life
Then A must equal X plus Y plus Z no doubt
If work equals X and play equals Y
Then Z must be equal to you shutting your mouth
Surprisingly got The John Campbell award for writing
By summarizing that rhyming can be dehumanizing
From the Kinetic to the Energetic
To the magnetic, ultra, electro, and uncensored resonance
I need to be alone
You cannot comfort me like my poems
1000 BARS put me in the zone
The Pope shook, they ransacked Rome and burnt books
I ran back home to hide mine in the woods
Salute, I would like to propose this next toast
To maturation barrels I carved from French Oak
The minerals where they grow determine the stability of the flow
I might get drunk and boast
Corruption is necessary, but tell me who's the beneficiary
Which one of us will sing Hail Mary?
Hip Hop supposed to be about endurance
But every time you rhyme not just when I'm touring
Acupuncture point or plus, is not enough
I need more pain so I can pretend to be tough
The facts too acute to repute, or debate
My face, is a slim sleek gas mask shape
My dream was identical seven nights in a row
I saw a sideways 8 wrapped around a microphone
The window is closing, from the other side it looks like it's opening
Where am I trying to go with this?
Fire and Ash fallout, that's what it's all about
We must construct a shelter, and then build a wall around it
All the parents want to do is look at the body but
It won't happen 'til AFTER the official autopsy
A good psychological environment for science
I'm memorizing visualizing peace and quiet
Father Author Poor Pauper has poor posture
As filthy as the collar of a dirty grave robber
This is my unacknowledged special access project
Time reversed waves in nonlinear optics
The coral reef is changing from green to amber
Scientist scramble to come up with new answers
The truth is well within my sphere of pursuit
But I'm unprepared to take action just like you
The innate need for Canibus to be professional
Make it difficult indeed for me to connect with you
Greetings and salutations, my equations are inundated with information
Electro cranial stimulation
Burn skin off face, burn face off skeletal plate
Plasma Ray Gun is just one explanation
Man Made Membrane roofing remediation
Any and ALL entry points have immigration
One meter beside the Hubble outside the bubble, the effects of gravity on my
Muscles were quite subtle
I do what I want to do, I have always been that way
Because I have always thinked that way
Attach the piezoelectric transducer to your computer
Poet Laureate is the future
Pulsating lights and sounds surrounds spirits
Binaural Beats, layered underneath lyrics
250 thousand cycles per second, for Dolphin hearing
The electrical optical coupling Gear is effective
88 Kilometres above the planet
My rhymes harness a power beyond your understanding
The Gods began to call me, I looked up
Stars fell towards me and scorched me to a metaphor freak
The authentic Command Doctrine of George Washington
Himself, GW I'm positive it's him
I proof read my writtens, eat a chicken with the skin missing
Spend the whole night out binge drinking
Executive Director of Civic Participation spitting
First it was vote or die, Now it's don't vote, Why?
Weed is now legalized are you high?
Rhymes compartmentalized seperatized to prevent bootlegging pirates
Be my guest keep trying
The bird chirps dying in the dirt because the earth is hurt
But not before I start cursing first
Not so fast Mr. Iconoclast
If you don't leave the bottle outside you can't pass
Gather the evidence, then give it to the President
Don't reprimand him, ask him for help next, 190
A lamp with no electrode will not glow
We need some new bright ideas that we did not know
You cannot fold under the political pressure
You must take prudent and precautionary measures
I think of rhymes in my mind when I autograph sign
I can't wait to sign an autograph for the last time
A Luciferian web, everyday we are burying dead
Every colour in America bled
Empirical evidence of the greatest collection of Canibus sentences
You'll never reach the end of it, 200
Fire and forget, rhyme for respect
I didn't get that so I wrote Poet Laureate
The Hubble Space Telescope images changed Bis
And nothing on this Planet can dissuade this
They left me dehydrated by the Nile River naked but I made it
With passion of a Microphone Patriot
Music is my bread and butter, why should I suffer
My publicist said she could get me the TIME LIFE cover
The spin off from the Press should be able to feed you
But I declined cause I'm familiar what greed can do
I can not lose or win
I would only like to be remembered as the dark skinned Lizard King
Into the bottomless pool of Poetry I plunge
Let it be said, let it be written, let it be done
Publicly coming forward with my metaphors to share
About the space serpents flying around in the troposphere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This never been done before in history

I spit at a thousand KIPS, kilo tons of pressure
Every letter is measured in such a way you will remember
December, 21st 2012 is the code
It was placed on the sunstone to puzzle them
Starting with some numbers, the code crackers start crunching
I better have some results by the months end
Really, Deep Blue computes deeply and does it
What is the answer to Universe? Read me the numbers
In the summer the Polar Manitoba's melted by lava
A team of ER doctors climbed aboard the chopper
My skull is a submarine hull
I empty the ballast tanks I could smell the shit from the sea gulls
The Rear Admirable participated in battle every war, and at least half of my
Crew were injured every tour
We thought close support from the Navy Carriers and Air Force would give us
All what we needed, we were wrong
Canibus is notably known Globally
My verbal sorcery somehow talks to the beat
Lyrically you not ready, dress right dress
Not messy, my muscle memory make me bomb squad steady
You can't contend with this when I let it rip
Eyes, ears, nose & throat specialist Professor Bis
The sublime chakra one thru nine
Thru the spine induce the rhyme
Internal fire produces the high
Recite 33 3's 33 times
For 24hrs, 21 thousand Nautical miles
Ahead of my lifetime I write and recite rhymes
Deja Vu in the booth is the truth, when you apply it
Devine design, a miracle of Metallurgy
Every clergy member from Mecca who heard of me worshipped me
From the shores of Normandy to the Turkish streets
To the bluest oceans glowing on the Persian beach
Nuclear Biological Chemical emergency
I purchase the beat then mix my spit with the mercury
The DJ grabs the acetate out the crate
Mix the dub plate, the BPMs fluctuate
Nobody can hold me back, my flow bloviates to a spiritual shape
As I co-create rap, 30
Cold callous chronic chemical imbalance
Smoking a chalice in the Rabbit hole with Alice
The target appears in brackets, I attack it
Access then egress then quit this rap shit
Commander of the symphony when man meets ministry
Finishing my Archeogenetic Rap Facility
They can't battle me so they'd rather embarrass me
By being mad at me they commit microphone heresy
I am still the Master
As handsome as my unborn Grandson, Rip The Jacker
Call me grandpa, 40 as odd as it may seem
The microphone fiend is God of the Hip Hop regime
Planet Rock Supreme
Kill you with green Lasers, evaporated weed vapour, Electromagnetic Scalar
Then something they call a Maser
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Meteors fall from the sky, The Mars God looks at my eyes
Controlling my heart, controlling my mind
Oh Lord, Tell me what to do, Tell me oh Lord
I have mastered the art of rhyming I am so bored
My pain my joy my thoughts I've passed them on thru songs
Respond to me and I will answer to your call
Emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions & Reality
That's how it has to be
In front of me, on both sides and in back of me
I hear them talk about battling me in the whispering gallery
The chain of command blames the unseen hand
The Galactic Plane has a Galactic Plan
I look up in the sky to see if God is judging me
Suddenly I feel Fatima and Medjugorie come to me, 60
Sitting down at the mixing board/round/banquet table comfortably
They begin to study me, by showing me worlds I would love to see
My body did not melt beyond the Van Allen Belt
I was transformed into a spirit with no shell
I could move about freely, I rose & I fell
The coldness of heaven is like the coldness of hell
Metaphoric Sun Worship, pulling me with planet like inertias
Words blinking like the text edit cursor
My sentences are sometimes too sensitive to make sense of it
Layer upon layer upon layer unedited
You lazy & you wanna' be the best? You crazy!
The Best Train EVERYDAY of the week
Propulsion system is gravity driven, white hot thermal
External vision, every lyric got a wormhole in it
Saint Germaine is real, Germaine is a sage for real
My sigil is the double headed eagle seal
Normal life is not real, we are cogs in a wheel
We work we hurt we search we feel
The microphonist that utilizes the study of Conics
Circular motion in both the para- and the hyperbolas
Tiger Woods knows this, everytime he plays golf he shows this
A true master at the masters in focus
In my time of need, I am not alone
I was told in a dream by Cthulhu from his tomb
Try to hurt me, I'll murder you, lay you down vertical
Made your life purposeful, germinated the earth with you
My black goggles, are covered with Bat Guano
I'll hang from the ceiling and watch you, act hostile I'll pop you
Rap Music and those who listen to it don't owe me nothing
I don't want nothing from you, not even your judgement
The Philosophic maverick the massive knowledge magnet
Underwater sea lilies are the source of my magic
Matricidal motherfucker homicidal hustler
Filibuster, never been a Wikipedia lover
If I were you I wouldn't waste time reading that rubbish
It might turn you into a media puppet, but fuck it
Leviathan divides the suspect zero sign
Therefore I rhyme for all time
Metaphor and Rhyme is poetry by design
But poetry continues outside the timeline
Unnatural battle ability, the enemy tried to imprison me
But they would've been better off killing me
Theoretically Shiaperrelli has mentored me
With motifs of illuminated speech and wizardry
Over The Horizon Radar Rhymes
Patent number 4686605
Sound pours out of the ground across the land
Jethro Tull was mauled by the god called Pan
Creative writing and rhythm, grammar and composition
Don't ignore me, ignore the fool who tells you not to listen
To you it shouldn't sound like I'm quitting cause I'm not
If I am to continue it's up to Hip Hop
Weary of body and mind, tired of swimming against the tide
Why swim or walk when I can glide?
Zero Gravity exercising, requires expert timing, for sky diving
My call sign is Flying Wing
An impossible profession
St. Germaine was made to explain the lesson with a 1000 Bar message
Now you may go
You have graduated, now you may know
Tell the world exactly what you were shown
Sho nuff, sesame street poems brought to you by Sears Roebuck
Countdown 48 more months
Does it amaze me? "NO!" Does it phase me? maybe a little yo
Gotta' find a way to generate doe
Promoter won't pay me what I want for a show
Why do it for free when I'm worth my weight in gold?
Mind Body & Soul inseparable, incredibly
Proto plasma recycles the matter perpetually
Hip Hop became boring, lyrics seem more like a vestigial organ
But they should be more important
The diaphragm, the thymus
Activate the latent powers that reside inside us with 13 chakras
You get the Guantanamo Bay, the Alcatraz way
You heard what I say? These pigs gotta' pay!
I steady my approach, this supposed to be a no fly zone
Black sheep squadron with strobe light hoes
The hurricane's eye's open
Gale winds blowing, Moses on a row boat floating in the ocean
I figured out, how to save water in a drought
If we save the right amount I know we can make it out
The ever expanding mind commanding body do you copy?
The quantum biology biopsy
My austere designs are so ahead of their time
Even when you press rewind your still left behind
Father Author Poor Pauper, breaths to draw Prana
In a yoga pose tryna get close to yo mama
Your ear cartilage has been targeted, The bombing will commence
Don't be a bitch nigga you started it
On the Sabbath I write preplanning for the Planet
Drawing mathematics, suspended in space as holographics
Scientifically quantifiable megalomaniacal
Viable style it's like trying to ride a bull
The lyrical inimical is miserable because I've built a citadel
Of syllables that made me invincible
Am I a mad man or a mason? A patriot or a pagan?
West Coasting in a 64 with Rose Gold Daytons
The propulsion system matrix is poorly calibrated
I'm waiting on the parts special order replacements
Battle Rap is just aimless entertainment
Second Round Knockout was one of they favourites, Fuck all the haters
My luck was crushed, I felt like they fronted
My heart kept pumping, I had to do something
I turned the page, wrote a turn of phrase
Verbal X-Rays, they say "I don't burn I blaze"
Don't look at it like winning or losing, in '98 it was amusing
But Poet Laureate is my New Shit!
Time keep on slipping the Ripper keeps ripping
But right now my image stands still in a prism
My light reflects like a mirror, I choose to share it
The Precession of Earth is nearing, I'm preparing
Assessment and Planning things, should I put mustard on these sandwiches, a
Fathers job is so challenging
My pupil size increase, constriction and velocity decrease
You can't Emcee take a seat
What are you building Bis? Is it a flying Silver Disk?
If you ever leave you'll be missed
I tear thru the Galactic drift, I travel 10 digits in 10 minutes
Now that's some shit! You think that's fast? Nah....
That's faster than you think, By the time you blink, the whole Universe shrinks
A word to the wise, try to keep your eyes in the skies
And try to keep your ears on my rhymes
A magic reminder that the fire will not expire
Pyrus Sidonious gives me energy when I'm tired
The Sun is so bright my eyes hurt, I'm forced to look downward
Now I see inside the Earth
I Thank Mother Gaia for bearing us green grass
But it won't last we're killing her with greenhouse gas
You said "the best shouldn't have to ask for respect"
Is that correct? Yes could you please speak up, I SAID YES!
I hold Hip Hop responsible
Every magazine writer that wrote bullshit in their articles
Gone 'til November? I'll be gone forever
I made these bars so you could ALL remember
The illest MC to put it all on the line
My career was crucified but I'm still alive
Sky scraper spaceships, wide crater dry lake beds
"resistance is futile" they said
I bear clutch the pen, my girlfriends jealous again
So intimate when I write it's a sin, 200
My electromagnetic rap flytrap
There's no way Earth you can get around that
This is a no brainer, stop the complaining
If Hip Hop is dead I'm here to save it
Pages upon pages everything I've created
The bar was below basic, I had to raise it
I did it for my Fathers, I did it for my Mothers and my Brothers
I did it for the world to discover
My poetry is peaceful, aggressive but regal
Progressive to the people, I hope the words reach you 210
Dr. Watson and Crick found an 3rd strand in the DNA helix
So your not what you think
Metronome Man will never take commands from the drum
The beat is my slave and it will behave as I want
Cheers! I spill beer on my bear skin chairs
I shed tears I loved Hip Hop all these years
Poet Laureate Infinity
I WILL FOREVER BE THE ILLEST LYRICALLY!
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in history

Nobody do it better, there ain't a truer Ripper
I did this separate imagine what we could do together
Inspired by GOD, inspired by the suffering
Was it done by a prophet? It must have been, who was it then
Rip The Jacker, hot but cold blooded
Many utter the name but very few love him
33 is the number that enlightens the Brothers
Insight to the fullest, that could brighten the dullest
The ramifications are awesome, what should we call it?
I call it my unacknowledged special access project
My skull is a submarine hull
In a cave below ground with a painting of Cthulhu on the wall
Necronomicon grimoires, open the doors
The vortex that reaches from here to beyond,10
The power to control thoughts however remotely
Through a term I'd like to call "Pulse Detonation Poetry"
The results from SETI, very interesting
I briefed the committee they told me to stop the testing
My team was credited, we turned over the evidence
But not before I could leverage it, for promotion to President
Cover me, 8 point sighting device for the eyes
FIRE!!! Transition if you go dry
Close your eyes, ritualize, spit your rhymes
Without trying you can shift your mind
Canibus altered the sequence nucleotides
Neuropetides only get high off mature Wine
Start timing, Atomic Clock keeps time perfectly, 20
Mrs. Guutoff my band teacher always would work me
Polyester pants, big fat ass
I loved that woman so much, I paid attention in class
My Spanish teacher Mrs Booker had an ass too
Why am I talking about this to you?
One day this will be known for now I must wait
I still love them both, and I never forget a face
At the time I used my Beta waves more than my Theta waves
Then there was greater way I learned at a later date
The rate of learning began burgeoning and wouldn't let up, 30
Mommy noticed my vocabulary I developed
Telencephalon olfactory lobes I had to practice
When a woman has her period I smell it on the mattress
It got to be difficult for any woman to live with me
I know my history, but what could that mean specifically?
The story of Bruce Lee, I died in my sleep
I was weak, it happens with every girl that I meet
A Clairvoyant Technique
Using X-Ray refraction, Not only can I see into the future
I can see past it, 40
But I don't know what it means I pass the DataStream along to my team
They say it's more than a dream
Killing caused by poisonous vapours, Lasers, Tasers, Masers
Electromagnetic Scalars
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
Listen to the rhymes, the rhymes equal pie
If I had a piece of the pie I could buy Dubai
Rip The Jacker was born, the bow was drawn
Spit a 100 bars before you could run 100 yards, 50
I seen a mushroom to the north, from my porch
It was odd, every dog in the neighbourhood barked
You wanna stand there and talk?
The blast wave gonna' tear more than your roof off, nigga C'mon!
It is my understanding, that when I'm high I'm channelling
But when I'm out with the family I am animal handling
Observe a man who has a third DNA strand
Or a 5th or a 6th, this is way more advanced
I remove the veil from in front of me, suddenly
The roots of my discovery uncovered skulduggery, 60
I am not innocent, but you cannot punish me
Cause I know what the world wants to see, tragedy
What is Germaine determined to ascertain for his self?
Few of the same ilk have known what I felt
There's a Proverb that goes "One should know thyself"
Before one can know the world so I showed myself
The unidentified submersible, looked like a giant turtle half circle
Yo, I need to stop smoking purple
Requested selected elected, but that's only impressive to the experts
Who know how to manipulate my message, 70
You lazy and you wanna be the best? I repeat
Don't talk about consciousness when you are consciousless and weak
If I die and YOU happen to wake up, I'm still alive
Please explain my complete life story to my children
Photo stills of the cryospill
Solarized film revealed there was a biofield
Fuck a record deal, my training is real
Look at the sword I wield, you will taste my steel
Phase I, sign the MOU, pursue more voters
There's three more phases that I think you should know, 80
Phase II, build the force, Phase III, sustain Ops
Phase IV, transition of Border Patrol Cops
Do, Re, Mi, Fa, Sol, La, Si-Do
These are the tones that will activate the ohms
No telling if it will bring out the best or the worst in you
It would be a miracle if I was merciful
Are you food for the moon? Or are you in the mood for doom?
Furniture moves when I walk into a room
STRYKER BRIGADE Driver, sometimes I was GUNNER
Check points required all the concentration I could muster, 90
Special Weapons And Tactics, Professional Assassin
I don't know what he does for a living ask him
I kneel before Congress and beg for money
Submitting specifics about the operation I'm running
You gotta' love it, what was it called? The G8 Summit
"Never heard of it", no details are public
The relative radiance of the rhyme makes it shine
Increasing the star wattage with longer cycle time
Yeah, I bust the rhymes but I customize the lines
And by the looks of things I did it just in time, 100
I marched from the Halls of Montezuma to Tripoli
Physically this mission objective is killing me
I submit to the will of the creator willingly
The possibilities present a probable infinity
I looked into LL's eyes we both cried
Meteors immediately fell from the skies
I've apologized but I can't change who I am
I can change future, can't budge the past
Them pretty ass lyrics is for bitches with acrylic
Only fake niggas catch feelings over silly shit, 110
SPORTS locked and loaded, zero you in from the pillbox
Williams! How many kills you got?
The uniforms match so we all look the same from the sky
They only time they notice the difference is when we die
Is dying a wise thing? What about trying?
What about our family members back home crying?
Man made weapons Star Ship Captain etc
George Lucas showed me a full size replica
We circled for a fly over in a black KIOWA
5 soldiers including me and a pilot called Noah
He passed over a top secret dossier folder half opened, 120
I noticed the words MOSES and CONUS
MOSES is a new weapon system secret code
CONUS is the continent of the US, I suppose
The jump light lit up, Master Chief said "Let's Go!"
All right men this is what we train for
Williams you gotta go first, "if you say so, HALO", High Altitude Stay Low
Gale Winds blowing, this might be the death of me
The AIRBORNE unit in the back of me jumped out next to me
Gold chords from the organ cut down your swordsman
Tell everybody to shut the fuck up when I'm talking, 130
[Not in current version: fuel mix rich, human hydrogen slush
The rhymes are too Christ Complex like for them,]
The 1000 Bar race at an unrelenting pace
Just in case Humans ever get to World War 8
Do you believe in fate? Then how do you know?
When you finally get there, where will you go?
This ain't no joke, you think I'm joking
Everything frozen, melted, destroyed, broken
Only the chosen find a way out
Everybody move out! Stay off the main route, 140
Satellites watch me they think they got me
Right hands turn left shoulders around but it's not me
Atmospheric Re-entry a flying sighting, looked like lightening
Striking blind, what it struck was frying
Comparative image sharpness between all artists
I don't think you know what you're about to get involved in
I'll give a quadrillion dollars to be a partner
If you are still worshipping money, you are Godless
Sulphuric Nitric Acid eats through the Labyrinth
The foundation is cracking, we must take action, 150
Basic Instruction Before Leaving Earth B.I.B.L.E
I take shelter in an old Missile Silo
Hip Hop is blackened pot placed next to a kettle
With my logo in it, a rigid rehomogenized metal
Millions of you are unfamiliar with what I'm saying?
Discuss it with your Chemistry Professor he will praise it
Tri Quad Quintangulate where did the signal originated?
Try to find out more information
The internal atheist outside the MATRIX
Sophia Stewart offered me a pill and said "take this"
She asked me if I was followed, I told her I wasn't
I didn't know the spy that sold me out would be my own cousin
"A populace uniformed is a populace of slaves"
Washington didn't say it quite that way
But it's something like that, you get the point I'm assuming
Poet Laureate Exclusive New Shit!
The message said "We should meet somewhere clandestine"
Professor keep heading East to the Best Western
Do not loose your bearings, keep checking your direction
"Start Session point 666 arc seconds"
The budget is huge, I have doubts about spending it
Concerning Cyclotronic Resonance, patents are pending it
Canibus aka "The Spitzberg Beast"
Gave his Bicentennial Speech on Emerald Peak
You'll need a first aid kit for the verse I spit
I am cautiously meticulous but artfully brisk
A change is beginning every molecule is spinning
Lyrics imitate the art, art imitates lyrics, can you hear it?
Signals bounce back and forth like a mirror
With flawless error, like that forever
Surface the air radar tells me where they are, 180
Are they far? I patiently watch the sweep arm
We can find them but they can't find us
Just below Mach 3 the rhymes ionizes
I'm hooked on Hip Hop, I can't live without it
You can mix this song a thousand ways I don't doubt it
The daughters of man locked in prison camps
With the sons of mothers that are too weak to dance
At least we notice damage, what do we expect
The coming super storm is gonna wipe us off the map 190
But that is not possible, that's sounds completely illogical
You must've been kicked the fuck out of school
Always remember the Reptilian agenda
"No Pulse Rendered" in the earthquake's epicentre
I found fluoride in my water supply
At the time I felt a total apathy towards dying
The ungrateful dead reoccurring images playing in my head
I was told to memorize what I was said
"With this salt I consecrate this water
May whatever it touch receive Hallowed LIGHT from THEM"
"With this sacred water I consecrate this Talisman so that
It will make ME POET LAUREATE" otherwise I'll be so depressed, oh well no
Regrets, I been toe to toe with the best, I KNOW the LEDGE
I accept all cultures colours creeds and races
Life is Life no taxonomical classification
No corruption no disruption no destruction no budget no nothing
It's never that easy you just gotta trust it
A leader I feel beleaguered to teach the truth
The Youth will refuse to follow if they don't believe you
There is strength in numbers there are numbers in strength
Nothing good comes from hatred, Love's the missing link
Even if I am in a minority of one
The truth is still the truth no matter how it's spun
My mind is prepared, Hip Hop is impaired
If you disagree with me then yours isn't there

I rock rhymes for your pleasure, you listen at your leisure
I only record it once you listen to it forever
The fish hook stuck in your jaws, the feedback was not positive
Human Hominids fishing for compliments
Started with a nugget, the budget snowballed into something
Above ground running not underground covered
Breath easy, regulate the pace see if they love it
The Poet Laureate puppet with a message from "THE OTHERS"
The aura describes the forces
I'm too involved to divorce it, my internal compass points me northward
My skull is a submarine hull, calling whales with whale song
Creating basketball size hailstorms
Water World under water war protected by the Jericho wall
With surface permutation of the permafrost
My war birds are grounded, their wings have been burned off
I'm not concerned though, it's only the first lost
Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry Poetry
Poet Laureate infinity now you know it's me
Yeti riding a Triceratops with Elephant netting
Attending Black Widow weddings dressing in gossamer webbing
Pretending, experimenting, they call me a heretic
A derelict cherubim seraphim protecting America
Height, weight, eye colour, skeletal structure was designed
I circle my flight instructors in the skies as they fly
22 times, to show them I have plenty new rhymes
Poet Laureate will prove it to you all in due time
Don't be upset with Canibus yet, the kid just want respect
You been a success but what do he get?
Politics and Perjury bring out the worst in me
But I don't take it personally, even though it's hurting me
The key maker turns the key, those observing me keep cursing me
They aren't worthy of a word from me
I spit the truth Rip the mic Rip the booth Rip you too
Rip the Jacker is proof I Ripped through
It drives me insane when a woman wears lace
The current gene structure is 46 pair based
Her heart rumbling and thundering like Captain Nicole Malachowski from an
Airbase, on a clear day
Ok I'm a pervert, It's time to fess up
I might be looking for a leg up, but I won't touch
Closet sadomasochist sexual pacifist
I like to role play but I only play masculine
Victory over injury a victim to misery
The myriad of my metaphors make me a mystical mystery
I'm a giant in the industry just over 5 ft
Even my photo ID don't look like me
The NASA contractor with a satchel of answers
I passed up the Nobel Peace Prize for my passion
Democracy Rules Everything Around Me, D.R.E.A.M
Another fucking acronym, just what I need
Killing me with phrases that were designed to put me into dazes
As worthless as my junk mail is
"That is not dead which can eternally lie
And with strange aeons even death may die"
The Squid Faced God is difficult to describe
Those of weak heart and mind shouldn't even try
In a town near Kadam and Kakrak Jahlalabad
I pray in a hut constructed from Sago Palm
Astoria Oregon Fisherman Poets got lost
Looking for Paradise, it only exists in the heart
Cause emotion manifests Thought, Thought manifests Words Actions and Reality
But what is attracting me?
The overseer of poetic antiquity
The Victoria and Albert Museum kept them for me
Pythagoras, Dionysus, Loki and Pan
They have enlightened me thru song to understand
The multiplex meshing multiple messages is too much for me
Truly there is too much to see
I'll mix one for you, then one for me
I'll mix some for the street, mix 'til my thumbs bleed
A stationary pulley drawing from a wishing well
The Genie gave me more than three because I listen well
Conflicted and confused but completely compelled
To celebrate my birthday alone in the year 2012
I hope I am not alone, that would be terrible
If I am celebrating then that would be a miracle
In a newly ordered world living in shit
No matter how good or poor your English is
You lazy and you wanna be the best? You crazy!
Poet Laureate is reserved for the name G
E-r-m-a-i-n-e, Will I am, the name that my precious mother gave me
The world came to know me as Sir William
The man of steel with a Smallville build with the illest
Some of my thoughts align with Einstein himself
I wanna know God's thoughts too, the rest are details
Lyrical Fitness is no secret of course but
The secret to creativity is hiding your sources
Preserve the sanctity of the Soldiers in IRAQ
Do not blame them and hold their humanity hostage
Pray for the families that want them home
Pray for the families abroad that have lost their homes
Who have lost their faith, who have lost their hope
Who have lost their point, who have lost their own
Yo! calm the fuck down, I shouldn't have to curse at you
Hydrate as much as possible, drink a lot of juice
Fucking bummer, no armour inside the Hummer
Gotta hug a motherfucking sandbag for cover
Now I'm self employed, still gotta pay taxes
Cashless, bankrupt, ain't got no assets
From the gutter to the gallows no media coverage
Cause I don't want it, that's why I'm rarely seen in public
President Poetry, the popular obedient Pundit
That's right, you can take this job and shove it
I dictate a scribe that causes the court stenographer to die
Brewing hot tea with honey and lime
How is my driving? Run you off the road smiling
1-800-RoadRage, Start dialing
The snake will grow feet and stampede you to your defeat
You are weak, you lied to us all in your speech
Symbiotic indeed, the host bleeds
Parasites attach to feed fulfilling antiquated needs
Rock climbed the slope shaped like a stop sign
In record clock time, Hot Lava lock rhymes rock slide topside
How does one ever really perfect such a craft?
You're obliged by your curiosity to ask
Cubism and Futurism writing amusing lyrics
My opinion of your opinion is you can't be serious
Test driving my principle findings
By designing a new style of rhyming you can take home and try out
A 100 Bars per hour sometimes I doubled the writing secret signature timing
Was the hardest part to figure out
Agonizing, the pain of the migraine biting my brain
And everything inside it I can't explain but I'm trying
I heard this before, I can't remember who said it
We hear from 1000 to 20 thousand cycles per second
Straight out the freak show no pre-show
Limited oxygen when I rhyme fast you breath slow
VFR stands for Visual Flight Rules by the Book
You should know this even though it concern the showbiz
Because when in Rome, walk as a Roman
Obviously you can see you've made the wrong choice
Fraternize but don't do it in the wrong tone of voice
A bad boy with bad toys made from new alloys
Readapted from a crashed asteroid
My shelter is not far, you can borrow what you need
The bunker doors sequestered beneath the tall tumble weeds
After the Matrix, Agent Smith continued his movement
The same bullshit, that humans are major pollutants
Assemble the Gatlin gun, spin it see if it spun
Weapons check correct, I'm done - next one
My rap room is an 8 by 14 underground base
Hyper cube microphone booth in a vacuum of space
Extraterrestrial Isotopic ratios
A broke Scientist in his Lab with no place to go
All these conscious rappers ain't saying nothing
Matter fact they have no constituent function
Mix this record different, you'll hear me call names out
It's played out but there must be alternative routes
The Geneva Protocol Advocates are so sloppy
A human being is not anybody's property
Reading body language in a Zero Gravity environment
Is much easier said than done, if your trying it
Attending the Opera with a Pompous Ego Monster
I can barely take my eyes off her big old knockers
Integrated in an existing clothing ensemble
My Saratoga Suit is Military Garment
The Quarantine Isolation Unit is where I house it
My team and I salvage the work of Dr. Fritz Albert
If the prototype works, there's no telling what I will do
I'll have to get a new Plane a new Pilot and a Crew
Creatively I have never been to this level
First I'll put you in a sideways 8, then a pretzel
Password please have patience verification
I repeat, "What's Your Character String Verification?"
Infrared spectral observation from the Space Station
Before you take a break, I'll need you to list and name them
Dock the Kliper Craft at the preliminary designation
Tracing the Detection of Submicron Radiation
Do not leave the Orbital Boom Sensor System running
I heard something called nothing that the Cosmonauts were coming
The rhymes are in place, General George Case
And Peter Pace said we had absolutely no time to waste
Next time we meet this whole song will be a new mix
For all the Rippers out there who need a new fix
My father is Jamaican, my mother is British
Raised to be civic, in the household we spoke Yiddish
ELF 100 cps, Elephant Hearing
I'm heading for the clearing, Storm Clouds appearing
On the back of an Elephant with advanced intelligence
Like Nikola Tesla, shit!, damn that's a smart Elephant
Cease fire breach, riot and loot for 3 weeks, don't you see
Broke niggas never promote peace
Suzanne Malveaux will interview the polygamist Mr. Bis
Undisclosed in his home by the cliffs
I rip shit consistent spit persistent
The sickness, spit with conviction, promote lyrical fitness
I'm lost, what version is this?
Mozart with a flowchart putting together parts of an unknown art
But coming from my own heart
Burning a disk, initializing, rhyming and visualizing
Reaching 1000 Bars and climbing
Martial Law Research, an all expense paid trip to the dirt
Several miles deep underneath the Earth
The Boston Visionary Cell designed my new Lab
Paul Laffoley engineered a magnificent draft
Extraordinary men, who meet to review and recommend
I attend the Gubernatorial that never ends, 190
We just got a SASO, we call this one the Black Hole
I'm glad I'm the last to go
Zionism the answer to your uncensored question
Guy de Rothschild and his bloodline brethren
Playing the guitar singing folk songs, speaking my mind
Nobody could really understand the reason I rhyme
Infrared direct hit, target bled, proceed to inject the syringe with meds
That subsequently pinch your leg
You feel like your an inch from being dead
But you alive instead, you're really dead your just living in my head
Fire for effect, smoke out then rest
Give me a wedge formation, roll out like this
I will spare no sin, walk in with a scarecrow grin, looking crazy
Cause that's what you made me
Classified payloads with no frequency safe modes, no safety
And I still made time for the ladies
Ceiling visibility unlimited
A lyricist river fish surrounded by nigga shrimp
I'm a killer pimp
Somebody Hip Hop don't need me
Nigga I grew up in D.C., I love Lil' Weezy, 210
Me and Baby got the same name
We probably got the same blood in our veins, liquid propane
At the top of the Temple Mount Mosque I look at the Sun
I just have a few words for everyone
Everybody bow your heads and say this prayer
From this moment Hip Hop is united everywhere
Poet Laureate Infinity
I will forever be the illest lyrically
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
Poet Laureate Infinity
This has never been done before in 

               Ut bona spe valetudo cum dicitur esse
           Corporis, et non est tamen hc pars ulla ralentis;
                "As when the body's health they do it call,
          When of a sound man, that's no part at all."
Epicurus in the stomach;
               Hic exsultat enim pavor ac metus;
          Hc loca circum Ltiti mulcent.
               "For this the seat of horror is and fear,
          And joys in turn do likewise triumph here."
The Stoics, about and within the heart; Erasistratus, adjoining the membrane of the epicranium; Empedocles, in the blood; as also Moses, which was the reason why he interdicted eating the blood of beasts, because the soul is there seated; Galen thought that every part of the body had its soul; Strato has placed it betwixt the eyebrows; Qu facie quidem sit animus, aut ubi habitet, ne quorendum quidem est: "What figure the soul is of, or what part it inhabits, is not to be inquired into," says Cicero. I very willingly deliver this author to you in his own words; for should I alter eloquence itself? Besides, it were but a poor prize to steal the matter of his inventions; they are neither very frequent, nor of any great weight, and sufficiently known. But the reason why Chrysippus argues it to be about the heart, as all the rest of that sect do, is not to be omitted; "It is," says he, "because when we would affirm any things we lay our hand upon our breasts; and when we would pronounce y, which signifies I, we let the lower jaw fall towards the stomach." This place ought not to be passed over without a remark upon the vanity of so great a man; for besides that these considerations are infinitely light in themselves, the last is only a proof to the Greeks that they have their souls lodged in that part. No human judgment is so sprightly and vigilant that it does not sometimes sleep. Why do we fear to say? The Stoics, the fathers of human prudence, think that the soul of a man, crushed under a ruin, long labours and strives to get out, like a mouse caught in a trap, before it can disengage itself from the burden. Some hold that the world was made to give bodies, by way of punishment, to the spirits fallen, by their own fault, from the purity wherein they had been created, the first creation having been incorporeal; and that, according as they are more or less depraved from their spirituality, so are they more or less jocundly or dully incorporated; and that thence proceeds all the variety of so much created matter. But the spirit that for his punishment was invested with the body of the sun must certainly have a very rare and particular measure of change.
The extremities of our perquisition do all fall into astonishment and blindness; as Plutarch says of the testimony of histories, that, according to charts and maps, the utmost bounds of known r countries are taken up with marshes, impenetrable forests, deserts, and uninhabitable places; this is the reason why the most gross and childish ravings were most found in those authors who treat of the most elevated subjects, and proceed the furthest in them, losing themselves in their own curiosity and presumption. The beginning and end of knowledge are equally foolish; observe to what a pitch Plato flies in his poetic clouds; do but take notice there of the gibberish of the gods; but what did he dream of when he defined a man to be "a two-legged animal without feathers: giving those who had a mind to deride him a pleasant occasion; for, having pulled a capon alive, they went about calling it the man of Plato."
And what did the Epicureans think of, out of what simplicity did they first imagine that their atoms that they said were bodies having some weight, and a natural motion downwards, had made the world; till they were put in mind, by their adversaries, that, according to this description, it was impossible they should unite and join to one another, their fall being so direct and perpendicular, and making so many parallel lines throughout? Wherefore there was a necessity that they should since add a fortuitous and sideways motion, and that they should moreover accoutre their atoms with hooked tails, by which they might unite and cling to one another. And even then do not those that attack them upon this second consideration put them hardly to it? "If the atoms have by chance formed so many sorts of figures, why did it never fall out that they made a house or a shoe? Why at the same rate should we not believe that an infinite number of Greek letters, strewed all over a certain place, might fall into the contexture of the Iliad?"—"Whatever is capable of reason," says Zeno, "is better than that which is not capable; there is nothing better than the world; the world is therefore capable of reason." Cotta, by this way of argumentation, makes the world a mathematician; 'and tis also made a musician and an organist by this other argumentation of Zeno: "The whole is more than a part; we are capable of wisdom, and are part of the world; therefore the world is wise." There are infinite like examples, not only of arguments that are false in themselves, but silly ones, that do not hold in themselves, and that accuse their authors not so much of ignorance as imprudence, in the reproaches the philosophers dash one another in the teeth withal, upon their dissensions in their sects and opinions.
Whoever should bundle up a lusty faggot of the fooleries of human wisdom would produce wonders. I willingly muster up these few for a pattern, by a certain meaning not less profitable to consider than the most sound and moderate instructions. Let us judge by these what opinion we are to have of man, of his sense and reason, when in these great persons that have raised human knowledge so high, so many gross mistakes and manifest errors are to be found.
For my part, I am apt to believe that they have treated of knowledge casually, and like a toy, with both hands; and have contended about reason as of a vain and frivolous instrument, setting on foot all sorts of fancies and inventions, sometimes more sinewy, and sometimes weaker. This same Plato, who defines man as if he were a cock, says elsewhere, after Socrates, "That he does not, in truth, know what man is, and that he is a member of the world the hardest to understand." By this variety and instability of opinions, they tacitly lead us, as it were by the hand, to this resolution of their irresolution. They profess not always to deliver their opinions barefaced and apparent to us; they have one while disguised them in the fabulous shadows of poetry, and at another in some other vizor; for our imperfection carries this also along with it, that crude meat is not always proper for our stomachs; we must dry, alter, and mix it; they do the same; they sometimes conceal their real opinions and judgments, and falsify them to accommodate themselves to the public use. They will not make an open profession of ignorance, and of the imbecility of human reason, that they may not fright children; but they sufficiently discover it to us under the appearance of a troubled and inconstant science.
I advised a person in Italy, who had a great mind to speak Italian, that provided he only had a desire to make himself understood, without being ambitious in any other respect to excel, that he should only make use of the first word that came to the tongue's end, whether Latin, French, Spanish, or Gascon, and that, by adding the Italian termination, he could not fail of hitting upon some idiom of the country, either Tuscan, Roman, Venetian, Piedmontese, or Neapolitan, and so fall in with some one of those many forms. I say the same of Philosophy; she has so many faces, so much variety, and has said so many things, that all our dreams and ravings are there to be found. Human fancy can conceive nothing good or bad that is not there: Nihil tam absurde did potest, quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosophorum. "Nothing can be said so absurd, that has not been said before by some of the philosophers." And I am the more willing to expose my whimsies to the public; forasmuch as, though they are spun out of myself, and without any pattern, I know they will be found related to some ancient humour, and some will not stick to say, "See whence he took it!" My manners are natural, I have not called in the assistance of any discipline to erect them; but, weak as they are, when it came into my head to lay them open to the world's view, and that to expose them to the light in a little more decent garb I went to adorn them with reasons and examples, it was a wonder to myself accidentally to find them conformable to so many philosophical discourses and examples. I never knew what regimen my life was of till it was near worn out and spent; a new figure—an unpremeditated and accidental philosopher.
But to return to the soul. Inasmuch as Plato has placed reason in the brain, anger in the heart, and concupiscence in the liver; 'tis likely that it was rather an interpretation of the movements of the soul, than that he intended a division and separation of it, as of a body, into several members. And the most likely of their opinions is that 'tis always a soul, that by its faculty, reasons, remembers, comprehends, judges, desires, and exercises all its other operations by divers instruments of the body; as the pilot guides his ship according to his experience, one while straining or slacking the cordage, one while hoisting the mainyard, or removing the rudder, by one and the same power carrying on several effects; and that it is lodged in the brain; which appears in that the wounds and accidents that touch that part do immediately offend the faculties of the soul; and 'tis not incongruous that it should thence diffuse itself through the other parts of the body
                Medium non deserit unquam
          Coeli Phoebus iter; radiis tamen omnia lustrt.
                "Phoebus ne'er deviates from the zodiac's way;
          Yet all things doth illustrate with his ray."
As the sun sheds from heaven its light and influence, and fills the world with them:—
               Ctera pars animas, per totum dissita corpus,
           Paret, et ad numen mentis momenque movetur.
               "The other part o' th' soul diffus'd all o'er
          The body, does obey the reason's lore."
Some have said that there was a general soul, as it were a great body, whence all the particular souls were extracted, and thither again return, always restoring themselves to that universal matter:—
               Deum namque ire per omnes
          Terrasque, tractusque maris, columque profundum;
          Hinc pecudes, armenta, viros, genus omne ferarum,
          Quemque sibi tenues nascentem arcessere vitas:
          Scilicet hue reddi deinde, ac resoluta referri
          Omnia; nec morti esse locum:
               "For God goes forth, and spreads throughout the whole
          Heaven, earth, and sea, the universal soul;
          Each at its birth, from him all beings share,
          Both man and brute, the breath of vital air;
          To him return, and, loos'd from earthly chain,
          Fly whence they sprung, and rest in God again,
           Spurn at the grave, and, fearless of decay,
           Dwell in high heaven, and star th' ethereal way."
Others, that they only rejoined and reunited themselves to it; others, that they were produced from the divine substance; others, by the angels of fire and air; others, that they were from all antiquity; and some that they were created at the very point of time the bodies wanted them; others make them to descend from the orb of the moon, and return thither; the generality of the ancients believed that they were begotten from father to son, after a like manner, and produced with all other natural things; taking their argument from the likeness of children to their fathers;
               Instillata patris virtus tibi;
          Fortes creantur fortibus, et bonis;
               "Thou hast thy father's virtues with his blood:
          For still the brave spring from the brave and good;"
and that we see descend from fathers to their children not only bodily marks, but moreover a resemblance of humours, complexions, and inclinations of the soul:—
                Denique cur acris violentia triste leonum
          Seminium sequitur? dolus vulpibus, et fuga, cervis
          A patribus datur, et patrius pavor incitt artus?
          Si non certa suo quia semine seminioque
          Vis animi pariter crescit cum corpore toto.
               "For why should rage from the fierce lion's seed,
          Or from the subtle fox's craft, proceed;
          Or why the tim'rous and flying hart
          His fear and trembling to his race impart;
          But that a certain force of mind does grow,
           And still increases as the bodies do?"
That thereupon the divine justice is grounded, punishing in the children the faults of their fathers; forasmuch as the contagion of paternal vices is in some sort imprinted in the soul of children, and that the ill government of their will extends to them; moreover, that if souls had any other derivation than a natural consequence, and that they had been some other thins out of the body, they would retain some memory of their first being, the natural faculties that are proper to them of discoursing, reasoning, and remembering, being considered:—
               Si in corpus nascentibus insinuatur,
          Cur super anteactam tatem meminisse nequimus,
          Nec vestigia gestarum rerum ulla tenemus?
               "For at our birth if it infused be,
          Why do we then retain no memory
          Of our foregoing life, and why no more
          Remember any thing we did before?"
for, to make the condition of our souls such as we would have it to be, we must suppose them all-knowing, even in their natural simplicity and purity; by these means they had been such, being free from the prison of the body, as well before they entered into it, as we hope they shall be after they are gone out of it; and from this knowledge it should follow that they should remember, being got in the body, as Plato said, "That what we learn is no other than a remembrance of what we knew before;" a thing which every one by experience may maintain to be false. Forasmuch, in the first place, as that we do not justly remember any thing but what we have been taught, and that if the memory did purely perform its office it would at least suggest to us something more than what we have learned. Secondly, that which she knew being in her purity, was a true knowledge, knowing things as they are by her divine intelligence; whereas here we make her receive falsehood and vice when we instruct her; wherein she cannot employ her reminiscence, that image and conception having never been planted in her. To say that the corporal prison does in such sort suffocate her natural faculties, that they are there utterly extinct, is first contrary to this other belief of acknowledging her power to be so great, and the operations of it that men sensibly perceive in this life so admirable, as to have thereby concluded that divinity and eternity past, and the immortality to come:—
               Nam si tantopere est anirai mutata potestas,
          Omnia ut actarum exciderit retinentia rerum,
          Non, ut opinor, ea ab letho jam longior errat.
               "For if the mind be changed to that degree
          As of past things to lose all memory,
          So great a change as that, I must confess,
          Appears to me than death but little less."
Furthermore, 'tis here with us, and not elsewhere, that the force and effects of the soul ought to be considered; all the rest of her perfections are vain and useless to her; 'tis by her present condition that all her immortality is to be rewarded and paid, and of the life of man only that she is to render an account It had been injustice to have stripped her of her means and powers; to have disarmed her in order, in the time of her captivity and imprisonment in the flesh, of her weakness and infirmity in the time wherein she was forced and compelled, to pass an infinite and perpetual sentence and condemnation, and to insist upon the consideration of so short a time, peradventure but an hour or two, or at the most but a century, which has no more proportion with infinity than an instant; in this momentary interval to ordain and definitively to determine of her whole being; it were an unreasonable disproportion, too, to assign an eternal recompense in consequence of so short a life. Plato, to defend himself from this inconvenience, will have future payments limited to the term of a hundred years, relatively to human duration; and of us ourselves there are enough who have given them temporal limits. By this they judged that the generation of the soul followed the common condition of human things, as also her life, according to the opinion of Epicurus and Democritus, which has been the most received; in consequence of these fine appearances that they saw it bom, and that, according as the body grew more capable, they saw it increase in vigour as the other did; that its feebleness in infancy was very manifest, and in time its better strength and maturity, and after that its declension and old age, and at last its decrepitude:—
               Gigni pariter cum corpore, et una
          Crescere sentimus, pariterque senescere mentem.
               "Souls with the bodies to be born we may
          Discern, with them t' increase, with them decay."
They perceived it to be capable of divers passions, and agitated with divers painful motions, whence it fell into lassitude and uneasiness; capable of alteration and change, of cheerfulness, of stupidity and languor, and subject to diseases and injuries, as the stomach or the foot;
               Mentem sanari, corpus ut grum,
            Ceraimus, et flecti medicin posse videmus;
                "Sick minds, as well as bodies, we do see
           By Med'cine's virtue oft restored to be;"
dazzled and intoxicated with the fumes of wine, jostled from her seat by the vapours of a burning fever, laid asleep by the application of some medicaments, and roused by others,—
               Corpoream naturam animi esse necesse est,
           Corporeis quoniam telis ictuque laborat;
               "There must be of necessity, we find,
          A nature that's corporeal of the mind,
          Because we evidently see it smarts
            And wounded is with shafts the body darts;"
they saw it astonished and overthrown in all its faculties through the mere bite of a mad dog, and in that condition to have no stability of reason, no sufficiency, no virtue, no philosophical resolution, no resistance that could exempt it from the subjection of such accidents; the slaver of a contemptible cur shed upon the hand of Socrates, to shake all his wisdom and all his great and regulated imaginations, and so to annihilate them, ad that there remained no trace of his former knowledge,—
               Vis.... animal Conturbatur, et.... divisa seorsum
          Disjectatur, eodem illo distracta veneno;
               "The power of the soul's disturbed; and when
          That once is but sequestered from her, then
           By the same poison 'tis dispersed abroad;"
and this poison to find no more resistance in that great soul than in an infant of four years old; a poison sufficient to make all philosophy, if it were incarnate, become furious and mad; insomuch that Cato, who ever disdained death and fortune, could not endure the sight of a looking-glass, or of water, overwhelmed with horror and affright at the thought of falling, by the contagion of a mad dog, into the disease called by physicians hydrophobia:—
              Vis morbi distracta per artus
          Turbat agens animam, spumantes quore salso
         Ventorum ut validis fervescunt viribus und.
              "Throughout the limbs diffused, the fierce disease
         Disturbs the soul, as in the briny seas,
         The foaming waves to swell and boil we see,
          Stirred by the wind's impetuosity."
Now, as to this particular, philosophy has sufficiently armed man to encounter all other accidents either with patience, or, if the search of that costs too dear, by an infallible defeat, in totally depriving himself of all sentiment; but these are expedients that are only of use to a soul being itself, and in its full power, capable of reason and deliberation; but not at all proper for this inconvenience, where, in a philosopher, the soul becomes the soul of a madman, troubled, overturned, and lost; which many occasions may produce, as a too vehement agitation that any violent passion of the soul may beget in itself; or a wound in a certain part of the person, or vapours from the stomach, any of which may stupefy the understanding and turn the brain.
                Morbis in corporis avius errat
          Spe animus; dementit enim, deliraque fatur;
          Interdumque gravi lethargo fertur in altum
         ternumque soporem, oculis mi tuque cadenti:
         "For when the body's sick, and ill at ease,
         The mind doth often share in the disease;
          Wonders, grows wild, and raves, and sometimes by
         A heavy and a stupid lethargy,
         Is overcome and cast into a deep,
         A most profound and everlasting sleep."
The philosophers, methinks, have not much touched this string, no more than another of equal importance; they have this dilemma continually in their mouths, to console our mortal condition: "The soul is either mortal or immortal; if mortal, it will suffer no pain; if immortal, it will change for the better."—They never touch the other branch, "What if she change for the worse?" and leave to the poets the menaces of future torments. But thereby they make themselves a good game. These are two omissions that I often meet with in their discourses. I return to the first.
This soul loses the use of the sovereign stoical good, so constant and so firm. Our fine human wisdom must here yield, and give up her arms. As to the rest, they also considered, by the vanity of human reason, that the mixture and association of two so contrary things as the mortal and the immortal, was unimaginable:—
              Quippe etenim mortale terao jungere, et una
         Consentire putare, et fungi mutua posse,
         Desipere est. Quid enim diversius esse putandum est,
         Aut magis inter se disjunctum discrepitansque,
         Quam, mortale quod est, immortali atque perenni
          Junctum, in concilio, svas tolerare procellas?
               "The mortal and th' eternal, then, to blend,
         And think they can pursue one common end,
         Is madness: for what things more diff'rent are.
         Distinct in nature, and disposed to jar?
         How can it then be thought that these should bear,
         When thus conjoined, of harms an equal share?"
Moreover, they perceived the soul tending towards death as well as the body:—
         Simul ovo fessa fatiscit:
         "Fatigued together with the weight of years:"
which, according to Zeno, the image of sleep does sufficiently demonstrate to us; for he looks upon it "as a fainting and fall of the soul, as well as of the body:" Contrahi animum et quasi labi putat atque decidere: and, what they perceived in some, that the soul maintained its force and vigour to the last gasp of life, they attributed to the variety of diseases, as it is observable in men at the last extremity, that some retain one sense, and some another; one the hearing, and another the smell, without any manner of defect or alteration; and that there is not so universal a deprivation that some parts do not remain vigorous and entire:—
              Non alio pacto, quam si, pes cum dolet gri,
         In nullo caput interea sit forte dolore.
              "So, often of the gout a man complains,
         Whose head is, at the same time, free from pains."
The sight of our judgment is, to truth, the same that the owl's eyes are to the splendour of the sun, says Aristotle. By what can we better convince him, than by so gross blindness in so apparent a light? For the contrary opinion of the immortality of the soul, which, Cicero says, was first introduced, according to the testimony of books at least, by Pherecydes
Syrius, in the time of King Tullus (though some attribute it to Thales, and others to others), 'tis the part of human science that is treated of with the greatest doubt and
reservation. The most positive dogmatists are fain, in this point principally, to fly to the refuge of the Academy. No one doubts what Aristotle has established upon this subject, no more than all the ancients in general, who handle it with a wavering belief: Rem gratissimam promittentium magis quam probantium: "A thing more acceptable in the promisors than the provers." He conceals himself in clouds of words of difficult, unintelligible sense, and has left to those of his sect as great a dispute about his judgment as about the matter itself.
Two things rendered this opinion plausible to them; one, that, without the immortality of souls, there would be nothing whereon to ground the vain hopes of glory, which is a consideration of wonderful
repute in the world; the other, that it is a very profitable impression, as Plato says, that vices, when they escape the discovery and cognizance of human justice, are still within the reach of the divine, which will pursue them even after the death of the guilty. Man is excessively solicitous to prolong his being, and has to the utmost of his power provided for it; there are monuments for the conservation of the body, and glory to preserve the name. He has employed all his wit and opinion to the rebuilding of himself, impatient of his fortune, and to prop himself by his inventions. The soul, by reason of its anxiety and impotence, being unable to stand by itself, wanders up and down to seek out consolations, hopes, and foundations, and alien circumstances, to which she adheres and fixes; and how light or fantastic soever invention delivers them to her, relies more willingly, and with greater assurance, upon them than upon herself. But 'tis wonderful to observe how the most constant and obstinate maintainers of this just and clear persuasion of the immortality of the soul fall short, and how weak their arguments are, when they go about to prove it by human reason: Somnia sunt non docentis, sed optantis: "They are dreams, not of the teacher, but wisher," says one of the ancients. By which testimony man may know that he owes the truth he himself finds out to fortune and accident; since that even then, when it is fallen into his hand, he has not wherewith to hold and maintain it, and that his reason has not force to make use of it. All things produced by our own meditation and understanding, whether true or false, are subject to incertitude and controversy. 'Twas for the chastisement of our pride, and for the instruction of our miserable condition and incapacity, that God wrought the perplexity and confusion of the tower of Babel. Whatever we undertake without his assistance, whatever we see without the lamp of his grace, is but vanity and folly. We corrupt the very essence of truth, which is uniform and constant, by our weakness, when fortune puts it into our possession. What course soever man takes of himself, God still permits it to come to the same confusion, the image whereof he so lively represents to us in the just chastisement wherewith he crushed Nimrod's presumption, and frustrated the vain attempt of his proud structure; Perdam sapientiam sapientium, et prudentiam prudentium reprobabo. "I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent." The diversity of idioms and tongues, with which he disturbed this work, what are they other than this infinite and perpetual alteration and discordance of opinions and reasons, which accompany and confound the vain building of human wisdom, and to very good effect too; for what would hold us, if we had but the least grain of knowledge? This saint has very much obliged me: Ipsa veritatis occultatio ant humili-tatis exercitatio est, aut elationis attritio "The very concealment of the truth is either an exercise of humility or a quelling of presumption." To what a pitch of presumption and insolence do we raise our blindness and folly!
But to return to my subject. It was truly very good reason that we should be beholden to God only, and to the favour of his grace, for the truth of so noble a belief, since from his sole bounty we receive the fruit of immortality, which consists in the enjoyment of eternal beatitude. Let us ingenuously confess that God alone has dictated it to us, and faith; for 'tis no lesson of nature and our own reason. And whoever will inquire into his own being and power, both within and without, without this divine privilege; whoever shall consider man impartially, and without flattery, will see in him no efficacy or faculty that relishes of any thing but death and earth. The more we give and confess to owe and render to God, we do it with the greater Christianity. That which this Stoic philosopher says he holds from the fortuitous consent of the popular voice; had it not been better that he had held it from God? Cum de animarum otemitate disserimus, non leve momentum apud nos habet consensus hominum aut timentium inferos, aut colentium. Utor hc public persuasione. "When we discourse of the immortality of souls, the consent of men that either fear or adore the infernal powers, is of no small advantage. I make use of this public persuasion." Now the weakness of human arguments upon this subject is particularly manifested by the fabulous circumstances they have superadded as consequences of this opinion, to find out of what condition this immortality of ours was. Let us omit the Stoics, (usuram nobis largiuntur tanquam cornicibus; diu mansuros aiunt animos; semper, negant. "They give us a long life, as also they do to crows; they say our soul shall continue long, but that it shall continue always they deny,") who give to souls a life after this, but finite. The most universal and received fancy, and that continues down to our times in various places, is that of which they make Pythagoras the author; not that he was the original inventor, but because it received a great deal of weight and repute by the authority of his approbation: "That souls, at their departure out of us, did nothing but shift from one body to another, from a lion to a horse, from a horse to a king, continually travelling at this rate from habitation to habitation;" and he himself said that he remembered he had been tha-lides, since that Euphorbus, afterwards Hermotimus, and, finally, from Pyrrhus was passed into Pythagoras; having a memory of himself of two hundred and six years. And some have added that these very souls sometimes mount up to heaven, and come down again:—
              O pater, aime aliquas ad colum hinc ire putandum est
         Sublimes animas, iterumque ad tarda reverti
          Corpora? Qu lucis miseris tam dira cupido?
                "O, father, is it then to be conceiv'd
         That any of these spirits, so sublime,
         Should hence to the celestial regions climb,
          And thence return to earth to reassume
          Their sluggish bodies rotting in a tomb?
          For wretched life whence does such fondness come?"
Origen makes them eternally to go and come from a better to a worse estate. The opinion that Varro mentions is that, after four hundred and forty years' revolution, they should be reunited to their first bodies; Chrysippus held that this would happen after a certain space of time unknown and unlimited. Plato, who professes to have embraced this belief from Pindar and the ancient poets, that we are to undergo infinite vicissitudes of mutation, for which the soul is prepared, having neither punishment nor reward in the other world but what is temporal, as its life here is but temporal, concludes that it has a singular knowledge of the affairs of heaven, of hell, of the world, through all which it has passed, repassed, and made stay in several voyages, are matters for her memory. Observe her progress elsewhere: "The soul that has lived well is reunited to the stars to which it is assigned; that which has lived ill removes into a woman, and if it do not there reform, is again removed into a beast of condition suitable to its vicious manners, and shall see no end of its punishments till it be returned to its natural constitution, and that it has, by the force of reason, purged itself from those gross, stupid, and elementary qualities it was polluted with." But I will not omit the objection the Epicureans make against this transmigration from one body to another; 'tis a pleasant one; they ask what expedient would be found out if the number of the dying should chance to be greater than that of those who are coming into the world. For the souls, turned out of their old habitation, would scuffle and crowd which should first get possession of their new lodging; and they further demand how they shall pass away their time, whilst waiting till new quarters are made ready for them? Or, on the contrary, if more animals should be born than die, the body, they say, would be but in an ill condition whilst waiting for a soul to be infused into it; and it would fall out that some bodies would die before they had been alive.
              Denique comrabia ad Veneris, partusque ferarum
         Esse animas prsto, deridiculum esse videtur;
         Et spectare immortales mortalia membra
         Innumero numro, certareque prproperanter
          Inter se, qu prima potissimaq insinueter.
              "Absurd to think that whilst wild beasts beget,
         Or bear their young, a thousand souls do wait,
         Expect the falling body, fight and strive
         Which first shall enter in and make it live."
Others have arrested the soul in the body of the deceased, with it to animate serpents, worms, and other beasts, which are said to be bred out of the corruption of our members, and even out of our ashes; others divide them into two parts, the one mortal, the other immortal; others make it corporeal, and nevertheless immortal. Some make it immortal, without
sense or knowledge. There are others, even among ourselves, who have believed that devils were made of the souls of the damned; as Plutarch thinks that gods were made of those that were saved; for there are few things which that author is so positive in as he is in this; maintaining elsewhere a doubtful and ambiguous way of expression. "We are told," says he, "and steadfastly should believe, that the souls of virtuous men, both according to nature and the divine justice, become saints, and from saints demigods, and from demigods, after they are perfectly, as in sacrifices of purgation, cleansed and purified, being delivered from all passibility and all mortality, they become, not by any civil decree, but in real truth, and according to all probability of reason, entire and perfect gods, in receiving a most happy and glorious end." But who desires to see him—him, who is yet the most sober and moderate of the whole gang of philosophers, lay about him with greater boldness, and relate his miracles upon this subject, I refer him to his treatise of the Moon, and of the Demon of Socrates, where he may, as evidently as in any other place whatever, satisfy himself that the mysteries of philosophy have many strange things in common with those of poetry; human understanding losing itself in attempting to sound and search all things to the bottom; even as we, tired and worn out with a long course of life, return to infancy and dotage. See here the fine and certain instructions which we extract from human knowledge concerning the soul.
Neither is there less temerity in what they teach us touching our corporal parts. Let us choose out one or two examples; for otherwise we should lose ourselves in this vast and troubled ocean of medical errors. Let us first know whether, at least, they agree about the matter whereof men produce one another; for as to their first production it is no wonder if, in a thing so high and so long since past, human understanding finds itself puzzled and perplexed. Archelaus, the physician, whose disciple and favourite Socrates was, according to Aristoxenus, said that both men and beasts were made of a lacteous slime, expressed by the heat of the earth; Pythagoras says that our seed is the foam or cream of our better blood; Plato, that it is the distillation of the marrow of the backbone; raising his argument from this, that that part is first sensible of being weary of the work; Alcmeon, that it is part of the substance of the brain, and that it is so, says he, is proved by the weakness of the eyes in those who are immoderate in that exercise; Democritus, that it is a substance extracted from the whole mass of the body; Epicurus, an extract from soul and body; Aristotle, an excrement drawn from the aliment of the blood, the last which is diffused over our members; others, that it is a blood concocted and digested by the heat of the genitals, which they judge, by reason that in excessive endeavours a man voids pure blood; wherein there seems to be more likelihood, could a man extract any appearance from so infinite a confusion. Now, to bring this seed to do its work, how many contrary opinions do they set on foot? Aristotle and Democritus are of opinion that women have no sperm, and that 'tis nothing but a sweat that they distil in the heat of pleasure and motion, and that contributes nothing at all to generation. Galen, on the contrary, and his followers, believe that without the concurrence of seeds there can be no generation. Here are the physicians, the philosophers, the lawyers, and divines, by the ears with our wives about the dispute, "For what term women carry their fruit?" and I, for my part, by the example of myself, stick with those that maintain a woman goes eleven months with child. The world is built upon this experience; there is no so commonplace a woman that cannot give her judgment in all these controversies; and yet we cannot agree.
Here is enough to verify that man is no better instructed in the knowledge of himself, in his corporal than in his spiritual part We have proposed himself to himself, and his reason to his reason, to see what she could say. I think I have sufficiently demonstrated how little she understands herself in herself; and who understands not himself in himself, in what can he? Quasi vero mensuram ullius rei possit agere, qui sui nesciat. "As if he could understand the measure of any other thing, that knows not his own." In earnest, Protagoras told us a pretty flam in making man the measure of all things, that never knew so much as his own; and if it be not he, his dignity will not permit that any other creature should have this advantage; now he being so contrary in himself, and one judgment so incessantly subverting another, this favourable proposition was but a mockery, which induced us necessarily to conclude the nullity of the compass and the compasser. When Thales reputes the knowledge of man very difficult for man to comprehend, he at the same time gives him to understand that all other knowledge is impossible.
You,* for whom I have taken the pains, contrary to my custom, to write so long a discourse, will not refuse to support your Sebond by the ordinary forms of arguing, wherewith you are every day instructed, and in this will exercise both your wit and learning; for this last fencing trick is never to be made use of but as an extreme remedy; 'tis a desperate thrust, wherein you are to quit your own arms to make your adversary abandon his; and a secret sleight, which must be very rarely, and then very reservedly, put in practice. 'Tis great temerity to lose yourself that you may destroy another; you must not die to be revenged, as Gobrias did; for, being closely grappled in combat with a lord of Persia, Darius coming in sword in hand, and fearing to strike lest he should kill Gobrias, he called out to him boldly to fall on,
         * The author, as we have already mentioned, is addressing
          Margaret de Valois.
though he should run them both through at once. I have known desperate weapons, and conditions of single combat, and wherein he that offered them put himself and his adversary upon terms of inevitable death to them both, censured for unjust. The Portuguese, in the Indian Sea, took certain Turks prisoners, who, impatient of their captivity, resolved, and it succeeded, by striking the nails of the ship one against another, and making a spark to fall into the barrels of powder that were set in the place where they were guarded, to blow up and reduce themselves, their masters, and the vessel to ashes. We here touch the out-plate and utmost limits of sciences, wherein the extremity is vicious, as in virtue. Keep yourselves in the common road; it is not good to be so subtle and cunning. Remember the Tuscan proverb:—
          Chi troppo s'assottiglia, si scavezza.
         "Who makes himself too wise, becomes a fool."
I advise you that, in all your opinions and discourses, as well as in your manners and all other things, you keep yourself moderate and temperate, and avoid novelty; I am an enemy to all extravagant ways. You, who by the authority of your grandeur, and yet more by the advantages which those qualities give you that are more your own, may with the twinkle of an eye command whom you please, ought to have given this charge to some one who made profession of letters, who might after a better manner have proved and illustrated these things to you. But here is as much as you will stand in need of.
Epicurus said of the laws, "That the worst were so necessary for us that without them men would devour one another." And Plato affirms, "That without laws we should live like beasts." Our wit is a wandering, dangerous, and temerarious utensil; it is hard to couple any order or measure to it; in those of our own time, who are endued with any rare excellence above others, or any extraordinary vivacity of understanding, we see them almost all lash out into licentiousness of opinions and manners; and 'tis almost a miracle to find one temperate and sociable. 'Tis all the reason in the world to limit human wit within the strictest limits imaginable; in study, as in all the rest, we ought to have its steps and advances numbered and fixed, and that the limits of its inquisition be bounded by art. It is curbed and fettered by religions, laws, customs, sciences, precepts, mortal and immortal penalties. And yet we see that it escapes from all these bonds by its volubility and dissolution; *tis a vain body which has nothing to lay hold on or to seize; a various and difform body, incapable of being either bound or held. In earnest, there are few souls so regular, firm, and well descended, as are to be trusted with their own conduct, and that can with moderation, and without temerity, sail in the liberty of their own judgments, beyond the common and received opinions; *tis more expedient to put them under pupilage. Wit is a dangerous weapon, even to the possessor, if he knows not how to use it discreetly; and there is not a beast to whom a headboard is more justly to be given, to keep his looks down and before his feet, and to hinder him from wandering here and there out of the tracks which custom and the laws have laid before him. And therefore it will be better for you to keep yourself in the beaten path, let it be what it will, than to fly out at a venture with this unbridled liberty. But if any of these new doctors will pretend to be ingenious in your presence, at the expense both of your soul and his own, to avoid this dangerous plague, which is every day laid in your way to infect you, this preservative, in the extremest necessity, will prevent the danger and hinder the contagion of this poison from offending either you or your company.
The liberty, then, and frolic forwardness of these ancient wits produced in philosophy and human sciences several sects of different opinions, every one undertaking to judge and make choice of what he would stick to and maintain. But now that men go all one way, Qui certis quibusdam destinatisque sententiis addicti et consecrati sunt, ut etiam, qu non probant, cogantur defendere, "Who are so tied and obliged to certain opinions that they are bound to defend even those they do not approve," and that we receive the arts by civil authority and decree, so that the schools have but one pattern, and a like circumscribed institution and discipline, we no more take notice what the coin weighs, and is really worth, but every one receives it according to the estimate that common approbation and use puts upon it; the alloy is not questioned, but how much it is current for. In like manner all things pass; we take physic as we do geometry; and tricks of hocus-pocus, enchantments, and love-spells, the correspondence of the souls of the dead, prognostications, domifications, and even this ridiculous pursuit of the philosophers' stone, all things pass for current pay, without any manner of scruple or contradiction. We need to know no more but that Mars' house is in the middle of the triangle of the hand, that of Venus in the thumb, and that of Mercury in the little finger; that when the table-line cuts the tubercle of the forefinger 'tis a sign of cruelty, that when it falls short of the middle finger, and that the natural median-line makes an angle with the vital in the same side, 'tis a sign of a miserable death; that if in a woman the natural line be open, and does not close the angle with the vital, this denotes that she shall not be very chaste. I leave you to judge whether a man qualified with such knowledge may not pass with reputation and esteem in all companies.
Theophrastus said that human knowledge, guided by the senses, might judge of the causes of things to a certain degree; but that being arrived to first and extreme causes, it must stop short and retire, by reason either of its own infirmity or the difficulty of things. 'Tis a moderate and gentle opinion, that our own understandings may conduct us to the knowledge of some things, and that it has certain measures of power, beyond which 'tis temerity to employ it; this opinion is plausible, and introduced by men of well composed minds, but 'tis hard to limit our wit, which is curious and greedy, and will no more stop at a thousand than at fifty paces; having experimentally found that, wherein one has failed, the other has hit, and that what was unknown to one age, the age following has explained; and that arts and sciences are not cast in a mould, but are formed and perfected by degrees, by often handling and polishing, as bears leisurely lick their cubs into form; what my force cannot discover, I do not yet desist to sound and to try; and by handling and kneading this new matter over and over again, by turning and heating it, I lay open to him that shall succeed me, a kind of facility to enjoy it more at his ease, and make it more maniable and supple for him,
               Ut hymettia sole
         Cera remollescit, tractataque poll ice multas
          Vertitur in facies, ipsoque fit utilis usu;
              "As wax doth softer in the sun become,
          And, tempered 'twixt the finger and the thumb,
         Will varions forms, and several shapes admit,
         Till for the present use 'tis rendered fit;"
as much will the second do for the third; which is the cause that the difficulty ought not to make me despair, and my own incapacity as little; for 'tis nothing but my own.
Man is as capable of all things as of some; and if he confesses, as Theophrastus says, the ignorance of first causes, let him at once surrender all the rest of his knowledge; if he is defective in foundation, his reason is aground; disputation and inquiry have no other aim nor stop but principles; if this aim do not stop his career, he runs into an infinite irresolution. Non potest aliud alio magis minusve comprehendi, quoniam omnium rerum una est dejinitio comprehendendi:
"One thing can no more or less be comprehended than another, because the definition of comprehending all things is the same." Now 'tis very likely that, if the soul knew any thing, it would in the first place know itself; and if it knew any thing out of itself, it would be its own body and case, before any thing else. If we see the gods of physic to this very day debating about our anatomy,
         Mulciber in Trojam, pro Troj stabat Apollo;
         "Vulcan against, for Troy Apollo stood;"
when are we to expect that they will be agreed? We are nearer neighbours to ourselves than whiteness to snow, or weight to stones. If man do not know himself, how should he know his force and functions? It is not, perhaps, that we have not some real knowledge in us; but 'tis by chance; forasmuch as errors are received into our soul by the same way, after the same manner, and by the same conduct, it has not wherewithal to distinguish them, nor wherewithal to choose the truth from falsehood.
The Academics admitted a certain partiality of judgment, and thought it too crude to say that it was not more likely to say that snow was white than black; and that we were no more assured of the motion of a stone, thrown by the hand, than of that of the eighth sphere. And to avoid this difficulty and strangeness, that can in truth hardly lodge in our imagination, though they concluded that we were in no sort capable of knowledge, and that truth is engulfed in so profound an abyss as is not to be penetrated by human sight; yet they acknowledged some things to be more likely than others, and received into their judgment this faculty, that they had a power to incline to one appearance more than another, they allowed him this propension, interdicting all resolution. The Pyrrhonian opinion is more bold, and also somewhat more likely; for this academic inclination, and this propension to one proposition rather than another, what is it other than a recognition of some more apparent truth in this than in that? If our understanding be capable of the form, lineaments, port, and face of truth, it might as well see it entire as by halves, springing and imperfect This appearance of likelihood, which makes them rather take the left hand than the right, augments it; multiply this ounce of verisimilitude that turns the scales to a hundred, to a thousand, ounces; it will happen in the end that the balance will itself end the controversy, and determine one choice, one entire truth. But why do they suffer themselves to incline to and be swayed by verisimilitude, if they know not the truth? How should they know the similitude of that whereof they do not know the essence? Either we can absolutely judge, or absolutely we cannot If our intellectual and sensible faculties are without foot or foundation, if they only pull and drive, 'tis to no purpose that we suffer our judgments to be carried away with any part of their operation, what appearance soever they may seem to present us; and the surest and most happy seat of our understanding would be that where it kept itself temperate, upright, and inflexible, without tottering, or without agitation: Inter visa, vera aut falsa, ad animi assensum, nihil interest: "Amongst things that seem, whether true or false, it signifies nothing to the assent of the mind." That things do not lodge in us in their form and essence, and do not there make their entry by their own force and authority, we sufficiently see; because, if it were so, we should receive them after the same manner; wine would have the same relish with the sick as with the healthful; he who has his finger chapt or benumbed would find the same hardness in wood or iron that he handles that another does; foreign subjects then surrender themselves to our mercy, and are seated in us as we please. Now if on our part we received any thing without alteration, if human grasp were capable and strong enough to seize on truth by our own means, these means being common to all men, this truth would be conveyed from hand to hand, from one to another; and at least there would be some one thing to be found in the world, amongst so many as there are, that would be believed by men with an universal consent; but this, that there is no one proposition that is not debated and controverted amongst us, or that may not be, makes it very manifest that our natural judgment does not very clearly discern what it embraces; for my judgment cannot make my companions approve of what it approves; which is a sign that I seized it by some other means than by a natural power that is in me and in all other men.
Let us lay aside this infinite confusion of opinions, which we see even amongst the philosophers themselves, and this perpetual and universal dispute about the knowledge of things; for this is truly presupposed, that men, I mean the most knowing, the best bom, and of the best parts, are not agreed about any one thing, not that heaven is over our heads; for they that doubt of every thing, do also doubt of that; and they who deny that we are able to comprehend any thing, say that we have not comprehended that the heaven is over our heads, and these two opinions are, without comparison, the stronger in number.
Besides this infinite diversity and division, through the trouble that our judgment gives ourselves, and the incertainty that every one is sensible of in himself, 'tis easy to perceive that its seat is very unstable and insecure. How variously do we judge of things?—How often do we alter our opinions? What I hold and believe to-day I hold and believe with my whole belief; all my instruments and engines seize and take hold of this opinion, and become responsible to me for it, at least as much as in them lies; I could not embrace nor conserve any truth with greater confidence and assurance than I do this; I am wholly and entirely possessed with it; but has it not befallen me, not only once, but a hundred, a thousand times, every day, to have embraced some other thing with all the same instruments, and in the same condition, which I have since judged to be false? A man must at least become wise at his own expense; if I have often found myself betrayed under this colour; if my touch proves commonly false, and my balance unequal and unjust, what assurance can I now have more than at other times? Is it not stupidity and madness to suffer myself to be so often deceived by my guide? Nevertheless, let fortune remove and shift us five hundred times from place to place, let her do nothing but incessantly empty and fill into our belief, as into a vessel, other and other opinions; yet still the present and the last is the certain and infallible one; for this we must abandon goods, honour, life, health, and all.
    Posterior.... res ilia reperta
         Perdit, et immutat sensus ad pristina qnqne.
         "The last things we find out are always best,
          And make us to disrelish all the rest."
Whatever is preached to us, and whatever we learn, we should still remember that it is man that gives and man that receives; 'tis a mortal hand that presents it to us; 'tis a mortal hand that accepts it The things that come to us from heaven have the sole right and authority of persuasion, the sole mark of truth; which also we do not see with our own eyes, nor receive by our own means; that great and sacred image could not abide in so wretched a habitation if God for this end did not prepare it, if God did not by his particular and supernatural grace and favour fortify and reform it. At least our frail and defective condition ought to make us behave ourselves with more reservedness and moderation in our innovations and changes; we ought to remember that, whatever we receive into the understanding, we often receive things that are false, and that it is by the same instruments that so often give themselves the lie and are so often deceived.
Now it is no wonder they should so often contradict themselves, being so easy to be turned and swayed by very light occurrences. It is certain that our apprehensions, our judgment, and the faculties of the soul in general, suffer according to the movements and alterations of the body, which alterations are continual. Are not our minds more sprightly, ou memories more prompt and quick, and our thoughts more lively, in health than in sickness? Do not joy and gayety make us receive subjects that present themselves to our souls quite otherwise than care and melancholy? Do you believe that Catullus's verses, or those of Sappho, please an old doting miser as they do a vigorous, amorous young man? Cleomenes, the son of Anexandridas, being sick, his friends reproached him that he had humours and whimsies that were new and unaccustomed; "I believe it," said he; "neither am I the same man now as when I am in health; being now another person, my opinions and fancies are also other than they were before." In our courts of justice this word is much in use, which is spoken of criminals when they find the judges in a good humour, gentle, and mild, Gaudeat de bon fortun ; "Let him rejoice in his good fortune;" for it is most certain that men's judgments are sometimes more prone to condemnation, more sharp and severe, and at others more facile, easy, and inclined to excuse; he that carries with him from his house the pain of the gout, jealousy, or theft by his man, having his whole soul possessed with anger, it is not to be doubted but that his judgment will lean this way. That venerable senate of the Areopagites used to hear and determine by night, for fear lest the sight of the parties might corrupt their justice. The very air itself, and the serenity of heaven, will cause some mutation in us, according to these verses in Cicero:—
              Tales sunt hominnm mentes, quali pater ipse
         Jupiter auctifer lustravit lampade terras.
              "Men's minds are influenc'd by th' external air,
         Dark or serene, as days are foul or fair."
'Tis not only fevers, debauches, and great accidents, that overthrow our judgments,—the least things in the world will do it; and we are not to doubt, though we may not be sensible of it, that if a continued fever can overwhelm the soul, a tertian will in some proportionate measure alter it; if an apoplexy can stupefy and totally extinguish the sight of our understanding, we are not to doubt but that a great cold will dazzle it; and consequently there is hardly one single hour in a man's whole life wherein our judgment is in its due place and right condition, our bodies being subject to so many continual mutations, and stuffed with so many several sorts of springs, that I believe the physicians, that it is hard but that there must be always some one or other out of order.
As to what remains, this malady does not very easily discover itself, unless it be extreme and past remedy; forasmuch as reason goes always lame, halting, and that too as well with falsehood as with truth; and therefore 'tis hard to discover her deviations and mistakes. I always call that appearance of meditation which every one forges in himself reason; this reason, of the condition of which there may be a hundred contrary ones about one and the same subject, is an instrument of lead and of wax, ductile, pliable, and accommodate to all sorts of biases, and to all measures; so that nothing remains but the art and skill how to turn and mould it. How uprightly soever a judge may mean, if he does not look well to himself, which few care to do, his inclination to friendship, to relationship, to beauty or revenge, and not only things of that weight, but even the fortuitous instinct that makes us favour one thing more than another, and that, without reason's permission, puts the choice upon us in two equal subjects, or some shadow of like vanity, may insensibly insinuate into his judgment the recommendation or disfavour of a cause, and make the balance dip.
I, that watch myself as narrowly as I can, and that have my eyes continually bent upon myself, like one that has no great business to do elsewhere,
              Quis sub Arcto Rex gelid metuatur or,
         Quid Tyridatem terreat, unice Securus,
              "I care not whom the northern clime reveres,
         Or what's the king that Tyridates fears,"
dare hardly tell the vanity and weakness I find in myself My foot is so unstable and unsteady, I find myself so apt to totter and reel, and my sight so disordered, that, fasting, I am quite another man than when full; if health and a fair day smile upon me, I am a very affable, good-natured man; if a corn trouble my toe, I am sullen, out of humour, and not to be seen. The same pace of a horse seems to me one while hard, and another easy; and the same way one while shorter, and another longer; and the same form one while more, another less agreeable: I am one while for doing every thing, and another for doing nothing at all; and what pleases me now would be a trouble to me at another time. I have a thousand senseless and casual actions within myself; either I am possessed by melancholy or swayed by choler; now by its own private authority sadness predominates in me, and by and by, I am as merry as a cricket. When I take a book in hand I have then discovered admirable graces in such and such passages, and such as have struck my soul; let me light upon them at another time, I may turn and toss, tumble and rattle the leaves to no purpose; 'tis then to me an inform and undiscovered mass. Even in my own writings I do not always find the air of my first fancy; I know not what I would have said, and am often put to it to correct and pump for a new sense, because I have lost the first that was better. I do nothing but go and come; my judgment does not always advance—it floats and roams:—
              Velut minuta magno
         Deprensa navis in mari vesaniente vento.
             "Like a small bark that's tost upon the main.
         When winds tempestuous heave the liquid plain."
Very often, as I am apt to do, having for exercise taken to maintain an opinion contrary to my own, my mind, bending and applying itself that way, does so engage me that way that I no more discern the reason of my former belief, and forsake it I am, as it were, misled by the side to which I incline, be it what it will, and carried away by my own weight. Every one almost would say the same of himself, if he considered himself as I do. Preachers very well know that the emotions which steal upon them in speaking animate them towards belief; and that in passion we are more warm in the defence of our proposition, take ourselves a deeper impression of it, and embrace it with greater vehemence and approbation than we do in our colder and more temperate state. You only give your counsel a simple brief of your cause; he returns you a dubious and uncertain answer, by which you find him indifferent which side he takes. Have you feed him well that he may relish it the better, does he begin to be really concerned, and do you find him interested and zealous in your quarrel? his reason and learning will by degrees grow hot in your cause; behold an apparent and undoubted truth presents itself to his understanding; he discovers a new light in your business, and does in good earnest believe and persuade himself that it is so. Nay, I do not know whether the ardour that springs from spite and obstinacy, against the power and violence of the magistrate and danger, or the interest of reputation, may not have made some men, even at the stake, maintain the opinion for which, at liberty, and amongst friends, they would not have burned a finger. The shocks and jostles that the soul receives from the body's passions can do much in it, but its own can do a great deal more; to which it is so subjected that perhaps it may be made good that it has no other pace and motion but from the breath of those winds, without the agitation of which it would be becalmed and without action, like a ship in the middle of the sea, to which the winds hare denied their assistance. And whoever should maintain this, siding with the Peripatetics, would do us no great wrong, seeing it is very well known that the greatest and most noble actions of the soul proceed from, and stand in need of, this impulse of the passions. Valour, they say, cannot be perfect without the assistance of anger; Semper Ajax fortis, fortissimus tamen in furore; "Ajax was always brave, but most when in a fury:" neither do we encounter the wicked and the enemy vigorously enough if we be not angry; nay, the advocate, it is said, is to inspire the judges with indignation, to obtain justice.
Irregular desires moved Themistocles, and Demosthenes, and have pushed on the philosophers to watching, fasting, and pilgrimages; and lead us to honour, learning, and health, which are all very useful ends. And this meanness of soul, in suffering anxiety and trouble, serves to breed remorse and repentance in the conscience, and to make us sensible of the scourge of God, and politic correction for the chastisement of our offences; compassion is a spur to clemency; and the prudence of preserving and governing ourselves is roused by our fear; and how many brave actions by ambition! how many by presumption! In short, there is no brave and spiritual virtue without some irregular agitation. May not this be one of the reasons that moved the Epicureans to discharge God from all care and solicitude of our affairs; because even the effects of his goodness could not be exercised in our behalf without disturbing its repose, by the means of passions which are so many spurs and instruments pricking on the soul to virtuous actions; or have they thought otherwise, and taken them for tempests, that shamefully hurry the soul from her tranquillity? Ut maris tranquillitas intettigitur, null, ne minima quidem, aura fluctus commovente: Sic animi quietus et placatus status cemitur, quum perturbatis nulla est, qua moveri queat.. "As it is understood to be a calm sea when there is not the least breath of air stirring; so the state of the soul is discerned to be quiet and appeased when there is no perturbation to move it."
What varieties of sense and reason, what contrariety of imaginations does the diversity of our passions inspire us with! What assurance then can we take of a thing so mobile and unstable, subject by its condition to the dominion of trouble, and never going other than a forced and borrowed pace? If our judgment be in the power even of sickness and perturbation; if it be from folly and rashness that it is to receive the impression of things, what security can we expect from it?
Is it not a great boldness in philosophy to believe that men perform the greatest actions, and nearest approaching the Divinity, when they are furious, mad, and beside themselves? We better ourselves by the privation of our reason, and drilling it. The two natural ways to enter into the cabinet of the gods, and there to foresee the course of destiny, are fury and sleep.
This is pleasant to consider; by the dislocation that passions cause in our reason, we become virtuous; by its extirpation, occasioned by madness or the image of death, we become diviners and prophets. I was never so willing to believe philosophy in any thing as this. 'Tis a pure enthusiasm wherewith sacred truth has inspired the spirit of philosophy, which makes it confess, contrary to its own proposition, that the most calm, composed, and healthful estate ef the soul that philosophy can seat it in is not its best condition; our waking is more a sleep than sleep itself, our wisdom less wise than folly; our dreams are worth more than our meditation; and the worst place we can take is in ourselves. But does not philosophy think that we are wise enough to consider that the voice that the spirit utters, when dismissed from man, so clear-sighted, so great, and so perfect, and whilst it is in man so terrestrial, ignorant, and dark, is a voice proceeding from the spirit of dark, terrestrial, and ignorant man, and for this reason a voice not to be trusted and believed?
I, being of a soft and heavy complexion, have no great experience of these vehement agitations, the most of which surprise the soul on a sudden, without giving it leisure to recollect itself. But the passion that is said to be produced by idleness in the hearts of young men, though it proceed leisurely, and with a measured progress, does evidently manifest, to those who have tried to oppose its power, the violence our judgment suffers in this alteration and conversion. I have formerly attempted to withstand and repel it; for I am so far from being one of those that invite vices, that I do not so much as follow them, if they do not haul me along; I perceived it to spring, grow, and increase, in spite of my resistance; and at last, living and seeing as I was, wholly to seize and possess me. So that, as if rousing from drunkenness, the images of things began to appear to me quite other than they used to be; I evidently saw the advantages of the object I desired, grow, and increase, and expand by the influence of my imagination, and the difficulties of my attempt to grow more easy and smooth; and both my reason and conscience to be laid aside; but this fire being evaporated in an instant, as from a flash of lightning, I was aware that my soul resumed another kind of sight, another state, and another judgment; the difficulties of retreat appeared great and invincible, and the same things had quite another taste and aspect than the heat of desire had presented them to me; which of the two most truly? Pyrrho knows nothing about it. We are never without sickness. Agues have their hot and cold fits; from the effects of an ardent passion we fall again to shivering; as much as I had advanced, so much I retired:—
              Qualis ubi alterno procurrens gurgite pontus,
         Nunc ruit ad terras, scopulosque superjacit undam
         Spumeus, extremamque sinu perfundit arenam;
         Nunc rapidus retro, atque stu revoluta resorbens
         Saxa, fugit, littusque vado labente relihquit.
              "So swelling surges, with a thundering roar,
         Driv'n on each others' backs, insult the shore,
         Bound o'er the rocks, encroach upon the land,
         And far upon the beach heave up the sand;
         Then backward rapidly they take their way,
         Repulsed from upper ground, and seek the sea."
Now, from the knowledge of this volubility of mine, I have accidentally begot in myself a certain constancy of opinions, and have not much altered those that were first and natural in me; for what appearance soever there may be in novelty, I do not easily change, for fear of losing by the bargain; and, as I am not capable of choosing, I take other men's choice, and keep myself in the station wherein God has placed me; I could not otherwise keep myself from perpetual rolling. Thus have I, by the grace of God, preserved myself entire, without anxiety or trouble of conscience, in the ancient faith of our religion, amidst so many sects and divisions as our age has produced. The writings of the ancients, the best authors I mean, being full and solid, tempt and carry me which way almost they will; he that I am reading seems always to have the most force; and I find that every one in his turn is in the right, though they contradict one another. The facility that good wits have of rendering every thing likely they would recommend, and that nothing is so strange to which they do not undertake to give colour enough to deceive such simplicity as mine, this evidently shows the weakness of their testimony. The heavens and the stars have been three thousand years in motion; all the world were of that belief till Cleanthes the Samian, or, according to Theophrastus, Nicetas of Syracuse, took it into his head to maintain that it was the earth that moved, turning about its axis by the oblique circle of the zodiac. And Copernicus has in our times so grounded this doctrine that it very regularly serves to all astrological consequences; what use can we make of this, if not that we ought not much to care which is the true opinion? And who knows but that a third, a thousand years hence, may over throw the two former.
              Sic volvenda tas commutt tempora rerum:
         Quod fuit in pretio, fit nullo denique honore;
         Porro aliud succedit, et e contemptibus exit,
         Inque dies magis appetitur, floretque repertum
         Laudibus, et miro est mortales inter honore.
               "Thus ev'ry thing is changed in course of time,
          What now is valued passes soon its prime;
         To which some other thing, despised before,
          Succeeds, and grows in vogue still more and more;
         And once received, too faint all praises seem,
         So highly it is rais'd in men's esteem."
So that when any new doctrine presents itself to us, we have great reason to mistrust, and to consider that, before that was set on foot, the contrary had been generally received; and that, as that has been overthrown by this, a third invention, in time to come, may start up which may damn the second. Before the principles that Aristotle introduced were in reputation, other principles contented human reason, as these satisfy us now. What patent have these people, what particular privilege, that the career of our invention must be stopped by them, and that the possession of our whole future belief should belong to them? They are no more exempt from being thrust out of doors than their predecessors were. When any one presses me with a new argument, I ought to believe that what I cannot answer another can; for to believe all likelihoods that a man cannot confute is great simplicity; it would by that means come to pass that all the vulgar (and we are all of the vulgar) would have their belief as tumable as a weathercock; for their souls, being so easy to be imposed upon, and without any resistance, must of force incessantly receive other and other impressions, the last still effacing all footsteps of that which went before. He that finds himself weak ought to answer, according to practice, that he will speak with his counsel, or refer himself to the wiser, from whom he received his instruction. How long is it that physic has been practised in the world? 'Tis said that a new comer, called Paracelsus, changes and overthrows the whole order of ancient rules, and maintains that, till now, it has been of no other use but to kill men. I believe he will easily make this good, but I do not think it were wisdom to venture my life in making trial of his own experience. We are not to believe every one, says the precept, because every one can say all things. A man of this profession of novelties and physical reformations not long since told me that all the ancients were notoriously mistaken in the nature and motions of the winds, which he would evidently demonstrate to me if I would give him the hearing. After I had with some patience heard his arguments, which were all full of likelihood of truth: "What, then," said I, "did those that sailed according to Theophrastus make way westward, when they had the prow towards the east? did they go sideward or backward?" "That's fortune," answered he, "but so it is that they were mistaken." I replied that I had rather follow effects than reason. Now these are things that often interfere with one another, and I have been told that in geometry (which pretends to have gained the highest point of certainty of all science) there are inevitable demonstrations found which subvert the truth of all experience; as Jacques Pelletier told me, at my own house, that he had found out two lines stretching themselves one towards the other to meet, which nevertheless he affirmed, though extended to infinity, could never arrive to touch one another. And the Pyrrhonians make no other use of their arguments and their reason than to ruin the appearance of experience; and 'tis a wonder how far the suppleness of our reason has followed them in this design of controverting the evidence of effects; for they affirm that we do not move, that we do not speak, and that there is neither weight nor heat, with the same force of argument that we affirm the most likely things. Ptolemy, who was a great man, had established the bounds of this world of ours; all the ancient philosophers thought they had the measure of it, excepting some remote isles that might escape their knowledge; it had been Pyrrhonism, a thousand years ago, to doubt the science of cosmography, and the opinions that every one had received from it; it was heresy to admit the antipodes; and behold, in this age of ours, there is an infinite extent of terra firma discovered, not an island or single country, but a division of the world, nearly equal in greatness to that we knew before. The geographers of our time stick not to assure us that now all is found; all is seen:—
         Nam quod adest prosto, placet, et pollere videtur;
         "What's present pleases, and appears the best;"
but it remains to be seen whether, as Ptolemy was therein formerly deceived upon the foundation of his reason, it were not very foolish to trust now in what these people say? And whether it is not more likely that this great body, which we call the world, is not quite another thing than what we imagine.
Plato says that it changes countenance in all respects; that the heavens, the stars, and the sun, have all of them sometimes motions retrograde to what we see, changing east into west The Egyptian priests told Herodotus that from the time of their first king, which was eleven thousand and odd years since (and they showed him the effigies of all their kings in statues taken from the life), the sun had four times altered his course; that the sea and the earth did alternately change into one another; that the beginning of the world is undetermined; Aristotle and Cicero both say the same; and some amongst us are of opinion that it has been from all eternity, is mortal, and renewed again by several vicissitudes; calling Solomon and Isaiah to witness; to evade those oppositions, that God has once been a creator without a creature; that he has had nothing to do, that he got rid of that idleness by putting his hand to this work; and that consequently he is subject to change. In the most famous of the Greek schools the world is taken for a god, made by another god greater than he, and composed of a body, and a soul fixed in his centre, and dilating himself by musical numbers to his circumference; divine, infinitely happy, and infinitely great, infinitely wise and eternal; in him are other gods, the sea, the earth, the stars, who entertain one another with an harmonious and perpetual agitation and divine dance, sometimes meeting, sometimes retiring from one another; concealing and discovering themselves; changing their order, one while before, and another behind. Heraclitus was positive that the world was composed of fire; and, by the order of destiny, was one day to be enflamed and consumed in fire, and then to be again renewed. And Apuleius says of men: Sigillatim mortales, cunctim perpetui. "That they are mortal in particular, and immortal in general." Alexander writ to his mother the narration of an Egyptian priest, drawn from their monuments, testifying the antiquity of that nation to be infinite, and comprising the birth and progress of other countries. Cicero and Diodorus say that in their time the Chaldees kept a register of four hundred thousand and odd years, Aristotle, Pliny, and others, that Zoroaster flourished six thousand years before Plato's time. Plato says that they of the city of Sais have records in writing of eight thousand years; and that the city of Athens was built a thousand years before the said city of Sais; Epicurus, that at the same time things are here in the posture we see, they are alike and in the same manner in several other worlds; which he would have delivered with greater assurance, had he seen the similitude and concordance of the new discovered world of the West Indies with ours, present and past, in so many strange examples.
In earnest, considering what is come to our knowledge from the course of this terrestrial polity, I have often wondered to see in so vast a distance of places and times such a concurrence of so great a number of popular and wild opinions, and of savage manners and beliefs, which by no means seem to proceed from our natural meditation. The human mind is a great worker of miracles! But this relation has, moreover, I know not what of extraordinary in it; 'tis found to be in names, also, and a thousand other things; for they found nations there (that, for aught we know, never heard of us) where circumcision was in use; where there were states and great civil governments maintained by women only, without men; where our fasts and Lent were represented, to which was added abstinence from women; where our crosses were several ways in repute; here they were made use of to honour and adorn their sepultures, there they were erected, and particularly that of St Andrew, to protect themselves from nocturnal visions, and to lay upon the cradles of infants against enchantments; elsewhere there was found one of wood, of very great height, which was adored for the god of rain, and this a great way in the interior; there was seen an express image of our penance priests, the use of mitres, the celibacy of priests, the art of divination by the entrails of sacrificed beasts, abstinence from all sorts of flesh and fish in their diet, the manner of priests officiating in a particular and not a vulgar language; and this fancy, that the first god was driven away by a second, his younger brother; that they were created with all sorts of necessaries and conveniences, which have since been in a degree taken from them for their sins, their territory changed, and their natural condition made worse; that they were of old overwhelmed by the inundation of water from heaven; that but few families escaped, who retired into caves on high mountains, the mouths of which they stopped so that the waters could not get in, having shut up, together with themselves, several sorts of animals; that when they perceived the rain to cease they sent out dogs, which returning clean and wet, they judged that the water was not much abated; afterwards sending out others, and seeing them return dirty, they issued out to repeople the world, which they found only full of serpents. In one place we met with the belief of a day of judgment; insomuch that they were marvellously displeased at the Spaniards for discomposing the bones of the dead, in rifling the sepultures for riches, saying that those bones so disordered could not easily rejoin; the traffic by exchange, and no other way; fairs and markets for that end; dwarfs and deformed people for the ornament of the tables of princes; the use of falconry, according to the nature of their hawks; tyrannical subsidies; nicety in gardens; dancing, tumbling tricks, music of instruments, coats of arms, tennis-courts, dice and lotteries, wherein they are sometimes so eager and hot as to stake themselves and their liberty; physic, no otherwise than by charms; the way of writing in cypher; the belief of only one first man, the father of all nations; the adoration of one God, who formerly lived a man in perfect virginity, fasting, and penitence, preaching the laws of nature, and the ceremonies of religion, and that vanished from the world without a natural death; the theory of giants; the custom of making themselves drunk with their beverages, and drinking to the utmost; religious ornaments painted with bones and dead men's skulls; surplices, holy water sprinkled; wives and servants, who present themselves with emulation, burnt and interred with the dead husband or master; a law by which the eldest succeeds to all the estate, no part being left for the younger but obedience; the custom that, upon promotion to a certain office of great authority, the promoted is to take upon him a new name, and to leave that which he had before; another to strew lime upon the knee of the new-born child, with these words:
"From dust thou earnest, and to dust thou must return;" as also the art of augury. The vain shadows of our religion, which are observable in some of these examples, are testimonies of its dignity and divinity. It is not only in some sort insinuated into all the infidel nations on this side of the world, by a certain imitation, but in these barbarians also, as by a common and supernatural inspiration; for we find there the belief of purgatory, but of a new form; that which we give to the fire they give to the cold, and imagine that souls are purged and punished by the rigour of an excessive coldness. And this example puts me in mind of another pleasant diversity; for as there were there some people who delighted to unmuffle the ends of their instruments, and clipped off the prepuce after the Mahometan and Jewish manner; there were others who made so great conscience of laying it bare, that they carefully pursed it up with little strings to keep that end from peeping into the air; and of this other diversity, that whereas we, to honour kings and festivals, put on the best clothes we have; in some regions, to express their disparity and submission to their king, his subjects present themselves before him in their vilest habits, and entering his palace, throw some old tattered garment over their better apparel, to the end that all the lustre and ornament may solely be in him. But to proceed:—
If nature enclose within the bounds of her ordinary progress the beliefs, judgments, and opinions of men, as well as all other things; if they have their revolution, their season, their birth and death, like cabbage plants; if the heavens agitate and rule them at their pleasure, what magisterial and permanent authority do we attribute to them? If we experimentally see that the form of our beings depends upon the air, upon the climate, and upon the soil, where we are bom, and not only the colour, the stature, the complexion, and the countenances, but moreover the very faculties of the soul itself: Et plaga codi non solum ad robor corporum, sed etiam anirum facit: "The climate is of great efficacy, not only to the strength of bodies, but to that of souls also," says Vegetius; and that the goddess who founded the city of Athens chose to situate it in a temperature of air fit to make men prudent, as the Egyptian priests told Solon: Athenis tenue colum; ex quo etiam acutiores putantur Attici; crassum Thebis; itaque pingues Thebani, et valentes: "The air of Athens is subtle and thin; whence also the Athenians are reputed to be more acute; and at Thebes more gross and thick; wherefore the Thebans are looked upon as more heavy-witted and more strong." In such sort that, as fruits and animals grow different, men are also more or less warlike, just, temperate, and docile; here given to wine, elsewhere to theft or uncleanness; here inclined to superstition, elsewhere to unbelief; in one place to liberty, in another to servitude; capable of one science or of one art, dull or ingenious, obedient or mutinous, good or bad, according as the place where they are seated inclines them; and assume a new complexion, if removed, like trees, which was the reason why Cyrus would not grant the Persians leave to quit their rough and craggy country to remove to another more pleasant and even, saying, that fertile and tender soils made men effeminate and soft. If we see one while one art and one belief flourish, and another while another, through some celestial influence; such an age to produce such natures, and to incline mankind to such and such a propension, the spirits of men one while gay and another gray, like our fields, what becomes of all those fine prerogatives we so soothe ourselves withal? Seeing that a wise man may be mistaken, and a hundred men and a hundred nations, nay, that even human nature itself, as we believe, is many ages wide in one thing or another, what assurances have we that she should cease to be mistaken, or that in this very age of ours she is not so?
Methinks that amongst other testimonies of our imbecility, this ought not to be forgotten, that man cannot, by his own wish and desire, find out what he wants; that not in fruition only, but in imagination and wish, we cannot agree about what we would have to satisfy and content us. Let us leave it to our own thought to cut out and make up at pleasure; it cannot so much as covet what is proper for it, and satisfy itself:—
              Quid enim ratione timemus,
          Aut cupimus? Quid tain dextro pede concipis, ut te
         Conatus non poniteat, votique peracti?
              "For what, with reason, do we speak or shun,
         What plan, how happily soe'r begun,
         That, when achieved, we do not wish undone?"
And therefore it was that Socrates only begged of the gods that they would give him what they knew to be best for him; and the private and public prayer of the Lacedemonians was simply for good and useful things, referring the choice and election of them to the discretion of the Supreme Power:—
              Conjugium petimus, partumqu uxoris; at illis
         Notum, qui pueri, qualisque futura sit uxor:
              "We ask for Wives and children; they above
         Know only, when we have them, what they'll prove;"
and Christians pray to God, "Thy will be done," that they may not fall into the inconvenience the poet feigns of King Midas. He prayed to the gods that all he touched might be turned into gold; his prayer was heard; his wine was gold, his bread was gold, the feathers of his bed, his shirt, his clothes, were all gold, so that he found himself overwhelmed with the fruition of his desire, and endowed with an intolerable benefit, and was fain to unpray his prayers.
              Attonitus novitate mali, divesque, miserque,
         Effugere optt opes, et, qu modo voverat, odit.
              "Astonished at the strangeness of the ill,
         To be so rich, yet miserable still;
         He wishes now he could his wealth evade,
         And hates the thing for which before he prayed."
To instance in myself: being young, I desired of fortune, above all things, the order of St. Michael, which was then the utmost distinction of honour amongst the French nobles, and very rare. She pleasantly gratified my longing; instead of raising me, and lifting me up from my own place to attain to it, she was much kinder to me; for she brought it so low, and made it so cheap, that it stooped down to my shoulders, and lower. Cleobis and Bito, Trophonius and Agamedes, having requested, the first of their goddess, the last of their god, a recompense worthy of their piety, had death for a reward; so differing from ours are heavenly opinions concerning what is fit for us. God might grant us riches, honours, life, and even health, to our own hurt; for every thing that is pleasing to us is not always good for us. If he sends us death, or an increase of sickness, instead of a cure, Vvrga tua et baculus, tuus ipsa me consolata sunt. "Thy rod and thy staff have comforted me," he does it by the rule of his providence, which better and more certainly discerns what is proper for us than we can do; and we ought to take it in good part, as coming from a wise and most friendly hand
              Si consilium vis:
         Permittee ipsis expendere numinibus, quid
         Conveniat nobis, rebusque sit utile nostris...
         Carior est illis homo quam sibi;
              "If thou'lt be rul'd, to th' gods thy fortunes trust,
         Their thoughts are wise, their dispensations just.
         What best may profit or delight they know,
         And real good, for fancied bliss, bestow;
         With eyes of pity, they our frailties scan,
         More dear to them, than to himself, is man;"
for to require of him honours and commands, is to require 'that he may throw you into a battle, set you upon a cast at dice, or something of the like nature, whereof the issue is to you unknown, and the fruit doubtful.
There is no dispute so sharp and violent amongst the philosophers, as about the question of the sovereign good of man; whence, by the calculation of Varro, rose two hundred and eighty-eight sects. Qui autem de summo bono dissentit, de tot philosophies ratione disputt. "For whoever enters into controversy concerning the supreme good, disputes upon the whole matter of philosophy."
              Trs mihi conviv prope dissentire videntur,
         Poscentes vario mul turn divers a palato;
         Quid dem? Quid non dem? Renuis tu quod jubet alter;
         Quod petis, id sane est invisum acidumque duobus;
              "I have three guests invited to a feast,
         And all appear to have a different taste;
         What shall I give them? What shall I refuse?
         What one dislikes the other two shall choose;
         And e'en the very dish you like the best
         Is acid or insipid to the rest:"
nature should say the same to their contests and debates. Some say that our well-being lies in virtue, others in pleasure, others in submitting to nature; one in knowledge, another in being exempt from pain, another in not suffering ourselves to be carried away by appearances; and this fancy seems to have some relation to that of the ancient Pythagoras,
              Nil admirari, prope res est una, Numici,
         Solaque, qu possit facere et servare beatum:
              "Not to admire's the only art I know
         Can make us happy, and can keep us so;"
which is the drift of the Pyrrhonian sect; Aristotle attributes the admiring nothing to magnanimity; and Arcesilaus said, that constancy and a right inflexible state of judgment were the true good, and consent and application the sin and evil; and there, it is true, in being thus positive, and establishing a certain axiom, he quitted Pyrrhonism; for the' Pyrrhonians, when they say that ataraxy, which is the immobility of judgment, is the sovereign good, do not design to speak it affirmatively; but that the same motion of soul which makes them avoid precipices, and take shelter from the cold, presents them such a fancy, and makes them refuse another.
How much do I wish that, whilst I live, either some other or Justus Lipsius, the most learned man now living, of a most polite and judicious understanding, truly resembling my Turnebus, had both the will and health, and leisure sufficient, carefully and conscientiously to collect into a register, according to their divisions and classes, as many as are to be found, of the opinions of the ancient philosophers, about the subject of our being and manners, their controversies, the succession and reputation of sects; with the application of the lives of the authors and their disciples to their own precepts, in memorable accidents, and upon exemplary occasions. What a beautiful and useful work that would be!
As to what remains, if it be from ourselves that we are to extract the rules of our manners, upon what a confusion do we throw ourselves! For that which our reason advises us to, as the most likely, is generally for every one to obey the laws of his country, as was the advice of Socrates, inspired, as he says, by a divine counsel; and by that, what would it say, but that our duty has no other rule but what is accidental? Truth ought to have a like and universal visage; if man could know equity and justice that had a body and a true being, he would not fetter it to the conditions of this country or that; it would not be from the whimsies of the Persians or Indians that virtue would receive its form. There is nothing more subject to perpetual agitation than the laws; since I was born, I have known those of the English, our neighbours, three or four times changed, not only in matters of civil regimen, which is the only thing wherein constancy may be dispensed with, but in the most important subject that can be, namely, religion, at which I am the more troubled and ashamed, because it is a nation with whom those of my province have formerly had so great familiarity and acquaintance, that there yet remains in my house some footsteps of our ancient kindred; and here with us at home, I have known a thing that was capital to become lawful; and we that hold of others are likewise, according to the chance of war, in a possibility of being one day found guilty of high-treason, both divine and human, should the justice of our arms fall into the power of injustice, and, after a few years' possession, take a quite contrary being. How could that ancient god more clearly accuse the ignorance of human knowledge concerning the divine Being, and give men to understand that their religion was but a thing of their own contrivance, useful as a bond to their society, than declaring as he did to those who came to his tripod for instruction, that every one's true worship was that which he found in use in the place where he chanced to be? O God, what infinite obligation have we to the bounty of our sovereign Creator, for having disabused our belief from these wandering and arbitrary devotions, and for having seated it upon the eternal foundation of his holy word? But what then will philosophers say to us in this necessity? "That we follow the laws of our country;" that is to say, this floating sea of the opinions of a republic, or a prince, that will paint out justice for me in as many colours, and form it as many ways as there are changes of passions in themselves; I cannot suffer my judgment to be so flexible. What kind of virtue is that which I see one day in repute, and that to-morrow shall be in none, and which the crossing of a river makes a crime? What sort of truth can that be, which these mountains limit to us, and make a lie to all the world beyond them?
But they are pleasant, when, to give some certainty to the laws, they say, that there are some firm, perpetual, and immovable, which they call natural, that are imprinted in human kind by the condition of their own proper being; and of these some reckon three, some four, some more, some less; a sign that it is a mark as doubtful as the rest Now they are so unfortunate, (for what can I call it else but misfortune that, of so infinite a number of laws, there should not be found one at least that fortune and the temerity of chance has suffered to be universally received by the consent of all nations?) they are, I say, so miserable, that of these three or four select laws, there is not so much as one that is not contradicted and disowned, not only by one nation, but by many. Now, the only likely sign, by which they can argue or infer some natural laws, is the universality of approbation; for we should, without doubt, follow with a common consent that which nature had truly ordained us; and not only every nation, but every private man, would resent the force and violence that any one should do him who would tempt him to any thing contrary to this law. But let them produce me one of this condition. Proctagoras and Aristo gave no other essence to the justice of laws than the authority and opinion of the legislator; and that, these laid aside, the honest and the good lost their qualities, and remained empty names of indifferent things; Thrasymachus, in Plato, is of opinion that there is no other right but the convenience of the superior. There is not any thing wherein the world is so various as in laws and customs; such a thing is abominable here which is elsewhere in esteem, as in Lacedemon dexterity in stealing; marriages between near relations, are capitally interdicted amongst us; they are elsewhere in honour:—
              Gentes esse ferantur,
         In quibus et nato genitrix, et nata parenti
         Jungitur, et pietas geminato crescit amore;
              "There are some nations in the world, 'tis said,
         Where fathers daughters, sons their mothers wed;
         And their affections thereby higher rise,
         More firm and constant by these double ties;"
the murder of infants, the murder of fathers, the community of wives, traffic of robberies, license in all sorts of voluptuousness; in short, there is nothing so extreme that is not allowed by the custom of some nation or other.
It is credible that there are natural laws for us, as we see them in other creatures; but they are lost in us, this fine human reason everywhere so insinuating itself to govern and command, as to shuffle and confound the face of things, according to its own vanity and inconstancy: Nihil itaque amplius nostrum est; quod nostrum dico, artis est: "Therefore nothing is any more truly ours; what we call ours belongs to art." Subjects have divers lustres and divers considerations, and thence the diversity of opinions principally proceeds; one nation considers a subject in one aspect, and stops there: another takes it in a different point of view.
There is nothing of greater horror to be imagined than for a man to eat his father; and yet the people, whose ancient custom it was so to do, looked upon it as a testimony of piety and affection, seeking thereby to give their progenitors the most worthy and honourable sepulture; storing up in themselves, and as it were in their own marrow, the bodies and relics of their fathers; and in some sort regenerating them by transmutation into their living flesh, by means of nourishment and digestion. It is easy to consider what a cruelty and abomination it must have appeared to men possessed and imbued with this snperstition to throw their fathers' remains to the corruption of the earth, and the nourishment of beasts and worms.
Lycurgus considered in theft the vivacity, diligence, boldness, and dexterity of purloining any thing from our neighbours, and the benefit that redounded to the public that every one should look more narrowly to the conservation of what was his own; and believed that, from this double institution of assaulting and defending, advantage was to be made for military discipline (which was the principal science and virtue to which he would inure that nation), of greater consideration than the disorder and injustice of taking another man's goods.
Dionysius, the tyrant, offered Plato a robe of the Persian fashion, long, damasked, and perfumed; Plato refused it, saying, "That being born a man, he would not willingly dress himself in women's clothes;" but Aristippus accepted it with this answer, "That no accoutrement could corrupt a chaste courage." His friends reproaching him with meanness of spirit, for laying it no more to heart that Dionysius had spit in his face, "Fishermen," said he, "suffer themselves to be drenched with the waves of the sea from head to foot to catch a gudgeon." Diogenes was washing cabbages, and seeing him pass by, "If thou couldst live on cabbage," said he, "thou wouldst not fawn upon a tyrant;" to whom Aristippus replied, "And if thou knewest how to live amongst men, thou wouldst not be washing cabbages." Thus reason finds appearances for divers effects; 'tis a pot with two ears that a man may take by the right or left:—
              Bellum, o terra hospita, portas:
         Bello armantur eqni; bellum hc armenta minantur.
         Sed tamen idem olim curru succedere sueti
         Quadrupedes, et frena jugo concordia ferre;
         Spes est pacis.
         "War, war is threatened from this foreign ground
               (My father cried), where warlike steeds are found.
         Yet, since reclaimed, to chariots they submit,
         And bend to stubborn yokes, and champ the bit,
         Peace may succeed to war."
Solon, being lectured by his friends not to shed powerless and unprofitable tears for the death of his son, "It is for that reason that I the more justly shed them," said he, "because they are powerless and unprofitable." Socrates's wife exasperated her grief by this circumstance: "Oh, how unjustly do these wicked judges put him to death!" "Why," replied he, "hadst thou rather they should execute me justly?" We have our ears bored; the Greeks looked upon that as a mark of slavery. We retire in private to enjoy our wives; the Indians do it in public. The Scythians immolated strangers in their temples; elsewhere temples were a refuge:—
               Inde furor vulgi, quod numina vicinorum
         Odit quisque locus, cum solos credat habendos
         Esse deos, quos ipse colit.
              "Thus 'tis the popular fury that creates
         That all their neighbours' gods each nation hates;
         Each thinks its own the genuine; in a word,
         The only deities to be adored."
I have heard of a judge who, coming upon a sharp conflict betwixt Bartolus and Aldus, and some point controverted with many contrarieties, writ in the margin of his book, "a question for a friend;" that is to say, that truth was there so controverted and disputed that in a like cause he might favour which of the parties he thought fit 'Twas only for want of wit that he did not write "a question for a friend" throughout. The advocates and judges of our times find bias enough in all causes to accommodate them to what they themselves think fit. In so infinite a science, depending upon the authority of so many opinions, and so arbitrary a subject, it cannot be but that of necessity an extreme confusion of judgments must arise; there is hardly any suit so clear wherein opinions do not very much differ; what one court has determined one way another determines quite contrary, and itself contrary to that at another time. Of which we see very frequent examples, owing to that practice admitted amongst us, and which is a marvellous blemish to the ceremonious authority and lustre of our justice, of not abiding by one sentence, but running from judge to judge, and court to court, to decide one and the same cause.
As to the liberty of philosophical opinions concerning vice and virtue, 'tis not necessary to be insisted upon; therein are found many opinions that are better concealed than published to weak minds. Arcesilaus said, "That in venery it was no matter where, or with whom, it was committed:" Et obsccenas voluptates, si natura requirit, non genere, aut loco, aut ordine, sed forma, otate, jigur, metiendas Epicurus putat.... ne amores quidem sanctos a sapiente alienos esse arbitrantur.... Queeramus, ad quam usque otatem juvenes amandi sint. "And obscene pleasures, if nature requires them," Epicurus thinks, "are not to be measured either by race, kind, place, or rank, but by age, shape, and beauty.... Neither are sacred loves thought to be foreign to wise men;... we are to inquire till what age young men are to be loved." These last two stoical quotations, and the reproach that Dicarchus threw into the teeth of Plato himself, upon this account, show how much the soundest philosophy indulges licenses and excesses very remote from common custom.
Laws derive their authority from possession and custom. 'Tis dangerous to trace them back to their beginning; they grow great, and ennoble themselves, like our rivers, by running on; but follow them upward to their source, 'tis but a little spring, scarce discernable,
that swells thus, and thus fortifies itself by growing old. Do but consult the ancient considerations that gave the first motion to this famous torrent, so full of dignity, awe, and reverence, you will find them so light and weak that it is no wonder if these people, who weigh and reduce every thing to reason, and who admit nothing by authority, or upon trust, have their judgments often very remote, and differing from those of the public. It is no wonder if people, who take their pattern from the first image of nature, should in most of their opinions swerve from the common path; as, for example, few amongst them would have approved of the strict conditions of our marriages, and most of them have been for having wives in common, and without obligation; they would refuse our ceremonies. Chrysippus said, "That a philosopher would make a dozen somersaults, aye, and without his breeches, for a dozen of olives."
That philosopher would hardly have advised Clisthenes to have refused Hippoclides the fair Agarista his daughter, for having seen him stand on his head upon a table. Metrocles somewhat indiscreetly broke wind backwards while in disputation, in the presence of a great auditory in his school, and kept himself hid in his own house for shame, till Crates coming to visit him, and adding to his consolations and reasons the example of his own liberty, by falling to try with him who should sound most, cured him of that scruple, and withal drew him to his own stoical sect, more free than that more reserved one of the Peripatetics, of which he had been till then. That which we call decency, not to dare to do that in public which is decent enough to do in private, the Stoics call foppery; and to mince it, and to be so modest as to conceal and disown what nature, custom, and our desires publish and proclaim of our actions, they reputed a vice. The other thought it was to undervalue the mysteries of Venus to draw them out of the private oratory, to expose them to the view of the people; and that to bring them out from behind the curtain was to debase them. Modesty is a thing of weight; secrecy, reservation, and circumspection, are parts of esteem. Pleasure did very ingeniously when, under the mask of virtue, she sued not to be prostituted in the open streets, trodden under foot, and exposed to the public view, wanting the dignity and convenience of her private cabinets. Hence some say that to put down public stews is not only to disperse fornication into all places, that was confined to one, but moreover, by the difficulty, to incite wild and idle people to this vice:—
              Mochus es Aufidi, qui vir,
         Scvine, fuisti:
         Rivalis fuerat qui tuus, ille vir est.
          Cur alina placet tibi, qu tua non placet uxor?
         Numquid securus non potes arrigere?
This experience diversifies itself in a thousand examples:—
              Nullus in urbe fuit tot, qui tangere vellet
         Uxorem gratis, Cciliane, tuam,
         Dum licuit: sed nunc, positis custodibus, ingens
         Turba fututorum est. Ingeniosus homo es.
A philosopher being taken in the very act, and asked what he was doing, coldly replied, "I am planting man;" no more blushing to be so caught than if they had found him planting garlic.
It is, I suppose, out of tenderness and respect to the natural modesty of mankind that a great and religious author is of opinion that this act is so necessarily obliged to privacy and shame that he cannot persuade himself there could be any absolute performance in those impudent embraces of the Cynics, but that they contented themselves to represent lascivious gestures only, to maintain the impudence of their school's profession; and that, to eject what shame had withheld and restrained, it was afterward necessary for them to withdraw into the shade. But he had not thoroughly examined their debauches; for Diogenes, playing the beast with himself in public, wished, in the presence of all that saw him, that he could fill his belly by that exercise. To those who asked him why he did not find out a more commodious place to eat in than in the open street, he made answer, "Because I am hungry in the open street." The women philosophers who mixed with their sect, mixed also with their persons, in all places, without reservation; and Hipparchia was not received into Crates's society, but upon condition that she should, in all things, follow the practice and customs of his rule. These philosophers set a great price upon virtue, and renounce all other discipline but the moral; and yet, in all their actions, they attributed the sovereign authority to the election of their sage, and above the laws; and gave no other curb to voluptuousness but moderation only, and the conservation of the liberty of others.
Heraclitus and Protagoras, forasmuch as wine seemed bitter to the sick, and pleasant to the sound, the rudder crooked in the water, and straight when out, and such like contrary appearances as are found in subjects, argued thence that all subjects had, in themselves, the causes of these appearances; and there was some bitterness in the wine which had some sympathy with the sick man's taste, and the rudder some bending quality sympathizing with him that looks upon it in the water; and so of all the rest; which is to say, that all is in all things, and, consequently, nothing in any one; for, where all is, there is nothing.
This opinion put me in mind of the experience we have that there is no sense or aspect of any thing, whether bitter or sweet, straight or crooked, that the human mind does not find out in the writings it undertakes to tumble over. Into the cleanest, purest, and most perfect words that can possibly be, how many lies and falsities have we suggested! What heresy has not there found ground and testimony sufficient to make itself embraced and defended! 'Tis for this that the authors of such errors will never depart from proof of the testimony of the interpretation of words. A person of dignity, who would approve to me, by authority, the search of the philosopher's stone, wherein he was head over ears engaged, lately alleged to me at least five or six passages of the Bible upon which, he said, he first founded his attempt, for the discharge of his conscience (for he is a divine); and, in truth, the idea was not only pleasant, but, moreover, very well accommodated to the defence of this fine science.
By this way the reputation of divining fables is acquired. There is no fortune-teller, if we have this authority, but, if a man will take the pains to tumble and toss, and narrowly to peep into all the folds and glosses of his words, he may make him, like the Sibyls, say what he will. There are so many ways of interpretation that it will be hard but that, either obliquely or in a direct line, an ingenious wit will find out, in every subject, some air that will serve for his purpose; therefore we find a cloudy and ambiguous style in so frequent and ancient use. Let the author but make himself master of that, to busy posterity about his predictions, which not only his own parts, but the accidental favour of the matter itself, may do for him; and, as to the rest, express himself, whether after a foolish or a subtle manner, somewhat obscurely or contradictorily, 'tis no matter;—a number of wits, shaking and sifting him, will bring out a great many several forms, either according to his meaning, or collateral, or contrary, to it, which will all redound to his honour; he will see himself enriched by the means of his disciples, like the regents of colleges by their pupils yearly presents. This it is which has given reputation to many things of no worth at all; that has brought several writings in vogue, and given them the fame of containing all sorts of matter can be desired; one and the same thing receiving a thousand and a thousand images and various considerations; nay, as many as we please.
Is it possible that Homer could design to say all that we make him say, and that he designed so many and so various figures, as that the divines, law-givers, captains, philosophers, and all sorts of men who treat of sciences, how variously and opposite soever, should indifferently quote him, and support their arguments by his authority, as the sovereign lord and master of all offices, works, and artisans, and counsellor-general of all enterprises? Whoever has had occasion for oracles and predictions has there found sufficient to serve his turn. 'Tis a wonder how many and how admirable concurrences an intelligent person, and a particular friend of mine, has there found out in favour of our religion; and cannot easily be put out of the conceit that it was Homer's design; and yet he is as well acquainted with this author as any man whatever of his time. And what he has found in favour of our religion there, very many anciently have found in favour of theirs. Do but observe how Plato is tumbled and tossed about; every one ennobling his own opinions by applying him to himself, and making him take what side they please. They draw him in, and engage him in all the new opinions the world receives; and make him, according to the different course of things, differ from himself; every one makes him disavow, according to his own sense, the manners and customs lawful in his age, because they are unlawful in ours; and all this with vivacity and power, according to the force and sprightliness of the wit of the interpreter. From the same foundation that Heraclitus and this sentence of his had, "that all things had in them those forms that we discern," Democritus drew quite a contrary conclusion,—"that objects have in them nothing that we discern in them;" and because honey is sweet to one and bitter to another, he thence argued that it was neither sweet nor bitter. The Pyrrhonians would say that they knew not whether it is sweet or bitter, or whether the one or the other, or both; for these always gained the highest point of dubitation. The Cyrenaics held that nothing was perceptible from without, and that that only was perceptible that inwardly touched us, as pain and pleasure; acknowledging neither sound nor colour, but certain affections only that we receive from them; and that man's judgment had no other seat Protagoras believed that "what seems true to every one, is true to every one." The Epicureans lodged all judgment in the senses, and in the knowledge of things, and in pleasure. Plato would have the judgment of truth, and truth itself, derived from opinions and the senses, to belong to the wit and cogitation.
This discourse has put me upon the consideration of the senses, in which lies the greatest foundation and Prof of our ignorance. Whatsoever is known, is doubtless known by the faculty of the knower; for, seeing the judgment proceeds from the operation of him that judges, 'tis reason that this operation be performed by his means and will, not by the constraint of another; as it would happen if we knew things by the power, and according to the law of their essence. Now all knowledge is conveyed to us by the senses; they are our masters:—
                Via qua munita fidei
          Proxima fert humanum in pectus, templaque mentis;
              "It is the surest path that faith can find
         By which to enter human heart and mind."
Science begins by them, and is resolved into them. After all, we should know no more than a stone if we did not know there is sound, odour, light, taste, measure, weight, softness, hardness, sharpness, colour, smoothness, breadth, and depth; these are the platforms and principles of the structure of all our knowledge; and, according to some, science is nothing else but sense. He that could make me contradict the senses, would have me by the throat; he could not make me go further back. The senses are the beginning and the end of human knowledge:—
               Invenies primis ab sensibns esse creatam
          Notitiam veil; neque sensus posse refelli....
           Quid majore fide porro, quam sensus, haberi Debet?
              "Of truth, whate'er discoveries are made,
          Are by the senses to us first conveyed;
         Nor will one sense be baffled; for on what
         Can we rely more safely than on that?"
Let us attribute to them the least we can, we must, however, of necessity grant them this, that it is by their means and mediation that all our instruction is directed. Cicero says, that Chrysippus having attempted to extenuate the force and virtue of the senses, presented to himself arguments and so vehement oppositions to the contrary that he could not satisfy himself therein; whereupon Cameades, who maintained the contrary side, boasted that he would make use of the very words and arguments of Chrysippus to controvert and confute him, and therefore thus cried out against him: "O miserable! thy force has destroyed thee." There can be nothing absurd to a greater degree than to maintain that fire does not warm, that light does not shine, and that there is no weight nor solidity in iron, which are things conveyed to us by the senses; neither is there belief nor knowledge in man that can be compared to that for certainty.
The first consideration I have upon the subject of the senses is that I make a doubt whether or no man be furnished with all natural senses. I see several animals who live an entire and perfect life, some without sight, others without hearing; who knows whether to us also one, two, three, or many other senses may not be wanting? For if any one be wanting, our examination cannot discover the defect. 'Tis the privilege of the senses to be the utmost limit of our discovery; there is nothing beyond them that can assist us in exploration, not so much as one sense in the discovery of another:—
                 An poterunt oculos aures reprehendere? an aures
            Tactus an hunc porro tactum sapor argnet oris?
          An confutabunt nares, oculive revincent?
                "Can ears the eyes, the touch the ears, correct?
           Or is that touch by tasting to be check'd?
          Or th' other senses, shall the nose or eyes
           Confute in their peculiar faculties?"
They all make the extremest limits of our ability:—
               Seorsum cuique potestas Divisa est, sua vis cuique est,
              "Each has its power distinctly and alone,
         And every sense's power is its own."
It is impossible to make a man naturally blind conceive that he does not see; impossible to make him desire sight, or to regret his defect; for which reason we ought not to derive any assurance from the soul's being contented and satisfied with those we have; considering that it cannot be sensible herein of its infirmity and imperfection, if there be any such thing. It is impossible to say any thing to this blind man, either by reasoning, argument, or similitude, that can possess his imagination with any apprehension of light, colour, or sight; there's nothing remains behind that can push on the senses to evidence. Those that are born blind, whom we hear wish they could see, it is not that they understand what they desire; they have learned from us that they want something; that there is something to be desired that we have, which they can name indeed and speak of its effect and consequences; but yet they know not what it is, nor apprehend it at all.
I have seen a gentleman of a good family who was born blind, or at least blind from such an age that he knows not what sight is; who is so little sensible of his defect that he makes use as we do of words proper for seeing, and applies them after a manner wholly particular and his own. They brought him a child to which he was god-father, which, having taken into his arms, "Good God," said he, "what a fine child! How beautiful to look upon! what a pretty face it has!" He will say, like one of us, "This room has a very fine prospect;—it is clear weather;—the sun shines bright." And moreover, being that hunting, tennis, and butts are our exercises, and he has heard so, he has taken a liking to them, will ride a-hunting, and believes he has as good share of the sport as we have; and will express himself as angry or pleased as the best of us all, and yet knows nothing of it but by the ear. One cries out to him, "Here's a hare!" when he is upon some even plain where he may safely ride; and afterwards, when they tell him, "The hare is killed," he will be as overjoyed and proud of it as he hears others say they are. He will take a tennis-ball in his left hand and strike it away with the racket; he will shoot with a harquebuss at random, and is contented with what his people tell him, that he is over, or wide.
Who knows whether all human kind commit not the like absurdity, for want of some sense, and that through this default the greatest part of the face of things is concealed from us? What do we know but that the difficulties which we find in several works of nature proceed hence; and that several effects of animals, which exceed our capacity, are not produced by faculty of some sense that we are defective in? and whether some of them have not by this means a life more full and entire than ours? We seize an apple with all our senses; we there find redness, smoothness, odour, and sweetness; but it may have other virtues besides these, as to heat or binding, which no sense of ours can have any reference unto. Is it not likely that there are sensitive faculties in nature that are fit to judge of and to discern those which we call the occult properties in several things, as for the loadstone to attract iron; and that the want of such faculties is the cause that we are ignorant of the true essence of such things? 'Tis perhaps some particular sense that gives cocks to understand what hour it is at midnight, and when it grows to be towards day, and that makes them crow accordingly; that teaches chickens, before they have any experience of the matter, to fear a sparrow-hawk, and not a goose or a peacock, though birds of a much larger size; that cautions them against the hostile quality the cat has against them, and makes them not to fear a dog; to arm themselves against the mewing, a kind of flattering voice, of the one, and not against the barking, a shrill and threatening voice, of the other; that teaches wasps, ants, and rats, to fall upon the best pear and the best cheese before they have tasted them, and inspires the stag, elephant, and serpent, with the knowledge of a certain herb proper for their cure. There is no sense that has not a mighty dominion, and that does not by its power introduce an infinite number of knowledges. If we were defective in the intelligence of sounds, of harmony, and of the voice, it would cause an unimaginable confusion in all the rest of our science; for, besides what belongs to the proper effect of every sense, how many arguments, consequences, and conclusions do we draw to other things, by comparing one sense with another? Let an understanding man imagine human nature originally produced without the sense of seeing, and consider what ignorance and trouble such a defect would bring upon him, what a darkness and blindness in the soul; he will then see by that of how great importance to the knowledge of truth the privation of such another sense, or of two or three, should we be so deprived, would be. We have formed a truth by the consultation and concurrence of our five senses; but perhaps we should have the consent and contribution of eight or ten to make a certain discovery of it in its essence.
The sects that controvert the knowledge of man do it principally by the uncertainty and weakness of our senses; for since all knowledge is by their means and mediation conveyed unto us, if they fail in their report, if they corrupt or alter what they bring us from without, if the light which by them creeps into the soul be obscured in the passage, we have nothing else to hold by. From this extreme difficulty all these fancies proceed: "That every subject has in itself all we there find. That it has nothing in it of what we think we there find;" and that of the Epicureans, "That the sun is no bigger than 'tis judged by our sight to be:—"
                Quidquid id est, nihilo fertur majore figura,
         Quam nostris oculis quam cemimus, esse videtur:
              "But be it what it will in our esteems,
         It is no bigger than to us it seems:"
that the appearances which represent a body great to him that is near, and less to him that is more remote, are both true:—
              Nee tamen hic oculos falli concedimus hilum....
         Proinde animi vitium hoc oculis adfingere noli:
              "Yet that the eye's deluded we deny;
         Charge not the mind's faults, therefore, on the eye:"
"and, resolutely, that there is no deceit in the senses; that we are to lie at their mercy, and seek elsewhere reasons to excuse the difference and contradictions we there find, even to the inventing of lies and other flams, if it come to that, rather than accuse the senses." Timagoras vowed that, by pressing or turning his eye, he could never perceive the light of the candle to double, and that the seeming so proceeded from the vice of opinion, and not from the instrument. The most absurd of all absurdities, with the Epicureans, is to deny the force and effect of the senses:—
                  Proinde, quod in quoquo est his visum tempore, verum est
            Et, si non potuit ratio dissolvere causam,
            Cur ea, qu fuerint juxtim quadrata, procul sint
            Visa rotunda; tamen prstat rationis egentem
            Beddere mendose causas utriusque figur,
           Quam manibus manifesta suis emittere ququam,
            Et violare fidem primam, et convellere tota
            Fundamenta, quibus nixatur vita salusque:
            Non modo enim ratio ruat omnis, vita quoque ipsa
           Concidat extemplo, nisi credere sensibus ausis,
            Procipitesque locos vitare, et ctera, qu sint
           In genere hoc fugienda.
                "That what we see exists I will maintain,
          And if our feeble reason can't explain
            Why things seem square when they are very near,
            And at a greater distance round appear;
           'Tis better yet, for him that's at a pause,
          'T' assign to either figure a false cause,
          Than shock his faith, and the foundations rend
         On which our safety and our life depend:
         For reason not alone, but life and all,
         Together will with sudden ruin fall;
         Unless we trust our senses, nor despise
         To shun the various dangers that arise."
This so desperate and unphilosophical advice expresses only this,—that human knowledge cannot support itself but by reason unreasonable, foolish, and mad; but that it is yet better that man, to set a greater value upon himself, make use of any other remedy, how fantastic soever, than to confess his necessary ignorance—a truth so disadvantageous to him. He cannot avoid owning that the senses are the sovereign lords of his knowledge; but they are uncertain, and falsifiable in all circumstances; 'tis there that he is to fight it out to the last; and if his just forces fail him, as they do, to supply that defect with obstinacy, temerity, and impudence. In case what the Epicureans say be true, viz: "that we have no knowledge if the senses' appearances be false;" and if that also be true which the Stoics say, "that the appearances of the senses are so false that they can furnish us with no manner of knowledge," we shall conclude, to the disadvantage of these two great dogmatical sects, that there is no science at all.
As to the error and uncertainty of the operation of the senses, every one may furnish himself with as many examples as he pleases; so ordinary are the faults and tricks they put upon us. In the echo of a valley the sound of a trumpet seems to meet us, which comes from a place behind:—
              Exstantesque procul medio de gurgite montes,
         Classibus inter qnos liber patet exitus, idem
         Apparent, et longe divolsi licet, ingens
         Insula conjunctis tamen ex his ana videtur...
         Et fugere ad puppim colies campique videntur,
         Qnos agimns proter navim, velisque volamus....
         Ubi in medio nobis equus acer obhsit
         Flamine, equi corpus transversum ferre videtur
         Vis, et in adversum flumen contrudere raptim.
               "And rocks i' th' seas that proudly raise their head,
         Though far disjoined, though royal navies spread,
         Their sails between; yet if from distance shown,
         They seem an island all combin'd in one.
         Thus ships, though driven by a prosperous gale,
         Seem fix'd to sailors; those seem under sail
         That ride at anchor safe; and all admire,
         As they row by, to see the rocks retire.
         Thus, when in rapid streams my horse hath stood,
         And I look'd downward on the rolling flood;
         Though he stood still, I thought he did divide
         The headlong streams, and strive against the tide,
         And all things seem'd to move on every side."
Take a musket-ball under the forefinger, the middle finger being lapped over it, it feels so like two that a man will have much ado to persuade himself there is but one; the end of the two fingers feeling each of them one at the same time; for that the senses are very often masters of our reason, and constrain it to receive impressions which it judges and knows to be false, is frequently seen. I set aside the sense of feeling, that has its functions nearer, more lively, and substantial, that so often, by the effects of the pains it helps the body to, subverts and overthrows all those fine Stoical resolutions, and compels him to cry out of his belly, who has resolutely established this doctrine in his soul—"That the colic, and all other pains and diseases, are indifferent things, not having the power to abate any thing of the sovereign felicity wherein the wise man is seated by his virtue." There is no heart so effeminate that the rattle and sound of our drums and trumpets will not inflame with courage; nor so sullen that the harmony of our music will not rouse and cheer; nor so stubborn a soul that will not feel itself struck with some reverence in considering the gloomy vastness of our churches, the variety of ornaments, and order of our ceremonies; and in hearing the solemn music of our organs, and the grace and devout harmony of our voices. Even those that come in with contempt feel a certain shivering in their hearts, and something of dread that makes them begin to doubt their opinions. For my part I do not think myself strong enough to hear an ode of Horace or Catullus sung by a beautiful young mouth without emotion; and Zeno had reason to say "that the voice was the flower of beauty." One would once make me believe that a certain person, whom all we Frenchmen know, had imposed upon me in repeating some verses that he had made; that they were not the same upon paper that they were in the air; and that my eyes would make a contrary judgment to my ears; so great a power has pronunciation to give fashion and value to works that are left to the efficacy and modulation of the voice. And therefore Philoxenus was not so much to blame, hearing one giving an ill accent to some composition of his, in spurning and breaking certain earthen vessels of his, saying, "I break what is thine, because thou corruptest what is mine." To what end did those men who have, with a firm resolution, destroyed themselves, turn away their faces that they might not see the blow that was by themselves appointed? And that those who, for their health, desire and command incisions to be made, and cauteries to be applied to them, cannot endure the sight of the preparations, instruments, and operations of the surgeon, being that the sight is not in any way to participate in the pain? Are not these proper examples to verify the authority the senses have over the imagination? 'Tis to much purpose that we know these tresses were borrowed from a page or a lackey; that this rouge came from Spain, and this pearl-powder from the Ocean Sea. Our sight will, nevertheless, compel us to confess their subject more agreeable and more lovely against all reason; for in this there is nothing of its own:—
               Auferinrar cultu; gemmis, auroque teguntur
         Crimina; pars minima est ipsa puella sni.
         Spe, ubi sit quod ames, inter tarn multa requiras:
         Decipit hac oculos gide dives Amor.
               "By dress we're won; gold, gems, and rich brocades
          Make up the pageant that your heart invades;
          In all that glittering figure which you see,
         The far least part of her own self is she;
         In vain for her you love amidst such cost
         You search, the mistress in such dress is lost."
What a strange power do the poets attribute to the senses, that make Narcissus so desperately in love with his own shadow,
              Cunctaque miratur, quibus est mirabilis ipse;
         Se cupit imprudens, et, qui probat, ipse probatur;
         Dumque petit, petitur; pariterque accendit, et ardet:
              "Admireth all; for which to be admired;
         And inconsiderately himself desir'd.
         The praises which he gives his beauty claim'd,
         Who seeks is sought, th' inflamer is inflam'd:"
and Pygmalion's judgment so troubled by the impression of the sight of his ivory statue that he loves and adores it as if it were a living woman!
              Oscnla dat, reddique putat: sequi turque, tenetque,
         Et credit tactis digitos insidere membris;
         Et metuit, pressos veniat ne livor in artus.
              "He kisses, and believes he's kissed again;
         Seizes, and 'twixt his arms his love doth strain,
         And thinks the polish'd ivory thus held
         Doth to his fingers amorous pressure yield,
         And has a timorous fear, lest black and blue
          Should in the parts with ardour press'd ensue."
Put a philosopher into a cage of small thin set bars of iron, hang him on the top of the high tower of Notre Dame at Paris; he will see, by manifest reason, that he cannot possibly fall, and yet he will find (unless he has been used to the plumber's trade) that he cannot help but the sight of the excessive height will fright and astound him; for we have enough to do to assure ourselves in the galleries of our steeples, if they are made with open work, although they are of stone; and some there are that cannot endure so much as to think of it. Let there be a beam thrown over betwixt these two towers, of breadth sufficient to walk upon, there is no philosophical wisdom so firm that can give us the courage to walk over it as we should do upon the ground. I have often tried this upon our mountains in these parts; and though I am one who am not the most subject to be afraid, I was not able to endure to look into that infinite depth without horror and trembling, though I stood above my length from the edge of the precipice, and could not have fallen unless I would. Where I also observed that, what height soever the precipice was, provided there were some tree, or some jutting out of a rock, a little to support and divide the sight, it a little eases our fears, and gives greater assurance; as if they were things by which in falling we might have some relief; but that direct precipices we are not to look upon without being giddy; Ut despici vine vertigine timid ocvlorum animique non possit: "'To that one cannot look without dizziness;" which is a manifest imposture of the sight. And therefore it was that that fine philosopher put out his own eyes, to free the soul from being diverted by them, and that he might philosophize at greater liberty; but, by the same rule, he should have dammed up his ears, that Theophrastus says are the most dangerous instruments about us for receiving violent impressions to alter and disturb us; and, finally, should have deprived himself of all his other senses, that is to say, of his life and being; for they have all the power to command our soul and reason: Fit etiam sope specie qudam, sope vocum gravitate et cantibus, ut pettantur animi vehementius; sope etiam cura et timor, "For it often falls out that the minds are more vehemently struck by some sight, by the quality and sound of the voice, or by singing; and ofttimes also by grief and fear." Physicians hold that there are certain complexions that are agitated by the same sounds and instruments even to fury. I have seen some who could not hear a bone gnawed under the table without impatience; and there is scarce any man who is not disturbed at the sharp and shrill noise that the file makes in grating upon the iron; as also to hear chewing near them, or to hear any one speak who has an impediment in the throat or nose, will move some people even to anger and hatred. Of what use was that piping prompter of Gracchus, who softened, raised, and moved his master's voice whilst he declaimed at Rome, if the movements and quality of the sound had not the power to move and alter the judgments of the auditory? In earnest, there is wonderful reason to keep such a clutter about the firmness of this fine piece, that suffers itself to be turned and twined by the motion and accidents of so light a wind.
The same cheat that the senses put upon our understanding they have in turn put upon them; the soul also some times has its revenge; they lie and contend which should most deceive one another. What we see and hear when we are transported with passion, we neither see nor hear as it is:—
               Et solem geminum, et duplices se ostendere Thebas.
              "Thebes seems two cities, and the sun two suns."
The object that we love appears to us more beautiful than it really is;
              Multimodis igitur pravas turpesque videmus
         Esse in deliciis, summoque in honore vigere;
              "Hence 'tis that ugly things in fancied dress
         Seem gay, look fair to lovers' eyes, and please;"
and that we hate more ugly; to a discontented and afflicted man the light of the day seems dark and overcast. Our senses are not only depraved, but very often stupefied by the passions of the soul; how many things do we see that we do not take notice of, if the mind be occupied with other thoughts?
               In rebus quoque apertis noscere possis,
         Si non advertas animum, proinde esse quasi omni
         Tempore semot fuerint, longeque remot:
               "Nay, even in plainest things, unless the mind
         Take heed, unless she sets herself to find,
         The thing no more is seen, no more belov'd,
         Than if the most obscure and most remov'd:"
it would appear that the soul retires within, and amuses the powers of the senses. And so both the inside and the outside of man is full of infirmity and falsehood.
They who have compared our lives to a dream were, perhaps, more in the right than they were aware of. When we dream, the soul lives, works, and exercises all its faculties, neither more nor less than when awake; but more largely and obscurely, yet not so much, neither, that the difference should be as great as betwixt night and the meridian brightness of the sun, but as betwixt night and shade; there she sleeps, here she slumbers; but, whether more or less, 'tis still dark, and Cimmerian darkness. We wake sleeping, and sleep waking. I do not see so clearly in my sleep; but as to my being awake, I never found it clear enough and free from clouds; moreover, sleep, when it is profound, sometimes rocks even dreams themselves asleep; but our waking is never so sprightly that it rightly purges and dissipates those whimsies, which are waking dreams, and worse than dreams. Our reason and soul receiving those fancies and opinions that come in dreams, and authorizing the actions of our dreams with the like approbation that they do those of the day, wherefore do we not doubt whether our thought, our action, is not another sort of dreaming, and our waking a certain kind of sleep?
If the senses be our first judges, it is not ours that we are alone to consult; for, in this faculty, beasts have as great, or greater, than we; it is certain that some of them have the sense of hearing more quick than man; others that of seeing, others that of feeling, others that of touch and taste. Democritus said, that the gods and brutes had the sensitive faculties more perfect than man. But betwixt the effects of their senses and ours the difference is extreme. Our spittle cleanses and dries up our wounds; it kills the serpent:—
              Tantaque in his rebas distantia differitasque est,
          Ut quod aliis cibus est, aliis fuat acre venenum.
         Spe etenim serpens, hominis contacta saliv,
         Disperit, ac sese mandendo conficit ipsa:
               "And in those things the difference is so great
         That what's one's poison is another's meat;
         For serpents often have been seen, 'tis said,
         When touch'd with human spittle, to go mad,
         And bite themselves to death:"
what quality shall we attribute to our spittle? as it affects ourselves, or as it affects the serpent? By which of the two senses shall we prove the true essence that we seek for?
Pliny says there are certain sea-hares in the Indies that are poison to us, and we to them; insomuch that, with the least touch, we kill them. Which shall be truly poison, the man or the fish? Which shall we believe, the fish of the man, or the man of the fish? One quality of the air infects a man, that does the ox no harm; some other infects the ox, but hurts not the man. Which of the two shall, in truth and nature, be the pestilent quality? To them who have the jaundice, all things seem yellow and paler than to us:—
              Lurida prterea fiunt, qucunque tuentur Arquati.
               "Besides, whatever jaundic'd eyes do view
         Looks pale as well as those, and yellow too."
They who are troubled with the disease that the physicians call hyposphagma—which is a suffusion of blood under the skin—see all things red and bloody. What do we know but that these humours, which thus alter the operations of sight, predominate in beasts, and are usual with them? for we see some whose eyes are yellow, like us who have the jaundice; and others of a bloody colour; 'tis likely that the colours of objects seem other to them than to us. Which of the two shall make a right judgment? for it is not said that the essence of things has a relation to man only; hardness, whiteness, depth, and sharpness, have reference to the service and knowledge of animals as well as to us, and nature has equally designed them for their use. When we press down the eye, the body that we look upon we perceive to be longer and more extended;—many beasts have their eyes so pressed down; this length, therefore, is perhaps the true form of that body, and not that which our eyes give it in the usual state. If we close the lower part of the eye things appear double to us:—
               Bina lucemarum fiorentia lumina flammis...
         Et duplices hominum facis, et corpora bina.
              "One lamp seems double, and the men appear
         Each on two bodies double heads to bear."
If our ears be hindered, or the passage stopped with any thing, we receive the sound quite otherwise than we usually do; animals, likewise, who have either the ears hairy, or but a very little hole instead of an ear, do not, consequently, hear as we do, but receive another kind of sound. We see at festivals and theatres that, opposing a painted glass of a certain colour to the light of the flambeaux, all things in the place appear to us green, yellow, or violet:—
              Et vulgo faciunt id lutea russaque vela,
         Et ferrugina, cum, magnis intenta theatris,
         Per malos vulgata trabesque, trementia pendent;
         Namque ibi consessum caveai subter, et omnem
         Scenai speciem, patrum, matrumque, deorumque
         Inficiunt, coguntque suo volitare colore:
              "Thus when pale curtains, or the deeper red,
         O'er all the spacious theatre are spread,
         Which mighty masts and sturdy pillars bear,
         And the loose curtains wanton in the air;
         Whole streams of colours from the summit flow,
         The rays divide them in their passage through,
         And stain the scenes, and men, and gods below:"
'tis likely that the eyes of animals, which we see to be of divers colours, produce the appearance of bodies the same with their eyes.
We should, therefore, to make a right judgment of the oppositions of the senses, be first agreed with beasts, and secondly amongst ourselves; which we by no means are, but enter into dispute every time that one hears, sees, or tastes something otherwise than another does, and contests, as much as upon any other thing, about the diversity of the images that the senses represent to us. A child, by the ordinary rule of nature, hears, sees, and talks otherwise than a man of thirty years old; and he than one of threescore. The senses are, in some, more obscure and dusky, and more open and quick in others. We receive things variously, according as we are, and according as they appear to us. Those rings which are cut out in the form of feathers, which are called endless feathers, no eye can discern their size, or can keep itself from the deception that on one side they enlarge, and on the other contract, and come So a point, even when the ring is being turned round the finger; yet, when you feel them, they seem all of an equal size. Now, our perception being so uncertain and so controverted, it is no more a wonder if we are told that we may declare that snow appears white to us; but that to affirm that it is in its own essence really so is more than we are able to justify; and, this foundation being shaken, all the knowledge in the world must of necessity fall to ruin. What! do our senses themselves hinder one another? A picture seems raised and embossed to the sight; in the handling it seems flat to the touch. Shall we say that musk, which delights the smell, and is offensive to the taste, is agreeable or no? There are herbs and unguents proper for one part o the body, that are hurtful to another; honey is pleasant to the taste, but offensive to the sight. They who, to assist their lust, used in ancient times to make use of magnifying-glasses to represent the members they were to employ bigger, by that ocular tumidity to please themselves the more; to which of their senses did they give the prize,—whether to the sight, that represented the members as large and great as they would desire, or to the feeling, which represented them little and contemptible? Are they our senses that supply the subject with these different conditions, and have the subjects themselves, nevertheless, but one? As we see in the bread we eat, it is nothing but bread, but, by being eaten, it becomes bones, blood, flesh, hair; and nails:—
                Ut cibus in membra atque artus cum diditur omnes,
        Disperit,, atque aliam naturam sufficit ex se;
                "As meats, diffus'd through all the members, lose
        Their former state, and different things compose;"
the humidity sucked up by the root of a tree becomes trunk, leaf, and fruit; and the air, being but one, is modulated, in a trumpet, to a thousand sorts of sounds; are they our senses, I would fain know, that, in like manner, form these subjects into so many divers qualities, or have they them really such in themselves? And upon this doubt what can we determine of their true essence? Moreover, since the accidents of disease, of raving, or sleep, make things appear otherwise to us than they do to the healthful, the wise, and those that are awake, is it not likely that our right posture of health and understanding, and our natural humours, have, also, wherewith to give a being to things that have a relation to their own condition, and accommodate them to themselves, as well as when they are disordered;—that health is as capable of giving them an aspect as sickness? Why has not the temperate a certain form of objects relative to it, as well as the intemperate? and why may it not as well stamp it with its own character as the other? He whose mouth is out of taste, says the wine is flat; the healthful man commends its flavour, and the thirsty its briskness. Now, our condition always accommodating things to itself, and transforming them according to its own posture, we cannot know what things truly are in themselves, seeing that nothing comes to us but what is falsified and altered by the senses. Where the compass, the square, and the rule, are crooked, all propositions drawn thence, and all buildings erected by those guides, must, of necessity, be also defective; the uncertainty of our senses renders every thing uncertain that they produce:—
                 Denique ut in fabric, si prava est rgula prima,
         Normaque si fallax rectis regionibus exit,
         Et libella aliqu si ex parte claudicat hilum;
        Omnia mendose fieri, atque obstipa necessum est,
        Prava, cubantia, prona, supina, atque absona tecta;
        Jam ruere ut qudam videantux'velle, ruantque
        Prodita judiciis fallacibus omnia primis;
        Sic igitur ratio tibi reram prava necesse est,
        Falsaque sit, falsis qucunque ab sensibus orta est.
                "But lastly, as in building, if the line
        Be not exact and straight, the rule decline,
        Or level false, how vain is the design!
        Uneven, an ill-shap'd and tottering wall
        Must rise; this part must sink, that part must fall,
        Because the rules were false that fashion'd all;
        Thus reason's rules are false if all commence
        And rise from failing and from erring sense."
As to what remains, who can be fit to judge of and to determine those differences? As we say in controversies of religion that we must have a judge neither inclining to the one side nor the other, free from all choice and affection, which cannot be amongst Christians, just so it falls out in this; for if he be old he cannot judge of the sense of old age, being himself a party in the case; if young, there is the same exception; if healthful, sick, asleep, or awake, he is still the same incompetent judge. We must have some one exempt from all these propositions, as of things indifferent to him; and by this rule we must have a judge that never was.
To judge of the appearances that we receive of subjects, we ought t have a deciding instrument; to verify this instrument we must have demonstration; to verify this demonstration an instrument; and here we are round again upon the wheel, and no further advanced. Seeing the senses cannot determine our dispute, being full of uncertainty themselves, it must then be reason that must do it; but no reason can be erected upon any other foundation than that of another reason; and so we run back to all infinity. Our fancy does not apply itself to things that are strange, but is conceived by the mediation of the senses; and the senses do not comprehend a foreign subject, but only their own passions; by which means fancy and appearance are no part of the subject, but only of the passion and sufferance of sense; which passion and subject are different things; wherefore whoever judges by appearances judges by another thing than the subject. And to say that the passions of the senses convey to the soul the quality of foreign subjects by resemblance, how can the soul and understanding be assured of this resemblance, having of itself no commerce with foreign subjects? As they who never knew Socrates cannot, when they see his picture, say it is like him. Now, whoever would, notwithstanding, judge by appearances, if it be by all, it is impossible, because they hinder one another by their contrarieties and discrepancies, as we by experience see: shall some select appearances govern the rest? you must verify this select by another select, the second by a third, and thus there will never be any end to it. Finally, there is no constant existence, neither of the objects' being nor our own; both we, and our judgments, and all mortal things, are evermore incessantly running and rolling; and consequently nothing certain can be established from the one to the other, both the judging and the judged being in a continual motion and mutation.
We have no communication with being, by reason that all human nature is always in the middle, betwixt being bom and dying, giving but an obscure appearance and shadow, a weak and uncertain opinion of itself; and if, perhaps, you fix your thought to apprehend your being, it would be but like grasping water; for the more you clutch your hand to squeeze and hold what is in its own nature flowing, so much more you lose of what you would grasp and hold. So, seeing that all things are subject to pass from one change to another, reason, that there looks for a real substance, finds itself deceived, not being able to apprehend any thing that is subsistent and permanent, because that every thing is either entering into being, and is not yet arrived at it, or begins to die before it is bom. Plato said, that bodies had never any existence, but only birth; conceiving that Homer had made the Ocean and Thetis father and mother of the gods, to show us that all things are in a perpetual fluctuation, motion, and variation; the opinion of all the philosophers, as he says, before his time, Parmenides only excepted, who would not allow things to have motion, on the power whereof he sets a mighty value. Pythagoras was of opinion that all matter was flowing and unstable; the Stoics, that there is no time present, and that what we call so is nothing but the juncture and meeting of the future and the past; Heraclitus, that never any man entered twice into the same river; Epichar-mus, that he who borrowed money but an hour ago does not owe it now; and that he who was invited over-night to come the next day to dinner comes nevertheless uninvited, considering that they are no more the same men, but are become others; and that there could not a mortal substance be found twice in the same condition; for, by the suddenness and quickness of the change, it one while disperses, and another reunites; it comes and goes after such a manner that what begins to be born never arrives to the perfection of being, forasmuch as that birth is never finished and never stays, as being at an end, but from the seed is evermore changing and shifting one to another; as human seed is first in the mother's womb made a formless embryo, after delivered thence a sucking infant, afterwards it becomes a boy, then a youth, then a man, and at last a decrepit old man; so that age and subsequent generation is always destroying and spoiling that which went before:—
             Mutt enira mundi naturam totius tas,
        Ex alioque alius status excipere omnia debet;
        Nec manet ulla sui similis res; omnia migrant,
        Omnia commutt natura, et vertere cogit.
            "For time the nature of the world translates,
        And from preceding gives all things new states;
        Nought like itself remains, but all do range,
        And nature forces every thing to change."
"And yet we foolishly fear one kind of death, whereas we have already passed, and do daily pass, so many others; for not only, as Heraclitus said, the death of fire is generation of air, and the death of air generation of water; but, moreover, we may more manifestly discern it in ourselves; manhood dies, and passes away when age comes on; and youth is terminated in the flower of age of a full-grown man, infancy in youth, and the first age dies in infancy; yesterday died in to-day, and to-day will die in to-morrow; and there is nothing that remains in the same state, or that is always the same thing. And that it is so let this be the proof; if we are always one and the same, how comes it to pass that we are now pleased with one thing, and by and by with another? How comes it to pass that we love or hate contrary things, that we praise or condemn them? How comes it to pass that we have different affections, and no more retain the same sentiment in the same thought? For it is not likely that without mutation we should assume other passions; and, that which suffers mutation does not remain the same, and if it be not the same it is not at all; but the same that the being is does, like it, unknowingly change and alter; becoming evermore another from another thing; and consequently the natural senses abuse and deceive themselves, taking that which seems for that which is, for want of well knowing what that which is, is. But what is it then that truly is? That which is eternal; that is to say, that never had beginning, nor never shall have ending, and to which time can bring no mutation. For time is a mobile thine, and that appears as in a shadow, with a matter evermore flowing and running, without ever remaining stable and permanent; and to which belong those words, before and after, has been, or shall be: which at the first sight, evidently show that it is not a thing that is; for it were a great folly, and a manifest falsity, to say that that is which is not et being, or that has already ceased to be. And as to these words, present, instant, and now, by which it seems that we principally support and found the intelligence of time, reason, discovering, does presently destroy it; for it immediately divides and splits it into the future and past, being of necessity to consider it divided in two. The same happens to nature, that is measured, as to time that measures it; for she has nothing more subsisting and permanent than the other, but all things are either born, bearing, or dying. So that it were sinful to say of God, who is he only who is, that he was, or that he shall be ; for those are terms of declension, transmutation, and vicissitude, of what cannot continue or remain in being; wherefore we are to conclude that God alone is, not according to any measure of time, but according to an immutable and an immovable eternity, not measured by time, nor subject to any declension; before whom nothing was, and after whom nothing shall be, either more new or more recent, but a real being, that with one sole now fills the for ever, and that there is nothing that truly is but he alone; without our being able to say, he has been, or shall be; without beginning, and without end." To this so religious conclusion of a pagan I shall only add this testimony of one of the same condition, for the close of this long and tedious discourse, which would furnish me with endless matter: "What a vile and abject thing," says he, "is man, if he do not raise himself above humanity!" 'Tis a good word and a profitable desire, but withal absurd; for to make the handle bigger than the hand, the cubic longer than the arm, and to hope to stride further than our legs can reach, is both impossible and monstrous; or that man should rise above himself and humanity; for he cannot see but with his eyes, nor seize but with his hold. He shall be exalted, if God will lend him an extraordinary hand; he shall exalt himself, by abandoning and renouncing his own proper means, and by suffering himself to be raised and elevated by means purely celestial. It belongs to our Christian faith, and not to the stoical virtue, to pretend to that divine and miraculous 

Then she smiled and said, "The invitation's open
'Cause you look just like what I've been waiting on"
So I said, "Why don't we take this matter somewhere else
And get to know this feeling that's so strong?
Lead on"

She said, "I had a love once
But he just up and left me"
I said, "I bet it broke your heart"
I had a love once too
But I acted like a fool
Oh, what I'd give to be back in her arms

Then she smiled and said, "The invitation's open
'Cause you look just like what I've been waiting on"
So I said, "Why don't we take this matter somewhere else
And pick up right where everything went wrong?
Lead on"
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
She said, "I don't recall
Seeing you around here
You must be new to this 

He said, "It's cold out here, and I'm all alone
I didn't make the short go again and I'm coming home
I know I've been away too long
I never got a chance to write or call
And I know this rodeo has been hard on us all—
But I'll be home soon
And honey is there something wrong?"

She said, "Don't bother coming home
By the time you get here I'll be long gone
There's somebody new and he sure ain't no rodeo man."
He said, "I'm sorry it's come down to this
There's so much about you that I'm gonna miss
But it's alright baby, if I hurry I can still make Cheyenne
Gotta go now baby, if I hurry I can still make Cheyenne
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
He left that phone dangling off the hook
Then slowly turned around and gave it one last look
Then he just walked away
He aimed his truck toward that Wyoming line—
With a little luck, he could still get there in time
And in that Cheyenne wind, he could still hear her say

She said, "Don't bother coming home
By the time you get here I'll be long gone
There's somebody new and he sure ain't no rodeo man."
He said, "I'm sorry it's come down to this
There's so much about you that I'm gonna miss
But it's alright baby, if I hurry I can still make Cheyenne
Gotta go now baby, if I hurry I can still make Cheyenne

She never knew what his calls might bring—
With a cowboy like him, it could be anything
And she always expected the worst in the back of her 

I wanna dance with you
Twirl you all around the floor
That's what they intended dancing for
I just wanna dance with you
I wanna dance with you
Hold you in my arms once more
That's what they invented dancing for
And I just wanna dance with you

I caught you looking at me when I looked at you
Yes I did, ain't that true?
You won't get embarrassed by the things I do
I just wanna dance with you
Oh, the boys are playing softly and the girls are too
So am I and so are you
If this was a movie, we'd be right on cue
And I just wanna dance with you
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
I wanna dance with you
Twirl you all around the floor
That's what they intended dancing for
And I just wanna dance with you
I wanna dance with you
Hold you in my arms once more
That's what they invented dancing for
And I just wanna dance with you

I wanna dance with you
Twirl you all around the floor
That's what they intended dancing for
I just wanna dance with you
I wanna dance with you
Hold you in my arms once more
That's what they invented dancing for
And I just wanna dance with you

I just wanna dance with you
I just wanna dance with you
I just wanna dance with 
1 ContributorInto You Like a Train Lyrics(JOE'S BAR)
(Meredith alone at the bar, drinking tequila again)
Meredith: I actually said "Pick me." Right? I did? "Pick me"?
Joe: I think it's romantic.
Meredith: It's not romantic, Joe, it's horrifying. Horror movie horrifying. Carrie at the prom with the pig's blood horrifying.
Joe: Ok, fine, it's horrifying. But Carrie took out an entire senior class as revenge. Gotta say, I like that in a girl.
Meredith: I said "Pick me."
(Izzie, George and Cristina also in the bar)
Cristina: When you tell someone "I'll meet you later at a bar tonight," how long exactly does that mean you're supposed to wait?
George: Do you think he's really not coming?
Izzie: It is getting a little hard to watch.
Cristina: It was hard to watch an hour ago. Now it's just pathetic.
Meredith: Who's pathetic?
(George & Izzie give Cristina a look. Cristina looks away)
Cristina: What?
Meredith (slightly inebriated): You, who pretend to be my friends are calling me pathetic behind my back in front of my face. (George points to Cristina as if to say her, not me) Why don't you just dump the pig's blood on me now and get it over with?
(The door bell jingles as someone walks into the bar. It's Tyler the male scrub nurse. He gives a nod to them. Someone's pager goes off)
Meredith (to herself): He's really not coming.
(George's pager goes off. In fact every doctor's pager starts going off)
Bar Patron: Joe, turn up the TV!
(Bar TV is showing a train wreck)
TV: A massive train wreck occurred just outside of Seattle just minutes ago.
Cristina (looking at her pager): 911.
Izzie: We just worked a 30 hour shift.
George: I don't have any clean underwear.
(They all start packing up their bags)
TV: The Vancouver-bound train was carrying over 300 passengers.
Joe: Looks ugly.
TV: Paramedics are on scene helping victims.
(He notices that Meredith is also getting ready to leave)
Joe: You're leaving? No, no, no, you can't leave.
Meredith: Sorry, gotta go tend to someone else's train wreck.
Joe: You gotta at least stay for a cup of coffee. You're in no shape to cut people open. Plus, (he gestures about the whole M&D situation) I don't wanna miss the ending.
Cristina (calls from the door): Meredith?
Meredith: Maybe it's for the best. Maybe I don't wanna know.
(She makes towards the door)
Joe: That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Meredith: Bye Joe.
MVO: In general... people can be categorized in one of two ways.
(Emergency entrance)
Paramedic: He was in the front of the train.
MVO: Those who love surprises, and those who don't.
(The interns and other doctors run up)
MVO: I don't.
(Derek finally enters Joe's, and looks for Meredith)
Joe: Dude, you're late.
TV: Once again, a massive train wreck occurred just outside of Seattle minutes ago.
(The interns are changing into scrubs in the elevator)
MVO: I've never met a surgeon that enjoys a surprise, because, as surgeons we like to be in the know. We have to be in the know. Because when we aren't, people die and lawsuits happen. Am I rambling? I think I'm rambling.
(Exit elevator)
Cristina (to George): I think I saw a pneumothorax. I hope I get a pneumothorax.
(They start grabbing some yellow gowns putting them on except Meredith)
Alex: Hey. Thought you weren't talking to me.
Izzie: Thought you could use a friend, so I'm rising above.
Alex: Why would you think that?
Izzie: Um, because you freaked out in the elevator.
Alex: I didn't freak out.
Izzie: And missed your chance to perform open-heart surgery.
Alex: O'Malley plugged the hole with his finger.
Izzie (sighs): I thought you could use someone to talk to.
Alex: Well, I don't.
Izzie: To someone who actually cares ...
Alex (interrupts): Yes, I get that, but don't ...
(Bailey enters, still dressed in her dress and heels)
George (in shock): Oh!
Bailey: What are you looking at?
(Bailey walks to Alex and hands him her jacket and purse)
Bailey: Hey, you, go get me my damn shoes. Let's move, people.
Meredith: Hello. I seem to be a little bit drunk. I was off duty.
Bailey: So was I! (To the others) Anybody else half in the bottle?
(They all shake their head no. George checks his breath to make sure)
Bailey: All right then. Grey just stay out of the way. I'll deal with you later. The rest of you, stick with me and wait for your assignments. (Cristina moves behind to tie up the back of Bailey's gown) Now you get all aquiver at the sight of blood, and organs but it's gonna be a long night and you already tired. I don't want any mistakes.
(Cristina is still tying up the gown)
Bailey (to Cristina): Come on now!
Cristina: I'm done. I'm done.
(They enter the ER that is full of patients)
Cristina: I'm so not tired anymore.
George: Me neither. I'm not tired either.
(Meredith sees Addison with a pregnant patient who is burned pretty badly and walks slowly to a wall and watches)
Addison: I've got a 3rd trimester burn victim here Dr. Bailey and I'm gonna need some help.
(Izzie, George & Cristina all put up their hand eagerly)
Bailey: Ah. Izzie, go.
(George and Cristina shoulders sag. Izzie is excited)
Izzie: Yes! Have a nice nap.
Addison (to patient): Have you had any contractions?
(Tyler the scrub nurse walks into the pit still dressed in his casual clothes from the bar. He sees Meredith standing against the wall)
Tyler: Oh hey. Joe told me to tell you that McSteamy came looking for you.
Meredith (perks a bit at this news): You mean McDreamy. Joe said McDreamy came looking for me?
Tyler: No. I'm pretty sure it was McSteamy.
(Derek enters)
George (to Cristina): Does that mean he picked her?
Cristina: If it does, I just lost 50 bucks.
(Paramedic rushes in holding a leg)
Paramedic: Got the leg!
(He holds up a severed leg. George and Cristina stare)
Cristina (almost groans): I want the leg.
(Tony a paramedic & Richard wheel in a guy who has a severed right leg through emergency double doors)
Tony: He's lost a lot of blood at the scene. Pressure dressings applied. 2 large boar IVs started.
Richard: Anything for the pain?
Tony: Base ordered morphine. 5 mgs given so far.
Richard: Dr. Bailey who you got?
(Both George & Cristina put up their hands eagerly almost whacking Dr. Bailey)
Bailey: Ah! Cristina. Go.
Cristina: Yes!
(She goes off running towards the severed leg guy. George slumps defeated)
Richard: Rule out other injuries and book an O.R.
(Cristina nods eagerly and starts wheeling of severed leg guy. Derek comes up to Richard)
Derek: Dr. Webber!
Richard: We have a train wreck Derek. We need all hands on deck. Now clear me for surgery or you're fired.
Derek: Any headaches today?
Richard: No!
Derek: Dizziness? Nausea? Blurred vision?
Richard: No! No! No and no. Now can you get out of my way?
(Richard starts walking away)
Derek: Fine. But I'm coming with you. (Richard gives Derek a look) Or I'm fired. Up to you.
(He gestures fine but doesn't look happy and walks off down the hall. Derek follows making eye contact with Meredith as he passes her, nodding slightly) George comes up to Meredith)
George: Was that a nod?
Meredith: Yes.
George: Do we know what it meant?
Meredith: No.
George (seeing another patient wheel by an intern): Am I invisible?
MVO: Ok, so my point actually ... and I do have one. Has nothing to do with surprises or death or lawsuits or even surgeons.
(Alex comes into the pit with Dr. Bailey's normal work shoes, which by the way don't look very practical. She puts them on, removing her heels)
MVO: My point is this: whoever said what you don't know can't hurt you was a complete and total moron. Because for most people I know, not knowing is the worst feeling in the world.
(Unbelievably two people from the wreck are sitting on a gurney together with a metal pole sticking through their abdomens. They are facing each other almost as if hugging. An older black man and young blond woman. Meredith sees this)
MVO: Ok, fine, maybe it's the second worst.
(Cut to trauma room 1 where the two people who have a pole through them are being checked on. Meredith is in there as well. A paramedic, Jill is outside talking to Dr. Burke and Dr. Bailey who are also amazed)
Jill: His BP is looking steady at 90 over pal. She's had 2 hypotensive episodes to the low seventies.
Burke: You couldn't get a saw in there?
Jill: Not without moving them.
Bailey: Which would have been a very bad idea.
(Pan inside to Meredith looking in amazement at the pole people. The blonde woman, one of the pole duo, Bonnie sees Meredith's curiosity)
Bonnie: Is this the craziest thing you ever seen?
Meredith: Uh. ... Yeah.
Bonnie: Yeah. Me too.
(Dr. Bailey gives Meredith a look to stay away from the patients. Meredith scurries off to the side where George & Alex are)
Jill: Ok, then. You guys got it from here?
Bailey: Hey uh ... you were at the scene?
Jill (nods): Won't be too bad for you. Lot of carnage. Not a lot of survivors.
(She walks off. Bonnie sees Dr. Burke and Dr. Bailey talking and appears agitated)
Burke: They're never gonna fit into CT. We're gonna be flying blind. Get x-rays and labs and page me the minute you're done.
Bonnie (calls out): Excuse me!
(Dr. Burke & Dr. Bailey walk into the trauma room)
Burke: Hi. I'm Dr. Burke. You shouldn't turn your head. You want to try and move as little as possible.
Bonnie: Oh ok. ... So are you gonna pull this pole out of us anytime soon?
Tom: Touch uncomfortable.
Burke (smiles): I'm sorry we can't until we get a better look on what's going on internally. But I assure you we will work as quickly as possible.
Bonnie: Well, in that case, does anybody have a breath mint?
(Dr. Burke smiles. Tom squints his eyebrows in question at her)
Bonnie: For me. Not for you.
(He smiles. She smiles back)
Burke (whispers to Bailey): Get them going
Bailey (nods): Uh O'Malley. Get them an X-ray.
George: Reall... (He nods. He gestures to Meredith to tie his gown) Thanks.
Bailey: Move them extremely carefully.
George (whispers to Meredith): This never would've happened before the elevator.
(Alex overhears and looks annoyed at this)
Meredith: You go George.
(George moves to the gurney. Dr. Bailey, Meredith & Alex walk out of the trauma room)
Bailey: Alex, cover the E.R. You can do sutures while you get over your new found fear of scalpels.
(Alex goes off)
Meredith (smiling still drunk): That was mean. Even for you.
Bailey (makes a face): You are drunk. Go, Go get yourself a banana bag IV and put it in your arm and then find me. Do not speak to any more patients. Do not practice any medicine.
Meredith (gestures tipsy): Well should I just go home?
Bailey: Well unless you drank the whole liquor bottle you'll be sober in a few hours. And the IV fluids will head off your hangover. Then you can assist with the many mangled victims you see spread out before you. Besides if I'm not going home, nobody's going home.
(She walks off and mutters to herself)
Bailey: 10 years of marriage and I didn't even get to finish my damn lobster.
(Cut to George with other doctors wheeling Bonnie & Tom really slowly through the hallway to the X-ray lab)
George: Well is there any one you'd like me to call?
Tom: No they called my wife from the ambulance.
Bonnie: And my fianc'. They're flying down from Vancouver together.
Tom: Normally, Amanda would be a tad upset to find me pressed up against another woman. (Bonnie laughs) But in this case I think I'll get a pass.
George: You two weren't traveling together?
Bonnie: No. We just met.
Tom: Bit of an awkward introduction.
Bonnie: You have very nice pores.
Tom (chuckles): Oh. Hurts to laugh.
(There is large queue waiting to get x-rays done. George taps an intern with a patient in a wheelchair)
George: Hey.
Intern: Hey. (The intern recoils when he sees Tom & Bonnie) Whoa. You can go ahead.
George: Oh. Thanks.
(George gestures for doctors to move B&T. George moves onto the next in line a female blonde intern. He clears his throat behind her and she turns around and sees the pole people)
Intern: Oh wow.
George: Do you think uh I could ...
Intern: Oh yeah go ahead.
(They make it into the x-ray room 1)
(Cut to Maternity hospital room where the burned pregnant women named Brooke is now in a hospital bed. Addison is viewing the machine for contractions. Izzie is treating the burns but keeps staring at Addison. Addison notice's this)
Addison: Dr. Stevens, do you need something?
Izzie: No.
(She goes back to treating the burns)
Brooke: Ow!
Izzie (stops): Oh I'm sorry am I doing this ...
Brooke: Ow! Oh. Ow. (She looks at Addison) Did ... was that a ...did I have ...?
Addison (looking at the print out): Contraction. It was definitely a contraction. We need to book an OR (Izzie nods and heads off) Look you are in no shape to push and the baby is still in some distress. You're going to have to proceed with a C-section.
Brooke: Ok. ... Ok but can we call a lawyer first? (Addison is confused) I don't have a will. And there's no father. And in case something happens to me ...
Addison: There's no cause for a panic Brooke. We have some time, ok?
Brooke: Ok.
(Cut to Izzie walking through the E.R. ward. Alex watches her walk by. He is suturing the forehead of a woman named Mary. Her friend Yvonne is standing in front of her bed. Yvonne's mobile rings)
Yvonne: Hello. Oh, oh, oh, no, no, no we fine. Yeah some redneck tried to out run the train. Honey the train slammed into his ass and then it rolled.
Alex (to Mary): That hurt?
(Mary mmm's no)
Yvonne: No, no, no, no, no that dude is toast. Honey, him and about 200 other people. And Mary got her face all cut up.
Alex: Hurt anywhere else?
Mary (points to her abdomen): Here. A whole bunch of luggage when they hit the brakes just came flying at us.
(Alex lifts up her gown and there is bruising there)
Alex: Ok I'll take you for an x-ray. See if anything's broken. Any internal injuries.
Mary: Ok.
(Alex and scrubs nurse start moving Mary's gurney. Yvonne notices this)
Yvonne: Yeah you know wait I'm going to have to call you back. (She hangs up her phone and calls out to Alex) Hey! Hey! Excuse me. Excuse me. Um, where you going?
Alex: I'm taking your friend for an x-ray.
Yvonne: Ah. (she chuckles) No offense little boy but uh you look like my oldest son. And he's nothing but trouble.
Mary: Yvonne, shut up.
Yvonne: What? I said no offense. I'm just saying are you sure you a doctor?
(Alex looks peeved at this. Yvonne is interrupted by her phone ringing and she picks it up)
Yvonne: Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, we fine. Yeah this redneck tried to outrun the train.
(Alex and the nurse continue wheeling Mary away)
(Cut to Izzie coming out a trauma room. She hears Meredith in the ER. behind some curtains going Ow)
Meredith: Ow ... Ow ... Ow ...
(Izzie pulls back the curtains and sees Meredith trying to insert an IV into her self)
Izzie: What're you doing?
Meredith: Trying to insert my banana bag. (Izzie smiles) Which sounds vaguely dirty but it isn't.
Izzie (pulling the curtain closed): I can do it.
(Izzie starts to putting in the IV for Meredith)
Meredith:: So, how's going with Addison? Bad mood? Good mood? Yay my husband picked me mood?
Izzie: Ah I think it's the more of the 'I hate the smell of charred flesh mood'.
Meredith: Before you judge me. I know there was a train accident. People are very badly hurt. And that I'm a vapid narcissist when you mix me with alcohol. (Izzie smiles) In case you were wondering. I know that.
Izzie: Well, for what it's worth, I take issue with her salmon colored scrubs. I mean what self respecting surgeon wears salmon colored scrubs?
Meredith (nods): This is what I'm saying.
Izzie: Yeah.
(She chuckles and leaves)
(Cut to the OR where Derek and Richard are repairing the nerves of the guy's leg. Cristina is off to the side cleaning the severed leg)
Richard (calls out): Yang. How's that wound looking?
Cristina: Pretty clean. Some dirt and gravel mostly.
Richard (to Derek): This guy was lucky. It's a guillotine injury. We do this right he'll have full use of his leg. (To another doctor) Um more irrigation right there.
(A pager goes off. There is a tray filled with various pagers. A doctor picks it up and reads it)
Doctor: Dr. Shepherd.
(Richard lifts his head up and starts blinking in the light like his head hurts. Derek notices this)
Derek: It'll wait.
Richard: Hmm. I'm fine Derek. Just adjusting to the light.
Derek (shakes his head): I'm saying that there's no shame in taking a little more time off. Doesn't make you old or tired or rusty, it ... (Richard gives him a look) Yeah ok that came out wrong.
Richard: You're the only attending neurosurgeon and you're obviously needed elsewhere. And I'm fine here.
Doctor: Dr. Shepherd?
(Derek nods at Richard and steps away from the surgery)
Derek: Ok. Page me if you need me.
(Derek leaves)
Richard: When you finished cleaning that wound you can help me here Dr. Yang.
(Cristina looks concerned about something, looking at the severed leg and then back at the surgery)
Richard: Is the wound clean, Yang?
Cristina: Yes sir. (She looks back at the severed leg) I ... but ...
Richard: But what? (She looks back at Richard who speaks angrily) If your plan is to be a watchdog for Dr. Shepherd or if you think your job here is to baby-sit me then you can think again. I've been a surgeon longer than you've been breathing. And if I were not ready to be in this OR, I would say so. Is that understood?
Cristina: Yes sir.
Richard: Now do we have a problem Yang?
Cristina: Uh yes! (He gives her look) No sir. I mean I'm thrilled to learn and I'm grateful to be here it's just (she glances back at the severed leg) that ah ... (she wheels over the severed leg) Sorry. His legs.
(She lifts up the sheet covering the patient's intact leg)
Cristina: They're both left.
Richard (annoyed): Find the man's leg, Yang. Find it now.
Cristina: Yes, sir.
(She heads out)
(Cut to the X-ray observation room. George & Dr. Bailey are standing looking at the scans. Dr. Burke is sitting on a chair looking at them on a computer screen. Meredith is just standing off to the side with her banana bag IV)
George: Is, is it going straight through her spine?
Bailey: It is. T8's completely crushed.
(Derek walks in)
Derek: Hey. (He notices Meredith with her bag) What happened?
Meredith: Uh, tequila.
(He nods)
Bailey: I'm keeping an eye on her.
(He nods again and then notices the x-rays)
Derek: Look at this. These people are still alive?
George: They're still making small talk.
Bailey: Pole's tamponading the wound as far as we can see.
Derek (looking at the x-ray): It's hitting the aorta.
Burke: And look at him. It's right in line with his inferior vena cava.
George: Is there anyway to operate without separating them?
(Dr. Burke shakes his head)
Derek: No.
George: But if we move the poll ...
Bailey: They'll both bleed out.
Burke: What if we don't move the poll? What if we move one of the patients off the poll to get the saw in there? Then we can hold the pole steady in the other one. Move it very slowly and repair the damage as we go.
George: Who? Which would you move?
(Derek glances at Meredith who stares back at him)
Burke: With her aortic injuries, her chances of survival are extremely slim no matter what we do. But if we move her, we have a real shot of saving him.
Derek: Well I could argue since her injuries are so extensive we should move him. Give her the best shot we can.
Meredith: So basically whoever you move doesn't stand a chance? (They all glance at her unsettled) So how do you choose? How do you decide who gets to live?
(Outside SGH)
(Hallway)
(Cut to Derek and Burke walking down the hallway talking. Bailey and Meredith are walking behind them a few feet a way)
Burke: We have to make this call soon if we want our shot of saving either one of them.
Derek: I'd like to examine them before I weigh in.
Burke: I'll wait for your page.
Derek: Thank you.
(Dr. Burke walks off. Derek turns around and attempts to talk to Meredith)
Derek: Dr. Grey ...
Bailey (interrupts): Uh Dr. Grey needs to get herself a blood alcohol test before practicing any medicine tonight.
Meredith: What? No. I'm totally fine. Look. (She starts putting her arms out and then bringing her finger tips to her nose. Derek looks amused. Bailey gives him a look) Totally fine.
Derek (to Bailey): Right, ok.
(He wanders off)
Meredith: I'm fine.
Bailey: Regretting that last shooter about now aren't you?
(Cut to Cristina rummaging through an ambulance outside, tearing it apart)
Jill the paramedic: What are you doing in here?
Cristina: Uh the leg you brought in with the amputee...
Jill: I didn't bring in an amputee.
Cristina: Ok well uh one of you did and it's ah...
Jill (chuckles interrupting): Because all paramedics look alike to you, right ... Doctor?
Cristina: Ok, really, ah um I can not straddle another giant ego right now. I'm already doing the splits so I need a right leg, right now, or the chief of surgery is going to take away my pretty blue scrubs.
Jill: When the train de-railed it hit an overpass. The roof of the dining car was sheared off and it sliced through a passenger car. There were multiple decapitations. Your guy can live without his leg.
Cristina: This is so not about the leg. Or the guy. But thank you. (She starts walking back into the hospital but turns around sarcastic) For all that you do. Really. Thanks.
(Cut back to ER ward where Yvonne is still on the phone being annoying. Alex is treating a pregnant woman named Jana in a neck brace who is in the bed next to Mary. Alex annoyed closes though curtain in Yvonne's face so he doesn't have to see her)
Alex: All right. Scars shouldn't be too bad.
Jana: Can you tell me? My friend ... she's pregnant too. She was put in a different ambulance. She was burnt. Do you know where she is?
Alex: If she's not down here she should be up in maternity.
Jana: Ok. I need to see her.
(Jana starts getting out of her hospital bed)
Alex: Hold on. We're not finished here. We still have to do a full check.
Jana: My baby's fine. I can feel her kicking. I gotta see Brooke.
(Jana starts walking off with her IV)
Alex (walking quickly after her): Uh wait you can't just leave like that. Just wait ... come here, come here.
(Camera pans back through a window to an adjacent hallway that can look into the ER ward. George and Meredith are sitting below the window)
Meredith: Ow.
(George is giving an IV to take a sample of Meredith's blood)
Meredith: Ow. Shh.
George: Sorry.
Meredith: So you operated on a heart earlier George. You think you could draw a little blood.
George: I rocked that heart.
Meredith: Yeah you did.
George: I think I'm strung out on the scalpel.
Meredith (smiling): Nothing wrong with that.
George: So any news? About ...
Meredith: No. I can't read him.
George: You know, I think, I think it's pretty amazing you even gave him the choice. And I think for what it's worth I think he's crazy if he doesn't pick you.
(Cristina comes up hurriedly up to them)
Cristina: Please tell me you've seen a right leg. A cleanly severed right leg?
George: No.
(Cristina hurries off)
Meredith: How weird is this job?
George: Weird.
(Cut to Jana walking fast into Brooke's maternity room. Addison is in there. Izzie is outside at the nurse's station)
Jana: Brooke!
Brooke: Jana? (Jana walks up to Brooke and they smile) Thank god.
(Alex walks in after Jana. Addison comes to the door to speak to him. Izzie walks up to the door behind Alex)
Addison: Dr. Karev?
Alex: I couldn't stop her ...
Addison (cuts him off): She was on the train?
Alex: Yeah, yes.
Addison (slightly angry): You did an ultrasound? (Alex is silent) Cleared her C-spine? Is there any reason you can think that this patient should be wandering around the hospital unattended?
Alex: She's not unattended. I came up with her. She's, she's ...
Addison (interrupts angry): You can leave now. ... Dr. Karev.
(Alex walks off upset. Addison walks up to Izzie)
Addison: Irresponsible. Even for an intern. (Izzie gives her a look) What you disagree?
Izzie: She wanted to see her friend. I mean what was he supposed to do tackle her?
Addison: Dr. Stevens, why don't you get our new patient into a bed? Shall we?
(Izzie nods and they walk to Brooke & Jana)
(Cut to a trauma room where Derek is testing to see if Bonnie has any feeling in her feet)
Derek: Can you feel that Miss Krasnoff?
Bonnie: Hmm. You're a cute Doctor. Cute doctors get to call me by my first name.
Derek (smiling): Bonnie?
Bonnie (smiles): Mmm.
Derek: Ok, Bonnie. Do you feel that Bonnie?
Bonnie: Can I feel what? Oh well I guess that's a no.
(George enters the room)
George: Excuse me, Dr Shepherd?
Derek: Yes?
George: I got the labs.
Derek: Oh great. Thank you. (He takes the labs of George and hands him a patient's chart) Here you go. Hold that please.
(He looks over the labs)
Derek: Could you try to wiggle your toes Mr. Maynard?
(Tom wiggles his toes but due to his position can't see)
Tom: Are they moving?
Derek: Yes, they are.
Tom (half chuckles happy): Oh good. That's good right?
Derek: Yes it is. Yes. It is.
Bonnie: What about me? Are mine moving?
(Derek moves to have a closer look. They're not moving. George also sees this)
Derek: Yes, they are.
Bonnie (smiles in relief): Yay me.
(George looks at Derek questioningly, but Derek says nothing)
Tom: Dr ... ah Shepherd is it?
Derek: Yes it is.
Tom: Dr. Shepherd ... Bonnie and I ... are we gonna live through this?
Bonnie: Now that's just morose Tom.
Tom: I'm sorry dear. (To Derek) ... Doctor?
Derek: We're gonna do everything we can Mr. Maynard.
(Cut back to OR with Richard and the amputee. Cristina comes in with a red garbage bag with a leg inside it. She hands it over to another Doctor)
Richard: About time Yang. I was starting think here my work would be wasted.
Cristina: So sorry. It wasn't easy to find. I took the liberty of checking the wound and it's very clean cut. Well preserved.
Doctor: Ah, Dr. Webber ...
(She shows him the amputated right leg. He looks at it. It's a shaven leg with red nail polish on the toe nails, a female leg. Richard looks annoyed and looks over at Cristina who is getting re-scrubbed up)
Cristina: Sir?
Richard: Notice anything else about that leg? Anything other than that very clean cut. (Cristina looks confused) Did you happen to notice for example that it was shaved recently? And manicured? (Angry now) Take a look at my patient, Dr. Yang! Does he look like a man who woke up and shaved one of his legs this morning?
Cristina (backing out of the O.R slowly): No. I'll go find the um right ... the right, right leg. The right, right ...
Richard (interrupts): Thank you!
(Cut to George & Derek looking at the pole people's scans again. Dr. Burke & Bailey walk in)
Burke: Where are we?
Derek: You were right. Her vitals are erratic. Pulse is weak. Spine severed. I was hoping it didn't hit from that angle. It just can't miss the aorta.
Bailey: What about him? Think he can live?
Derek: He's got better odds.
Bailey (to George): Alright. Let OR 1 know we're coming.
(George starts walking off)
Burke: Oh and O'Malley. (George stops) Close off the gallery. We don't need an audience for this.
George: She's cracking jokes. How do you tell somebody that she's gonna be dead in a few minutes when she's sitting up cracking jokes?
(They all look at George sad. George walks off)
(Cut back to ER ward where Alex is walking to a talk to a nurse. He is interrupted by Yvonne who is sitting down next to Mary, lying her head on Mary's bed)
Yvonne: Excuse me. Is there any chance that we can get out sometime this year?
Alex: Well the labs backed up (Yvonne rolls her eyes) and so is radiology. Can't discharge your friend until I'm certain she doesn't have any internal injuries.
(Yvonne's mobile starts ringing again and she answers. Alex starts talking with the nurse)
Yvonne: Hello? Yeah we still here. Cause the Doctor is friggin useless (Alex looks over at this) Mmm hmm.
(Alex walks off and passes Cristina who's at the corner of a hallway on a telephone)
Cristina: I realize you're dealing with a lot of carnage. I'm, I'm asking if you could maybe ... sift through some that carnage and find it ... (there's a click noise and then dial tone) Hello? (She hangs up the phone frustrated) Damn it.
(Dr. Burke up to her in the hallway)
Burke: Cristina. You paged me?
Cristina (upset): If I don't find this leg, the chief is gonna cut me from this program. And I cannot go back home, Burke. It is too sunny in Los Angeles. It's sunny everyday!
Burke: And you paged me because?
Cristina (loud): I need you to help me find the leg! I checked the board. You're not in surgery right? (Burke looks confused) You're my boyfriend. I mean... I know I don't have much experience with this kind of thing but (Dr. Burke tries not to smile) aren't boyfriends supposed to help in situations like this.
Burke (serious): Cristina, when we're on duty I can't be your boyfriend.
Cristina: Okay, so ah when we're on duty I can have s*x with some one else?
Burke: Dr. Yang. I'm walking away now.
(He starts walking off)
Cristina: Fine. Fine! But when the chief cuts me, you might re-think this!
(Cut to Alex & Meredith standing at on open doorway facing each other resting against the edges outside the Blood labs)
Meredith: Addison yelled at you in front of a patient?
Alex: She didn't exactly yell. (Meredith just looks at him expectantly. He sighs) Fine. She's Satan's whore.
Meredith: Thank you. ... So did you yell back?
Alex: No.
Meredith: Dude, you lost your mojo.
Alex: Excuse you?
Meredith: I was trying to talk boy.
Alex (frustrated): O'Malley plugs a hole with his finger and everyone walks around like he's some kind of hero. I have one off day.
Meredith: You chickened out.
Alex (chuckles): I hesitated briefly.
Meredith: Why didn't you kiss Izzie?
Alex (stops smiling): And now I'm leaving.
(He moves to walk off but Cristina comes running up to them upset)
Cristina: It's not in the morgue. I've looked in the ambulances and the E.R. How's one bloody hairy leg gonna destroy my career?
(She runs off. Meredith looks at Alex as if to say 'what was that?')
Lab Tech (from Blood Lab bench): Dr. Karev.
(Alex wanders over, takes the labs and starts walking off)
Meredith: I hope you find your mojo, Alex. I find you disturbing without it.
Alex (calls back): Me too.
(Meredith leans back against the doorway and hits her head)
Meredith: Ow.

(Trauma room)
(Bailey, George & Derek are in there with Bonnie & Tom who are looking apprehensive)
Derek: This is hard, because your body is in a certain amount of shock. It's preventing you from feeling pain. (Burke walks in) Feeling the extent of your injuries.
Bonnie (softly): Dr. Shepherd. We have a metal pole cutting a path through our insides. I don't know about Tom here, but I didn't expect to walk out of here anytime soon. (George looks upset) So ... whatever it is you have to say just please ... say it.
Derek: Okay Bonnie. (he nods slightly) ... In order to operate on Mr. Maynard, we have to separate you two. In order to do that, we have to move you backwards off the pole.
Tom: Can't you just pull the pole out of both of us?
(Derek shakes his head no slightly at Bonnie)
Burke: Well if we did that, you would both start bleeding very quickly. Too quickly. Right now the pole is plugging the wounds. Once removed, the organs will shift and there's a great deal of damage.
Bonnie (trying not to cry): So if you move me, I'll die?
(There's a little bit of silence)
Derek: We're gonna do everything we can to ...
(Bonnie starts crying softly)
Tom (interrupts): No. No. If anyone body has to go it should be me. You just move ...
Burke (interrupts): No. Mr. Maynard ... Mr. Maynard your injuries are less extensive. (Dr. Shepherd takes Bonnie's hand and rubs it soothingly) If we pull the pole from you as we operate around it, we have a better chance at repairing the damage.
Tom: It's not right. It's not fair.
Bonnie (smiling sadly): Shh Tom. It's not fair either way. ... Is ah, is my Danny ... is he here yet?
George: There are delays at the airport, ah the storm.
Bailey: Uh we could wait but ah the longer we do the higher the risk of infection for the ...
Bonnie (interrupts sad): No, no. This is better. Huh. Danny, he wouldn't understand. I've had a couple of hours to, you know, (She takes a deep breath) process all of this. But if, if he had to see me ... talk to me like this ... well, I just think it would be too hard.
(Cut to Brooke & Jana's maternity hospital room. Brooke is lying on her side in bed and Jana is sitting next to her on a chair doing deep breathing with her. Izzie is administering an injection on Brooke with Addison watching)
Addison: Right there. In between the vertebral spaces. Don't be shy about pressure.
Jana (to Brooke): That's good. You are doing so good.
(Patricia, Richard's assistant pops into the room with some clip boards)
Patricia: Somebody called for a notary?
Brooke: I asked for a lawyer.
Patricia: I couldn't get one at this time of night but the hospital has pretty standard forms. It just says in the case of death or permanent vegetative state, that your child will remain the custody of ... and then we'll put her name in.
Jana: Wait, uh what? (To Addison) Who's dying here?
Addison: There's some danger. With any surgery, there's danger. But with the trauma of Brooke's burns there's an additional risk of shock. She just wants to be certain.
Jana: That's ridiculous. (To Brooke) You're being ridiculous. You're gonna be fine, do you hear me?
Brooke: I hear you but we still have to sign the forms unless you want our son to end up with my mom.
(Jana takes the forms of Patricia and hands some to Brooke. They start signing them)
Izzie: How long have you two been together?
Brooke: Since third grade.
Jana: We're not lovers. We're best friends. We just wanted our kids to have two parents. So we got a sperm donor.
Addison: The same donor? So you're babies are brother and sister?
(Jana nods)
Patricia: Oh how cool is that.
(Izzie and Addison smile)
Izzie: It's ah ... wow.
(Jana's water breaks)
Jana: Wet.
Izzie: What?
Patricia (looking down): Oh.
Jana: I'm wet.
Izzie: Oh god.
Jana: I think my water just broke.
(Cut to Alex in ER ward. He walks up to Mary's bed. Yvonne is still sitting in the chair and resting her head on Mary's bed but looks asleep)
Alex: Good news. You've a got a broken rib but we're gonna give you some pain killers and uh (Yvonne's really annoying ring tone starts going off again) after that you should be good to go.
Mary: Thank you. (The phone continues to ring but Yvonne doesn't move to answer it) Yvonne, answer your phone. (Alex looks annoyed but continues to look at his chart. Mary concerned sits up) Yvonne. Yvonne?
(She gently shakes her but Yvonne falls to the floor of the hospital floor unconscious)
Mary: Yvonne!
(Alex rushes to Yvonne's side checking her pulse)
Alex: Code blue! I need some help over here.
Mary: Yvonne!
(Cut to a trauma room where Yvonne is lying on a hospital gurney. Alex is performing CPR. A nurse and ER resident is also there. Mary is standing at the door panicked)
Alex: Push one of epi. Holds CPR.
Nurse: Her abdomen is distended. It's rock solid. She's lost too much blood. She's been bleeding for hours.
Mary: There's no blood. She's not bleeding.
Nurse: She was bleeding internally.
Alex: She didn't say anything. She wasn't ... she wasn't even a patient. ... I didn't know.
Nurse: Dr. Karev, she's gone.
Mary: No. No. No. (Alex stops CPR) No, no, no! Yvonne!
Alex: I'm sorry. Time of death, 2:51
Mary: No, no, no, no, no. No! (Alex takes off his yellow gown and walks out)
Try again. Try again.
(Seattle Scenes)
(SGH, HOSPITAL ROOM)
(Cut to Brooke & Jana both lying in hospital beds next to each other. Jana is breathing fast. Izzie is looking over a chart. Addison and OB resident is there as well)
Addison: Jana, this our OB resident Dr. Hoffman. She's going to be taking care of you from here.
Jana: Uh huh.
Dr. Hoffman: You're doing great Jana. Just keep breathing. I'm gonna check your cervix now.
Addison: Brooke we've booked an O.R but they're not gonna hold it for long so we need to go now.
Brooke: Right now? But we're supposed to be together. We took classes.
Addison: I'm sorry but we can't wait.
Jana: That's ok Brookie. You go have your C-section and enjoy those drugs this is already not fun for my v*g1n*.
Addison (motions for Izzie to start moving Brooke's bed): Dr. Stevens?
Brooke (indicating Izzie): No if I have to go, she has to stay. Someone has to stay with Jana. Please.
Addison: Brooke uh Dr. Stevens is a surgeon but I'm gonna find you some ...
Izzie (interrupts): It's ok. I'll stay.
Addison: Ok.
(Brooke smiles her thanks to Izzie. Addison starts moving Brooke's bed out of the room)
Jana: Brookie, you stay alive ok?
Brooke: You too.
(Cut to Alex pacing outside the entrance to the ER upset, frustrated and angry. He sits on a bench against the wall)
Alex: Damn it!
(He puts his head in hands. Stan the paramedic walks up to him with a plastic bag)
Stan: Hey Doc!
Alex (angry yells): What?!?
Stan: Easy killer. Jill said you guys were freaking out looking for this leg.
Alex (looks at the leg suddenly excited): Thank you.
(Alex takes the leg and heads back into the hospital)
Stan: No problem.
Alex: Right on.
(Cut to OR where Cristina walks back in without the leg looking resigned)
Cristina: Chief Webber. I'm extremely sorry, I tried to look everywhere, but I ... (She looks at the surgery and sees that the leg is there and being re-attached) Oh you found the leg?
Alex (turns around from the surgery): I found the leg.
Richard: You missed out on this one Yang but I'm sure they could use a hand down in the ER (Cristina looks shocked and pissed at Alex) Karev & I can handle it from here.
(Cristina leaves the OR)
(Cut to OR. where Bonnie & Tom are being prepped for their surgery. There are many doctors there as well)
Bonnie (speaks very softly): Can I ask you a question?
Tom: Mmm hmm.
Bonnie: Do you believe in heaven?
Tom: I do. ... Don't you?
Bonnie (teary): I want too.
Tom: Bonnie...I just wanna say ...
Bonnie (interrupts whispering): Shh. I know. I know.
(Dr. Adams & Derek walk into the OR)
Derek: This is Dr. Adams, our anesthesiologist. When you're ready, he's gonna put you to sleep.
Bonnie: So it's not gonna hurt?
Dr. Adams: It won't hurt a bit.
Bonnie: Good. That's good. ... Dr. Shepherd?
Derek: Yes?
Bonnie: You're gonna be the one to talk to my Danny, right?
Derek: Yes.
Bonnie: Ok.
Derek: Ok. ... What would you like me to tell him?
(Derek leans in to hear what Bonnie wants him to say. Camera pans across through window into cleansing/sterilizing room. George, Dr. Bailey & Dr. Burke are getting washed up and looking into the OR)
Bailey: Why do I feel we're about to kill this girl?
(Meredith walks into the room)
Meredith: Dr. Bailey, my labs are in.
Bailey: Sober?
Meredith: Can I scrub in?
Burke: Do it fast.
(Dr. Burke leaves and Meredith starts prepping herself. Dr. Bailey leaves as Derek enters the room. George looks at this and looks at Meredith)
Meredith (whispers): George!
George: Right.
(He leaves the room and heads into the OR)
Meredith: Hey.
Derek: Hi.
(There's a little silence)
Derek: You know, uh, I went to the bar.
Meredith: I heard.
(He half nods wryly. Meredith stands waiting for his decision but he doesn't say anything)
Derek: You take some aspirin with the banana bag? Helps with the hangover.
(Meredith nods slightly. Derek continues getting ready and not really making eye contact with Meredith. Realization dawns on Meredith)
Meredith: Oh. You're staying with her.
Derek: Yeah, she's my wife.
Bailey (calls from the OR): Dr. Shepherd, she's crashing.
(Derek runs into the O.R. Meredith stands there sad)
(Cut to Derek entering OR)
Derek: What happened?
Dr. Adams: I just put them under.
Derek: Pole must've shifted.
Dr. Adams (defensive): I barely touched her. This isn't my fault.
Burke: It's nobody's fault. We'll need to remove her now if we're going to have a chance.
Dr. Adams: How are we going to do this?
Burke: Team 1 continues, stabilize his body. Team 2 move her back and let's get the saw in there. This has to be fast and smooth, people. O'Malley you hold the pole in place. Whatever you do, don't pull on it, don't let it move. On the count of 3. 1, 2 ...
(Cut to Izzie helping Jana push out her baby during labor.)
Izzie: 3! That's great. That's great.
(Jana breathes gasping) Take another breath. 1, 2, ...
(Cut to Addison in an OR doing the C-section on Brooke)
Addison: He's wedged up under her ribs. We're going to have to pull him out. On 3. 1, 2 ...
(Cut back to Bonnie & Tom's OR surgery. Bonnie is being slid off the pole slowly and placed onto an operating table. A doctor gets a saw and starts cutting through the pole. Scene switches to Tom now on operating table as well)
Dr. Adams: He's stable.
(Camera pans to Bonnie's operation where Derek, Dr. Burke, Bailey, O'Malley and Meredith are.)
Burke: Let's start with her and we can see what we can do. Scalpel.
Bailey: Uh Grey. Get in here and help re-tract.
Burke: Re-tractor.
Derek: Richardson Retractor.
Burke: I'm in.
Derek: Quick please. Give me some sponges. Sponges.
Burke: I'm in.
Derek: Lap sponges. Hade me the cautery.
Burke (shakes his head): Her aorta is shredded. She's gonna bleed out.
(Bonnie's monitor starts beeping faster)
Doctor: Got no rhythm.
Dr. Adams (from other surgery): Doctors. He's losing pressure.
Burke: He's bleeding.
Derek: Let's go.
(They all leave the Bonnie's table except for Meredith who is still holding the retractor in Bonnie's chest)
Burke: Everybody change gloves.
Meredith (upset): What about her? We can't just abandon her. (The others are switching gloves and starting on Tom's operation) We can't just abandon her!
Burke: I'm going in. Extend the sternum. Scalpel.
(The others have now started on Tom. Meredith starts trying to revive Bonnie's heart by hand. George at the other surgery notices Meredith is still there)
Bailey: Lets go Dr. Grey.
George: Meredith.
(Meredith continues pumping Bonnie's heart)
Bailey: Dr. Grey!
George: Meredith!
Meredith (cries out): What about her?!? We can not just abandon her! We have an obligation!
(Derek notices but continues surgery on Tom. George looks confused at Meredith's behavior. Dr. Bailey heads over to Meredith)
Bailey (trying to stop Meredith): Meredith, come on'. There was too much damage. There was never anything we could do. We have to let her go.
(Meredith looks at Dr. Bailey shocked & upset. The monitor has flat lined)
Bailey: Time of death 3.49.
(Meredith just stands next to Bonnie's bed despondent)
(Seattle scenes)
(Maternity room)
(Izzie is watching over Jana who is in bed. Addison walks in)
Addison: Morning.
Izzie: How's Brooke?
Addison: She's good.
Izzie: And the baby?
Addison: He came through, too.
(They walk out of the room to the nurse's station)
Addison: So have you made a decision yet, Dr. Stevens?
Izzie: I'm sorry?
Addison: Whether or not you're going to ... hate me? (Izzie trying to put a pen in her pocket looks up at this) You're Meredith's friend. I'm the wicked witch who came in and ruined her life and cheated on doctor ... wait what is it that you guys call him?
Izzie (uncomfortable): McDreamy.
Addison: Right. God, doesn't that embarrass him?
Izzie: Yeah. I think it does.
Addison: Yeah well by all rights, you should hate me.
Izzie: I guess.
Addison: Except that I'm going to be staying in town for a while.
Izzie: You are.
Addison: Yes. And you show a real gift with my specialty. And I have a lot to teach if you wanna learn. ... So?
Izzie (shrugs even more uncomfortable): So?
Addison: So, when you decide how important it is for you to hate me, let me know.
(Addison walks off)
(Cut to a waiting room where Derek & Dr. Bailey are talking with a young man, Danny, Bonnie's fianc'. George & Meredith at a nurse's station watch from afar)
Danny: Did she ah ... did she suffer?
Derek: No. Her injuries prevented her from ... no, she wasn't in any pain.
Danny: Good. That's ...
Derek (difficulty speaking): She asked me ah to... tell you that ... she wanted you to know, that if love were enough ... that if love were enough that she'd still be here with you.
(Danny nods slightly. Meredith walks off. George looks on after Meredith)
MVO: As surgeons, there are so many things we have to know.
(Cut to the guy with severed leg, now re-attached being wheeled out of the OR Alex and Richard follow)
Richard: Fine work, Dr. Karev.
Alex: Thank you, sir.
(Richard pats him on the back)
MVO: We have to know we have what it takes.
(Cut to Jana & Brooke's room. Jana is sitting on a chair rocking and feeding her baby with a bottle. Addison lift's Brooke's baby out his bed and holds him near Brooke. Izzie watches smiling)
MVO: We have to know how to take care of our patients.
(Cut to Tom in a hospital room sleeping. Dr. Burke is talking to his wife, Amanda who is watching over Tom)
Burke: Tom is doing just fine.
(Amanda hugs Dr. Burke in relief and thanks)
(Cut to Dr. Bailey & Derek standing alone in an elevator. Derek looks very upset. Bailey notices this and pulls the elevator stop button)
MVO: And how to take care of each other.
(Derek walks to the back of the elevator, cries a little and gathers himself together. He walks back to stand next to Bailey)
Bailey: Ok?
Derek: Yeah.
(She pushes back the stop button and the elevator starts again. The elevator opens and they both walk out going in different directions)
(Cut to the staff locker room. Meredith sits on a bench despondent. Izzie sits next to her. George closing his locker sits next to Izzie quiet. Alex pulls on his white coat and heads to the door)
MVO: Eventually we even have to figure out... how to take care of ourselves.
(Cristina walks in as Alex reaches the door. She gives Alex a hard look. He just walks out the door. Meredith looks up at Cristina silently)
MVO: As surgeons we have to be in the know.
(Cristina tying up her hair looks at Meredith slowly understanding what's happened. She sits in between Izzie & Meredith looking at Meredith comfortingly)
MVO: But as human beings, sometimes it's better to stay in the dark.
(Cut to Addison walking out of the SGH with Derek. She takes his arm in hers)
MVO: Because in the dark, there maybe fear...
(Cut back to the staff locker room, where they all sit quiet and exhausted. The door opens. Meredith looks up hopefully.)
MVO: ... but there's also hope.
(Dr. Bailey enters. Dr. Bailey sees them all looking tired. She's takes a nicer tone than normal)
Bailey: Better get cleaned up. Rounds. 5 minutes.
(She heads out of the room and they all get up starting to get ready for a new 

Rosanna's down in Texarkana
Wanted me to push her broom
And sweet Eileen's in Abilene
She forgot I hung the moon
And Allison's in Galveston
Somehow lost her sanity
And Dimples, who now lives in Temple's
Got the law looking for me

All my exes live in Texas
And Texas is the place I'd dearly love to be
But all my exes live in Texas
And that's why I hang my hat in Tennessee

I remember that old Frio River
Where I learned to swim
But it brings to mind another time
Where I wore my welcome thin
By transcendental meditation
I go there each night
But I always come back to myself
Long before daylight
See George Strait LiveGet tickets as low as $98You might also like
All my exes live in Texas
And Texas is the place I'd dearly love to be
But all my exes live in Texas
Therefore I reside in Tennessee

Some folks think I'm hiding
It's been rumored that I died
But I'm alive and well in 