

Be my guest, it's all yours

As you guys I'm sure remember
I think it was maybe last December
I fell, pell-mell, for Kim Cattrall.

Yeah, we remembered, please don't remind us, woo!

But now, I'm over that
We had a little spat
I'm older, wiser and I know that my true love is really named
Estelle!

Winwood?

She's swell!
She's cute
She's rooty-toot-toot
I bet she smells like Juicy Fruit
She can really play a witch
She was even on Bewitched!
And I'm bewildered and bothered!

But Crow, hold on a second, hold on a second
Crow, you are my buddy
And maybe I'm a fuddy duddy
But step back please, and think about some stuff

Like what?

I'm sure that she seems nice
But I bet she's more than twice your age
And with your love it might not matter

But can she control her bladder?

Shut up, shut up, jeez
Tom, come on.

Okay, okay, but Joel, there's a whole other set of issues here. If I may, Crow, as a friend? As a trusted adviser?

Well...

Okay.
Here's a quick list of people much better looking than Estelle:
Fred Biletnikoff, Brandon Tartikoff, Sid and Marty Krofft
Fred Gwynne and Anthony Quinn
and Rin Tin Tin and Pearl Bailey
And Moms Mabley and Mayor Daley
and Hank and Phoebe Snow
Ethel Merman and Pee Wee Herman
and Strom Thurmond and Vince Lombardi
and George and Jesus Jones.
Edith Head and Mister Ed
and Nostradamus and Danny Thomas and Leona and Sherman Hemsley!

Joel, make him stop!
Tom, you're not helping things at all. Can you go and clip those coupons like you promised?

Duh, okay.
Willy DeVille and Agnes de Mille
and Cruella DeVille and Roscoe Tanner
and Jan Hammer...

Crow, listen. Don't worry about him. Why don’t you tell us more about how you’re feeling?

Thank you
She's a vision
I got a new mission.
Somehow I got to meet her.
So she's older...two, three, four...
She's got a great motor, two, three
There's nothing that can beat her!      She's cute Crow,   She's rooty-toot-toot You have my blessing   I bet she smells like Juicy Fruit And I feel like confessing   She can really play a witch You're my little pal.   She was even on Bewitched! Go on and give it a try   And I'm bewildered and bothered! Cause you're bewildered and bothered! Embed