
1 ContributorThis Time Lyrics
This time, I feel lost..
In a world so cold and so lonely..
This time, I feel broke..
And if I left no one would even know me..
This time, I feel lost..
In a world so cold and so lonely..
This time, I feel broke..
And if I left no one would even know me..

I hold onto my memories, cause they make me strong
Thoughts and melodies, dancing in my head to a song
Fought some enemies, but I'm still holding on
So I need a remedy, because I don't belong
Cast in the shadow, tryna face the sun
If we can reunite, we will be safe as one
Can't give up, even though I know it can't be done
Still young - slowly grow into a champion
So I can't just run, have to make a difference
I'm outta time, I'm sorry I can't stay for Christmas
Footprints in the sand, I'm gonna make the distance
And when we reach the land, we can save existence
So I await forgiveness, and the feeling's cold
As I tip toe down this long and winding lonely road
I know I'm getting stronger, as I'm growing old
But this time, my love for you it slowly grows..
You might also like

I might of made mistakes, but now it's done
Cause this time around, I've already won
I thought my life was almost over
But ever since I met you I have realized it's only just begun
Cause I feel like I can start again
But I don't need to die, I mean my heart will mend
In time, so I just hope that you are still there to find
Cause as soon as I have reached the end
I'mma show you why you're so amazing
This time, I ain't coming in, guns blazing
And I ain't talking 'bout a charity
But every time we speak, I just feel like the fun's raising
Even though it's all random
Cause it stops me from crash landing
Is it right - that I would spend my whole lifetime
By your side, and I don't mind if I am left standing?


The journey of a thousand miles begins with just a step
So many fish are in the sea, but I can't cast the net
And now I can't see, with so much regret
So if we can't be, I won't pass the test
If you don't catch, then you can't keep
That's why I haven't spoken, since last week
Then I saw your face, and now I can't sleep
It was just a photo, but now an antique
On my mantelpiece, now we're separate
I hope you don't think, that I am desperate
I'm in a place so cold and desolate
But I can still remember what you represent
That's definite, now I know I'm lost
So many paths but, still another road to cross
I wish I could just take away the pain
Cause now I have to pay the cost..
Embed

Hold on to me when it's too dark to see You
When I am sure I have reached the end
Hold on to me when I forget I need You
When I let go, hold me again

When I don't feel like I'm worth defending
When I'm tired of all my pretending
Hold on to me
When I start to break in desperation
Underneath the weight of expectation
Hold on to me
Hold on to me

Hold on to me when it's too dark to see You (I'll hold on)
When I am sure I have reached the end
Hold on to me when I forget I need You (I'll hold on)
When I let go, hold me again
See Lauren Daigle LiveGet tickets as low as $113You might also like
I could rest here in Your arms forever
'Cause I know nobody loves me better
Hold on to me
Hold on to 