

It's everyday, bro, with the Disney Channel flow
Five mil' on YouTube in six months, never done before
Passed all the competition, man, PewDiePie is next
Man, I'm poppin' all these checks, got the brand new Rolex
And it match the Lambo too, and I'm coming with the crew
This is Team 10, bitch, who the hell are flippin' you?
And you know I kick them out if they ain't with the crew
Yeah, I'm talking about you, you beggin' for attention
Talking shit on Twitter, too, but you still hit my phone last night
It was 4:52, and I got the text to prove
And all the recordings too, don't make me tell them the truth
And I just dropped some new merch, and it's selling like a god church
Ohio's where I'm from, we chew 'em like it's gum
We shooting with a gun, the tattoo just for fun
I Usain Bolt and run, catch me at game one
I cannot be outdone, Jake Paul is number one
You might also like
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
I said it's everyday bro!

You know it's Nick Crompton, and my collar stay poppin'
Yes, I can rap, and no, I'm not from Compton
England is my city
And if it weren't for Team 10, then the US would be shitty
I'll pass it to Chance, 'cause you know he stay litty

Two months ago, you didn't know my name
And now you want my fame?
Bitch I'm blowin' up, I'm only going up
Now I'm going off, I'm never fallin' off
Like Mag, who? Digi who? Who are you?
All these beefs, I just ran through, hit a milli' in a month
Where were you? Hatin' on me back in West Fake
Think you need to get your shit straight
Jakey brought me to the top, now we really poppin' off
Number one and number four, that's why these fans all at our door
It's lonely at the top, so we all going
We left Ohio, now the trio's all rollin'
It's Team 10, bitch
We back again, always first, never last
We the future, we'll see you in the past
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
I said it's everyday bro!

Hold on, hold on, hold on (Espera)
Can we switch the language? (Ha, ya tú sabe')
We 'bout to hit it (Dale)

Sí, lo único que quiero es dinero
Trabajando en YouTube todo el día entero (Dale)
Viviendo en USA, el sueño de cualquiera (Ha)
Enviando dólares a mi familia entera (Pasta)
Tenemos una persona por encima
Se llama Donald Trump y está en la cima
Desde aquí te cantamos, can I get my VISA?
Martinez Twins, representando España
Desde la pobreza a la fama

It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
I said it's everyday bro
Yo, it's Tessa Brooks
The competition shook
These guys up on me
I got 'em with the hook
Lemme educate ya
And I ain't talking book
Panera is your home
So stop calling my phone
I'm flyin' like a drone
They buying like a loan
Yeah, I smell good
Is that your boy's cologne?

Is that your boy's cologne?
Started ballin', Quicken Loans
Now I'm in my flippin' zone
Yes, they all copy me, but
That's some shitty clones
Stay in all designer clothes
And they ask me what I make
I said, "It's ten with six zeros"
Always plug merch link in bio
And I will see you tomorrow 'cause
It's everyday bro
