

I've been watching you, for so very long
Trying to get my nerve built up to be so strong
I really want to meet you, but I'm kind of scared
'Cause you're the kind of lady with so much class
I get my thoughts together for the very next day
But when i see you lady I forget what to say
Your eyes and hair, such a beautiful tone
The way you dress and walk, it really turns me on, yeah
Ooh, you really turn me on, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon

Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
Can I talk to you? I really want to know you
(I wanna know you)
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
Can i talk to you? (Ooh yeah) I really want to know you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
See Jodeci LiveGet tickets as low as $56You might also like
There you are again, with the same smile on each day
I wanna know what it is that makes me feel this way
I wish I could grab you, tell you what it means to me
To see you walking by and wave, that really makes my day
Before I go to sleep, and dream about you
I'm a single man, I hope that you are single, too
Tomorrow I'll say something to set my mind free
'Cause curiosity is buggin' the hell out of me, yeah baby
Talk to me, talk to me, talk to me, baby

Come and talk to me (My baby), I really want to meet you
Can I talk to you? (Girl) I really want to know you
(And you know, and you know, you know, and you know know know, baby)
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
(I wanna meet you)
Can I talk to you? I really want to know you
(Said I wanna know you, baby) I wanna know

I wanna know, you wanna tell me your name?
(Won't you tell me your name)
Let me play your game
(Let me play your game, oh yeah)
I wanna know (Whoa, oh)
I wanna know (Oh yeah, oh, said I wanna know you, baby)
Now I could sit in here and call you my honey bun
Beggin' and pleading, and telling you I want some
But that don't fit the Jodeci format
You don't really need that 'cause that ain't where my head's at
Get cozy in my hideout
And if the skins all that, I'll let you know when I slide out
Girlfriend, you know my program
I mean I'm not cock diesel, but I'll be your Conan
Slide to this kid and get comfty
Close the door, dim the lights, press play and then pump me
Pump me like I was a booming system
You told me 'bout your man and how you used to miss him
Notice how I said "used to"
Now I'll fill gap with a rap you'll get used to
'Cause with me, there's no pressure, no strain
I just want to know your name...

I wanna know
I wanna know
Oh ooh oh, oh oh
Said you feel so good, yeah
Baby, come over and take off all of your clothes, (I wanna know)
Let me lick you from head to toe (I wanna know)
Oh, oh, oh oh
(You wanna tell me your name?)
Don't ever stop me, no, no, no, no no (Oh, oh)
I don't wanna let you go, no baby
Said you feel so good to me, baby
Oh oh, I won't ever leave you no, no, no, no, no, no no
Oh, don't let me go, baby (Oh, oh)
Ooh, I just wanna get real nasty with you, baby
Oh, ooh yeah, come on, baby, come on, baby
Oh, I want you, baby
Oh, do you really want me 

Every time I close my eyes
I wake up feelin' so horny
I can't get you out of my mind
'Cause sexin' you be all I see
I would give anything
Just to make you understand me
I don't give a damn about nothing else
Freekin' you is all I need

Tonight, I need your body (I need your body)
Tonight, you got my time (Girl, whatever you want, I would give it, baby)
Tonight you won't be sorry (Yeah, ooh-wee)
Tonight, you got my mind (You got my mind, all I wanna do is freek you)
See Jodeci LiveGet tickets as low as $56You might also like
What must I say? (Oh, tell me)
What must I do? (What must I do?)
To show how much (Oh)
I think about freekin' you (Baby)
What must I say? (Tell me)
What must I do? (Yeah, yeah)
To show how much (Oh)
I think about freekin' you

Oh, I could go on for days
But I couldn't go on for weeks
I can even play with another body
But it wouldn't last 'cause I'm a freek
I hear everything you say
Turned on by everything you do
And at night when I close my eyes
I only dream of freekin' you

Tonight, I need your body (Tonight, I need your body, baby)
Tonight, you got my time (Whatever you want, whatever you need)
Tonight, you won't be sorry (You won't be sorry, baby, baby, no, no, no)
Tonight, you got my mind (Whatever you want, baby, it will be fine, so fine)
What must I say? (Oh)
What must I do? (What must I do?)
To show how much (I think about freekin' you)
I think about freekin' you
What must I say? (Yeah, oh)
What must I do? (Yeah, woah)
To show how much
I think about freekin' you

Freek out and freek me up and down (DeVante Swing)
Freek out and freek me up and down
Freek out and freek me up and down
Freek out and freek me up and down

Every freekin' night and every freekin' day
I wanna freek you baby in every freekin' way
Every freekin' day, every freekin' night
I wanna freek you, girl, your body's so freekin' tight
Every freekin' night and every freekin' day
I wanna freek you, baby, in every freekin' way
Every freekin' day, every freekin' night
I wanna freek you girl your body's so freekin' tight
What must I say?
What must I do? (Can I prove my love?)
To show how much (Lickin' you all over your body)
I think about freekin' you (Body, body, baby, baby)
What must I say?
What must I do?
To show how much
I think about freekin' you
What must I say?
What must I do?
To show how much
I think about freekin' you

I think about freekin' you
I wanna freek you
I wanna freek you
I wanna freek you (I think about freekin' you)
I wanna freek you
I wanna freek you
I wanna freek you
I wanna freek you (I think about freekin' you)
I think about freekin' you
I think about freekin' 