

Word, ILL BILL, check it
Word is bond, ILL BILL
Uh, programmed to kill
Haaa!
I be analyzing bio-rhythms, leavin' my victims with incisions
My sensory see catastrophic visions
Over the image of Jehovah I burn sulphur
In retrospect I infect your innards just like an ulcer
Then I twist facial features like Rocky Dennis, when I menace
It's horrendous, my bloody appetite's tremendous
Enormous, watch the metamorphosis
Stickin' snitches through orifices, remorseless are my thoughts, when I catch a corpse
I dabble in the arts of the forbidden
Leavin' carcass on top of carcass, maggot ridden regardless
I am psychahnhhasehhahh..... Ahhh, check it
Reports provided by Department of Forensics
Reveal nothing reminiscent of murder on these premises
The only evidence be in the body, no fingerprintssss
Or murder weapons located but they follow me
Constantly I'm under surveillance
Numerous federal agencies provide local police interference
So now there's mad hemoglobin
Left upon my freezer frozen, from head down to the toes in
Pieces of people I've taken then I re-animate
Beyond the gates, I can see the bloody face of Sharon Tate
I'll make you submit when I dominate
Nothing you could ever do could restrain my campaign of hate
I measure my pleasure by the amount of pain
I inflict during your torture, officer, I'll make you suffer
Forget the gats, I'm about to hit you with the axe
Laugh while your skull cracks, the whole coloderm wax!

Change the beat up, Riz
Change the beat up, Riz
Riz got it
- Change the beats...
Riz got it
Y'all see Rizzo
- Y'all kids is ill! Y'all also... y'all on a whole different kind of vibe, yo
Necrophiliac and the Goons
- Yeah, they're illin' up here!
Hahahaha!
I had sex with Sarafina
I'll crush your skull with a huge phallus
Like Alex did to the ballerina
But not Natasha, I live next to Danasha
I kill females with male pudendum like Sasha
I know you hate my rhymes of crud
Like Albert Fish, I ate Grace Budd, I ejaculate blood
In a pot, your mammary glands I'm stirrin'
I'll have you work up a sweat 'til you're thirsty
Then make you drink my urine
Your flesh, Necro recycles
I do porn like Sean Michaels, Tom Byron and T. T. Boy
I'll bust nuts on Angie Bower
You diss you'll be found dead in the dark alley like Ron Hightower
I'll be killing cock diesel broads from Gold's Gym
As my bloody black member swings like a pendulum
Peace out to all you jailbirds doing bids
I eat decapitated squids, I kill kids that sport skids
I'm gonna lick your mama's bloody fetus
I go to the village and kill Grunge girls that sport Adidas
I'm eating my dinner on the back of a white slave
I defecate on the whole idea of wack rave
I'm gonna make you eat my crap
If you can't rap, I'll strangle you with Rage's bra strap
Necrophiliac pass it to Captain Carnage, Captain Carnage

Helium bombs get hailed for joy
I roll out with the convoy on Operation: Destroy
In the soil the bodies are deeply squished
The trail of organs, lead to the ambush
I hold position until you've arrived
Every hound in the pack know to take the men alive
I'm driven by the thirst for blood
My dogs don't die, a fool's canteen is only worth one chug
I cook scrubs into grub with rubber gloves
I remove your guts like shrubs
I'm out like the glands of your damsel that I manhandle
In my nylon tent lit by candles
I want my brain scrambled, and my balls charred
I shall be isolated like a retard
Into the penitentiary is where they're sendin' me
'Cause I have the identity of a Hellbound entity
Take the time to examine and I'll do you in like a famine
Through a bow that I throw I guarantee be landin'
On your fuckin' grill, blood rushes to spill, are you ready to kill? So down you fell
So get lost before I throw your corpse in the tractor
On a never long is a comin' of a chapter
I laugh when I hit you up in axe
I blow up the spot with Glocks and flocks to your weak skulls
My swingin' sweet gold
I stalk people like a Speagle and like a Beagle
I sense shit, I'll slap you senseless until your balls is covered with blemish
I hope you die

Oh yeah, represent, represent, like this, like this!
It's the hobo sniffin' blow, got more steps than Chario
And if you home alone, smack the monkey to your stereo
And if you're a horny girl and listenin' to Riz cut
Take out the bent wires and shove 'em up your damn butt
It's the Reverend, call me God, Satan
Grimace, the Menace, I'm clutchin' more areolas than dentists
You see me on the streets, you better Hail Satan
Nightstalker Beelzebub, I'll see you with my knob
In my stinky tub Alicia Rio's rockin', so what's up?
Next to a copy of 40 Plus and D Cup
I'm leavin' NYPD Blue, I'll asphyx you too, kid
My boys attack like a pack of crazed Jews
In Bed-Stuy, Crown Heights and Brighton Beach
I be the Bloodsucking Freak, shootin' jelly on your cheeks
Like Rocco S(t)iffredi with the hot rod, I'm ready
My aim is steady, point blank with my veiny machete
I burn flesh to a crisp, you front on my digits
You'll be attacked by a tribe of African midgets
I'mma Biggie like Smalls, plead do me like ribbons
I'll make ya disappear like the breasts of Robin Givens
I threaten the world by putting M80's in my mouth
To blow a part of my lips, they're hangin' like Satan's nips
We die young so I'mma go out blastin'
And kill yourself, you best believe that I'mma die laughin'
ILL BILL, blow it up

Word, check it out, yo
I be gettin' backrubs in backrooms of S&M clubs
I'm on drugs, during sex I use anal beads and butt plugs
I'm holdin' hookers' doodie holes hostage
I spend my nights on 42nd Street searchin' for chicks that's into bondage
Torture tactics I practice, tear up your mattress
Kidnap an actress, then activate vibrating plastics
My zany antics keep the ladies frantic
And when I sodomize a secretary I'm very romantic
It must be all them evil substances, cigarettes and black coffee
I'm smokin' crack rock laced with morphine
I guess you could say I'm a junkie
One sprinkle of coke on my genitalia makes me mad spunky
I like to be a role model
Picture me on the screen with a bloody butcher knife and a Bacardi bottle
People will think "what were they thinkin'?"
But then who would've thought that OJ Simpson would turn into Joel Rifkin?
Necrophiliac, Necrophiliac
Put the knife in they damn back

Please don't be nice to me
I torture rave kids that look like Jon Lovitz
Bend forward, kid, and taste your own crevice
I sodomize with Glocks, strangle you with socks
Don't you dare ruin my dinner of chopped up female buttocks
I'm gonna bring, evil to all species
Then defecate feces down the throats of he-shes
I murdered Andy Gibb
I got Nina Hartley's decrepit body
Stashed out in John Stagliano's crib
No fib, I'm mad porno like Rocco Siffredi
Give me a machete and you'll be left with a bloodsoaked titty
Before I eat you I left your corpse settle
I'm into Death Metal
I'm distorted like the distortion pedal
I'm down with Captain Carnage
Ready to eat your cartilage
Reverend Goretex got the hundred round cartridge
For the Calico 950 to rob your pills
And ILL BILL's, got the krills
Lord Black Soap got the thick rope to Hang the Pope
You can't cope, 'cause there's no hope
E-Riz Hustler, give me some mersh and bricks
So I can sell the kids in Canarsie some fat nicks
Ming the Merciless, made Connie Chung drink your piss
And send Soon-Yi Prev(in) to Heaven
I be the septic schizo
I'm cutting up your body, like the hands of Yussie Rizzo
Gore too, Dennis the Menace and J.E.Z
Don't kill nobody
Don't kill nobody
Unless you got the shotty
I pass it over, to Captain Carnage, Captain Carnage

I keep cash in check 'cause I'm a crook
I don't play by the book by lookin' for the dirty looks on the grill
Posin' like he's ill, hold 'em still so I can fill 'em up with lumps
I beat down chumps for kicks
I swing dicks, with the mentally sick I roll
I stroke my pole, to porno mags and tapes
I kill crabs and flakes
With fuckin' rope and blades I cut throats, I float like a goat
In my town I'm alone, I walk the street like a lunatic spook
I kick more butts than a movie gook, girls wanna play my flute
When I'm dressed in business suits they think I'm cute, but they get the boot
I'm spreadin' like an epidemic I wouldn't slide up in it without latex
I don't play with sex, 'cause that's like playin' with Russian Roulette
Staaand back because I am about to blow up, show up
My lip, fuckin' lip, fuck and now I pass it to Goretex, lip

Oh yeah, oh yeah
Check it out, check it out, check it out
I'm convinced the only hope and peace is the butchery of human beings
I'm hangin' Whoopi with the G-string
I kill strictly by ritual, no question
I'm the spiritual leader like Manson on LSD I'm dancin'
Master of Macabre, I'm Ralphus with the blowgun
Ghetto women I rub, to all you listeners kneel and bob
I'm makin' families grieve, a Wildman like Steve
My meat cleave' will make you believe then bleed
I'm killin' six lovely girls for Satan's flesh eaters
My shooting of Morphine I was jammin' with The Meters
Close your eyes and picture all the rugged Jews, I'm Sammy
If you diss I'll leave you more maggot ridden than John Candy
On my wall all you honey's mams, Canarsie's full of Son of Sam's
I'm dipped with KISS boots and jams
I plead insanity, to Hip Hop like Shakur
I'm buckin' at cops, my crew are Spics, Jews and Wops
Nigg's and gooks with Glocks all locked in detox
Peace to Uncle Howie pushin' mad bags of crushed rocks
Pass it to ILL CanniBILL, represent

Word, check it out, yo
I'm turnin' red blood cells into dead blood cells
Using microscopic utensils within your entrail
Pushin' the limits of your chromosomes
Sittin' on the throne of the human bone sitting
With my cellular phone
I walk alone into pandemonium, utilizing plutonium
To build a bigger better stronger weapon
I sense the presence of great evil
So I embrace and drain every bit of the power source conceivable
Bringing about the beginning of ending upsetting a crucifier
Tending to your so-called Messiah
Within the fire, I eulogize planetary demise
Feeling energized, as another planet, dies
And nothing, could never really make me give a damn about
Anything you care about so why even bother?
The blood I spill could fill the entire New York Harbor
So hang the Holy Father, and light the candelaaabraaa
Word is bond, yo
Goons in the house, shout out

- There you have it, right here 90.3 FM WBAU, controversial to say the least! Y'all on some other stuff, you know, it's ill, hahahaha! Y'all wanna say-?
- Yo, ILL BILL, I wanna give a shout out to Fatal, I wanna give a shout out, to my boy Soap, Black Soap, Black Danny
- Haha!
- Your son, you know what I'm sayin'? I wanna give a shout out, to all you people that pressed record, and you loved the filthiness, all you people that like the DIRT, you love it
- That's where Riz get that from, from y'all
- Yo, one more thing, one more thing before I pass it to Goretex, I wanna give a shout out to E-Riz Hustler, with all the pounds, I wanna give a shout out, to Yussie Rizzo, for cuttin' up the phat beats, you know what I'm sayin'? Riz Markie, like the Dun-Dunkin' Donuts, chill!
- Yo, I wanna give a shout out to Art Neville, DJ Riz, Mack 10, my awesome kid Elijah, Danny Terio, all the Goons, you know what I'm sayin'?
- Danny Terio, hahahaha!
- Wildman Steve, for being fly, for being godly, all the heads, everybody who smokes crack, Bobbito, Bobbito & Stretch
- Oh shit, ahahahahaha! What he said, what he said, what he said...? He said everybody who smokes crack? He said Bobbito? He gave a shout to Bobbito... Bob!
- Yussie Rizzo, Melle Mel, Cowboy, all the heads, nuff respect, that gave us jobs
- The way he said they smoke crack then gave a shout to Bobbito
- Yo, yo, yo, yo, so, yo, Necrophiliac just wants to say if anybody's interested in signin' us (hehe), we're really open for it (yo, yo), but we're hated, nobody wants to sign us, nobody wants us, don't pay attention to a word I said!
- Nobody loves us!
- Yo, yo, yo, you forgot to give a shout out to Ed Powers, B
- Ed Powers and John Stagliano and Ron Heights and Shawn Michael
- Eddie West, Mo Bigsley, Titty Boy up in here!
- Randy Spears (Dirty Devil...-)
- FM Bradley, baby!
- Forever!
- FM Bradley!
- Hahaha!
- Yo, yo, yo, I can't forget about Felipe and Rocco Siffredi! Nina-Nina Hartley!
- Word is bond
- Yo, Ron Jeremy, you got him, yo, you know what I'm sayin'?!
- Yo, yo, homeboy can suck his own phallus and 'em, yo!
- Herschel Savage!
- I see Nec'...
- Herschel Savage!
- Y'all get ill-y'all get ill though
- Son, we got to give props to Felipe
- What about John Holmes?
- John Holmes, for his dead cadaver
- Rest in Peace John Holmes, he infected Sissy Lynn in Europe, yo!
- Word up?
- Rest in Peace Savannah! Rest in Peace Savannah!
- Savannah died?
- She's dead! Dead and stinkin'!
- Word up? For what? For what?
- I don't know she just deaded, she went POP!
- Word up (Yeah)? Word up! Ha, oh wow, that's deep
- Yo, yo, and God bless Charlie Sheen for bonein' Ginger Lynn, word up
- What about Long Down Silver?
- She killed herself, she was crazy, yo
- He can say that, they said it, no, you fucked up hahaha!
- Shouts to Poorly Shaw, for eatin' mamilla
- Poorly Shaw, alright y'all, thanks for comin' on down
- It's all good, stay alive
- Everybody wanna sign us, call me, hook us up with a deal
- Y'all keep it-y'all keep it-y'all keepin' it real though
- Please!
- We're all gonna be dead with syringes filled with Heroin poked in our arms
- FInd us in....
- We die young, we die young!
- We'll all be dead soon, you better sign us soon 'cause we'll be dead, get us now
- I hear that, alright (please , please), thank y'all for comin' on down tonight, alright, we got the-we got the GZA comin' up next, keep it locked in right here commercial free, 90.3 FM, you just heard the Goons, they on some other stuff, we gon' go there, alright, yo, stay 