
1 ContributorThank Yous (Waterfalls) LyricsThank yous written for  Waterfalls.Waterfalls is complete. Finished
After two years of writing and recording, we have gotten to the end point of this journey. I conceptualized this project almost exactly two years ago in the basement of my dorm at Mizzou
Waterfalls started off as an homage to the music that made me who I am, and, to a degree, it still is. Waterfalls, as you will find in the title track, refers to how I feel when I listen to music. Whenever an artist (as referenced in the song) such as Bob Seger or Bruce Springsteen hit a particular chord or wrote a particularly relatable lyric, it created a connection of some sort. It felt like a waterfall rushed over me. That was the same sensation I hoped to make with these songs
I wanted the cover art to show this emotion with a naked woman. Nudity is us at our most vulnerable, and music has a way of protecting our vulnerabilities. Think about it: When your favorite artist sings or raps and exposes their wrongdoings, exposes themselves, we feel safer knowing someone else, someone perhaps with higher stature, feels the same. Artists expose themselves so that listeners feel safe. The waterfalls protect us
There are very many people that I need to thank for the creation of this album
Thank you to:
God
My family, my parents, my brother Shane and my sister Kelsey. You have provided endless opportunities out of the goodness of your hearts and I am forever indebted to you
My girlfriend, Hannah. You created the amazing cover art and you created more love in your heart than anyone I have known. I love you beyond what I can tell or show you
Dylan Trochtenberg. You have paved many avenues for my success and you are one of the greatest human beings I have had the fortune to meet. You have made wonderful friends in Jersey and I am happy than can take care of you, since I cannot. I love you, and I cannot wait to see you again
Langston Newsome. You have heard many of these songs before they were even written down on paper. You heard them through our conversations and have helped me in ways you do and don’t know. Keeping it real with you chief, beware of the haters and losers, of which there are many. Bless your soul. Also, your mother helped inspire the very first track. Please thank her for me
My roommates, Langston, Chris Harbison and Adam, as well as our dear friend Billy Finn. Dylan told me living with people you love is one of the best things you can do in college. He couldn’t be more correct. You have made college  easier than imaginable. You have listened when I needed it the most. Here, I will provide my realest and most honest sports takes. Patty Mahomes > Mitchell Trubisky. Kirk Cousins is a mediocre QB. The Saints are the most dangerous team in the league. College basketball is more enjoyable than the NBA (although the NBA features obviously better athletes)
Megan Hufnagel. I truly hope you are doing okay at SEMO and I appreciate everything you did and do for me. In thanks to you, I have discovered that I want to be a teacher. You are incredibly strong and I cannot wait until we meet again. Rick and Morty season 4 will be out soon
Sofia Copat. There are few 20 year olds who I would consider wise. You are one of them. Thank you for all you’ve done. Please play a million musical instruments on my next project
You might also likeKipper. We both recognize that we don’t have the answers but we sure have fun trying to figure them out. Thank you for everything. I appreciate you being a lending voice and a helping hand, no matter what
Also special thanks and recognition to:
Hoffer
Toffer
JahRule Bentch
T-Jones
BVB
Andre
Patrick Bowlin
Amber Schmidt
Liv Chambliss
Don Hemker
Drake Clifton, as always
Alpha Iota Class
Jonathan Blakk, as always
Toki Wright
Matty B
Aaron Pangan
Hunter Ginther
Ms. Bea
Capitol Jay (Playing with Fire out now!)
Isaac Jahns (everybody go check out Dumb Luck by Greentop)
Isaac Schumacher
My uncles and aunts
Roman Dale
Logan De Vorak
SJ Dilks
Cassidy Klump
Mr. Psychadelicx
Tanner Dorow
Charlie Eversmann
Brandon Vaughn
Sidne Fonville
David French
Ramsey
Sam French
Carter Cunningham
CPFFL
The Association of Shaggy Scoobers
Waldo
Mina Kimes
Gabe Glidden
Tyler Larkin
Bryan Riley
Normie
Olivia Grayson
Jordan Haag
Drake Rhodes
Alex Hackworth
Marisa Pisterzi
Isaac Hayes
Christina Rodriguez
Jonah Spiten
Mikala Nelton
Sadie & Katie
Sebass
Liv Jackson
Paxton Kostos
Aspen Jerowski
Larry Johnson
Bennett Jacobs
Rock Bridge Volleyball
Clare Walker
Brooke Carson
Jordan Lottes
Anna Ostempowski
Josey Patterson
Colin Weber
The Kiesling Brothers
Mia Enyart
Rico
Chris Briner
Lauren Spear
Darren Williams
Kyle Marshall
Kate Marxkors
Maddie Magruder
Connor May
Jess Martin
Lucy Doll
Fengbo Ma
Annie Stollenwerck
Jane Nelson
Justin Moore
Libby Moeller
Izzy
Cheeser
Tyler Nachtigal
Ashley o’Brien
Pelley (I see you doing work!)
Henry Reilly
Ian Rendell
Brennan Schaffner and his friends, Alex, LilKev, Hetty and Dakota (Check out track #5!)
The Sennes
Simmulator
Anthony Soutor
Mike Speltz
Luke Vacura
Katie Wilson
Courtney Wuss
Hayden Zab
Matt Zab
I would also like to thank you for listening. “Good listeners we connect with better.” Please go out and continue to support your musician friends. Retweet their work, hype them up and encourage them to continue being artists

If I missed you, please blame my mind and not my heart (word to Jon Connor)
I do not know when my next project will come out, nor in what form. I can promise you I will continue to work diligently to create honest, authentic work and use my voice for good. I encourage you to do the same
All my love. Your brother
Mac/McCrae/MC Crae/Young Polar Bear/Dad Bod Squad 