

I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous
You can see that my city found me, then put me on stages
To me, that's amazin'
To you, that's a quick check, with all disrespect, let me say this
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me, Lord, forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes, I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music, I would share it, but, today, I'm yellin'
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe

I'm tryna keep it alive and not compromise the feelin' we love
You're tryna keep it deprived and only cosign what radio does
And I'm lookin' right past ya
We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world, you livin' behind the mirror
I know what you're scared of, the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital, I know you had to, this shit is vital, I know you had to
Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain is way more believable
Give me a feasible gain, rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know
This is somethin' you can blame on yourself, you can remain stuck in a box
I'ma break out and then hide every lock, I'ma break out and then hide every lock

I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous
You can see that my city found me, then put me on stages
To me, that's amazin'
To you, that's a quick check, with all disrespect, let me say this
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me, Lord, forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes, I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music, I would share it, but, today, I'm yellin'
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe

Bitch, don't kill my vibe
You ain't heard the coast like this in a long time, don't you see that long line?
And they waitin' on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth
Threes in the air, I can see you are in sync
Hide your feelings, hide your feelings, now, what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend then put that pussy on the pedestal
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Walk out the door and they scream, "It's alive"
My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfuckin' much, I got my drink, I got my music
I say, bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
K-Dot, get in the car, nigga
Come on, we finna roll out
Nigga, I got a pack of Blacks and a beat CD
Get your freestyles 

Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now
Smoke to it nigga, smoke to it nigga, oh
Where are we going? We should be slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now

That's what she said to me, that place I used to call home is just a bed to me
And we don't even sleep, neighbors can hear her weep
Meanwhile I'm in these streets with everybody, I'm trying to get it
And she know they got me, I watch her feelings watch me
As they staring with the saddest eyes of loneliness
Look each other in the face and barely blink
I tried to make it right, but the pen ran out of ink
So if my letters don't reach you, I hope these lyrics in sync

Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now

That's what it said to me
But the place I call ambition now dead to me
Gone and forgotten, I'm off track like Dale Earnhardt
My liver rotten, alcoholic tripping
Fucking bad bitches and they got bad intentions
Club night, guys and dolls
Balling out, but I'm 'bout to drop the ball
I'm calling out for help, my engineer called
Told me come to the studio, I wanna tell him, "Nah"
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now

That's what he said to me
But that place we call Heaven unfair to me, only 144 can go
Seven billion people on planet Earth today
Is it something that I don't know?
I know to follow Him rather following people
Or follow vanity 'cause that means I'm following evil
Guess I'm following evil, I should follow cathedral
Blessings I need, but live like I don't need you

Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now

So in conclusion, we all seem to stumble, planning our own demise
Forgetting the big picture and making it wallet size
So to what is important in my life, I apologize
I promise to stay faithful, focused and sanctified
We all get distracted, the question is
Would you bounce back or bounce backwards?
Would you not know how to act or take action?
It's just a part of life and if your vision’s impaired, you probably lose it all tonight
I'm tryna visualize how to get it right, but my vision's so blurry
Tryna slow it down, stay close to the ground, but we're always in a hurry now
And if I could make this world spin a little slower, then I would
Then we could grow a little closer, I think we're getting closer
I think we're getting 

Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist

Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again
Pick him up, then I set him in cold water
Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin
Hope that take the pain away
From the feelin' that he feel today
You know when you part of Section.80
You feel like no one can relate
'Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner
Marijuana endorphins make you stronger, stronger
I'm in the house party trippin' off
My generation sippin' cough syrup like it's water
Never no pancakes in the kitchen
Man, not one of our lives is caught up
In the daily superstition that the world is 'bout to end
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen
'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes)
PlayStation and some drank (Technology bought my soul)
Lookin' around and all I see is a big crowd that's product of me
And they probably relatives relevant for a rebel's dream
Yep, her president is Black, she Black too
Purple Label on her back, but that tab is light blue
She take it straight to the head, then she look at me
She got ADHD
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist

Like woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
(They always told me ADHD did it)
Woah, woah-woah

And then she started
And then she started feelin' herself like no one else in this apartment
"Beg your pardon? Oh, I rap, baby, how old are you?"
She say twenty-two, I say twenty-three, "Okay, then we are crack babies," damn
"Why you say that?" She said, "Where my drink at?"
"I'ma tell you later, just tell your neighbors and the police relax"
I stood up, shut the blind, closed the screen, Jumbotron
Made to the back where she reside, then she said, "Read between the lines," yep
Hope that I get close enough when the lights turn down
And the fact that she just might open up when the Nuvo start to drown
Her body, and I know the both of us really deep in the mood now
It's nothin' we can do now, somebody walked in with a pound (Woah)
Of that Bay Area kush, she looked at me, then looked
At it, then she grabbed it, then she said, "Get it understood"
"You know why we crack babies? Because we born in the '80s
The ADHD crazy"
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist

Like woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Woah-woah, woah, woah-woah, woah (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
(They always told me ADHD did it)
Woah, woah-woah

You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light
Double cup, deuce, four, six, just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy, 'shrooms, blow, 'dro, hoes, whatever you like
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light


Now, I done grew up 'round some people
Livin' their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask
Backstroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feel
Some people wanna kill their sorrow
Some people wanna fit in with the popular
That was my problem
I was in a dark room, loud tunes
Lookin' to make a vow soon
That "I'ma get fucked up"
Fillin' up my cup, I see the crowd mood
Changin' by the minute
And the record on repeat
Took a sip, then another sip
Then somebody said to me
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
"Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch"
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Then, I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

Pour up (Drank)
Headshot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank)
Stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank)
Wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank)
Faded (Drank)

Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick
I am your conscience, if you do not hear me then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now and I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down, I'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes
I see the feelin', the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived
This how you capitalize, this is parental advised, and apparently, I'm over-influenced
By what you are doin', I thought I was doin' the most 'til someone said to me
"Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch"
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
And I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

Pour up (Drank)
Head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank)
Stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank)
Wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank)
Faded (Drank)

I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it

Pour up (Drank)
Head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank)
Stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank)
Wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank)
Faded (Drank)

Sherane
Sherane
(Pool full of—, Kendrick, Kendrick, lies in it, in, in, in)
Sherane, Sherane
(W-watch 'em all flock) Aw man
Sherane (Girls wanna play-play-play)
Where is she takin' me? (I got)
Where is she takin' me? (Pool full of liquor, I'ma die in it)

All I—, all I—, all I—
All I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got hunger pain that grow insane, tell me, do that sound familiar?
If it do, then you're like me, makin' excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of a bottle and the greenest indo leaf
As the window open I release everything that corrode inside of me
I see you jokin', why you laugh? Don't you feel bad? I prob'ly sleep
And never ever wake up, never ever wake up, never ever wake up
In God I trust, but just when I thought I had enough

"They stomped the homie out over a bitch?
K-Dot, you good, blood?
Now we can drop, yeah, we can drop you back off"
"That nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain't trippin'"
"We gon' do the same ol' shit
I'ma pop a few shots, they gon' ru—, they gon' run the opposite way
Fall right in ****'s lap
And he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that"
"And I hope that bitch that set him up, out there
We gon' pop that bitch too"
"Wait hold up, ayy, I see some of 'em"
"Aha! Got them niggas, K-Dot, you good?"
"L****, you good?"
"Yeah, blood, I'm good – D******, you good?
D*****? D*****? Say somethin' – D*****?
These bitch-ass niggas killed my 

What the black man say?
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we 

Have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
Like you never did right, sort of like a black sheep?
Back down, backing out your dreams like some bad sleep
Chasing for the wind but you never win the track meet
Oh, what a cold world for a broke nigga, it's bitter
And life's a bitch, don't hit women, so I bit her
I struck enough pain let her know I wasn't playing
I was so sincere like Nas' first name in Belly
They tell me, it's very difficult to see 25
And if I survive it's probably with a celly
My opportunities are low because my brown complexion floats
In the ghetto rather in some heels like Giuseppe's
They want me unemployed, until I hit the streets
Fulfilling voids of broke D-Boys selling weed
Fucking up my prestige, 'til I live with the blues
BB King or the neighbors of Snoop, that's why I'm

In the club like fuck it, though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say I can't live comfortable
I'ma tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So while I hold this bottle of Cîroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
Through the barbed wire
We are, we are (Fighters)
We are, we are (True)
Through the, through barbed (Wires)
We will, will break (Through)
So while I hold this bottle of Cîroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
Through the barbed wire
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
Like you never did right, sort of like a black sheep?
Tryna get away from the world's stereotype
Barbed wire got a barricade on your destiny
She desperately in need of some inspiration, see what the people saying
She gon have a baby then flee from her education
At the age of 16, credit card scam schemes
See a scar on her eye, boyfriend brutality
She'll never get by, no how, no way
Welfare recipient, property of the state
Housing, Section 8, corner store prostitute
The owner bout to prosecute, the niggas tell her that she's cute
Hoodrat trashy, six baby daddies
And this baby daddy is new to the family
Chilling in pajamis, waiting on the first
Fast forward spilling drinks on her fur, that's why she

In the club like fuck it, though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say she can't live comfortable
She gon' tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So while she up in VIP pouring Merlot in the glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
Through the barbed wire
We are, we are (Fighters)
We are, we are (True)
Through the barbed wire (Wires)
We will, will break (Through)
So while she up in VIP pouring Merlot in the glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
Through the barbed wire
Have you ever felt like, you finally got life
You finally got right? No longer a black sheep
Living off ya dreams like Christina uh-Milian
In the front seat of a convertible eloping to get married
What a feeling of overcoming the odds
It's like we just hit the lottery, my God
There must be a God, cause golly
You done made it through the fight while squabbling Ali
Now ya lifestyle's looking up and you escaped the crooked cuffs
And you ain't have to kill a nigga just to make a couple bucks
And she ain't have to go and fuck on everybody for a dollar
Making good decisions, got a independent business-mind
And both of y’all are steady grindin', doing it the legal way
Just tryna make a decent pay on every second of the day
But they won't give you the credit, disses out they mouth
You must have joined the Illuminati just to ball out

In the club like fuck it, though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say they can't live comfortable
They gone tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So even if you overcame doubt and ya living ain't bad
Know it's a barbed wire that's always in your path
Through the barbed wire (Just laugh)
Then everybody say...
'Cause I won't get caught again
And I'm here to stop the trends
You can catch me if you try
Disappear into the night
And I'm gone
So you made it past all the barbed wires?
There's one more left *

I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence
Sometimes, I did the same
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk—
Sex
She just wanna close her eyes and sway
With you, with you, with you (Ah, come on)
Exercise her right to work it out
It's true, it's true, it's true
Shout out to the birthday girls
Say hey (Hey), say hey (Hey, ah, girl)
Everyone deserves a night to play (Play)
She plays, only when you tell her no
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I'm in it, I love it when I'm in it (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oh, oh

These walls could talk, they'd tell me to swim good
No boat, I float better than he would
No life jacket, I'm not the God of Nazareth
But your flood can be misunderstood
Walls tellin' me they full of pain, resentment
Need someone to live in 'em just to relieve tension
Me, I'm just a tenant
Landlord said these walls vacant more than a minute
These walls are vulnerable, exclamation
Interior pink, color coordinated
I interrogated every nook and cranny
I mean, it's still amazing, before, they couldn't stand me
These walls wanna cry tears
These walls happier when I'm here
These walls never could hold up
Every time I come around, demolition might crush

If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I'm in it, I love it when I'm in it (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oh, oh
These walls could talk, they'd tell me to go deep
Yellin' at me continuously, I can see
Your defense mechanism is my decision
Knock these walls down, that's my religion
Walls feelin' like they ready to close in
I suffocate, then catch my second wind
I resonate in these walls
I don't know how long I can wait in these walls
I've been on the streets too long
Lookin' at you from the outside in
They sing the same old song
About how they walls always the cleanest
I beg to differ, I must've missed them
I'm not involved, I'd rather diss 'em
I'd rather call on you, put your wall up
'Cause when I come around, demolition gon' crush

If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I'm in it, I love it when I'm in it (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oh, oh

If your walls could talk, they'd tell you it's too late
Your destiny accepted your fate
Burn accessories and stash 'em on the yard
Take the recipe, the Bible and God
Wall tellin' you that commissary is low
Race wars happenin', no callin' CO
No callin' your mother to save you
Homies to say you're irrepetible, not acceptable
Your behavior is Sammy the Bull like
A killer that turned snitch
Walls is tellin' me you a bitch
You pray for appeals hopin' the warden would afford them
That sentence so important
Walls tellin' you to listen to "Sing About Me"
Retaliation is strong, you even dream 'bout me
Killed my homeboy and God spared your life
Dumb criminal got indicted same night
So when you play this song, rewind the first verse
About me abusin' my power so you can hurt
About me and her in the shower whenever she horny
About me and her in the after hours of the morning
About her baby daddy currently servin' life
And how she think about you until we meet up at night
About the only girl cared about you when you asked her
And how she fuckin' on a famous rapper
Walls can talk (Talk)

I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel 

If I was the president
I'd pay my mama's rent
Free my homies and them
Bulletproof my Chevy doors
Lay in the White House and get high, Lord
Whoever thought?
Master, take the chains off me!

Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, shit
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Life, can be like, a box of chocolate
Quid pro quo, somethin' for somethin', that's the obvious
Oh shit, flow's so sick, don't you swallow it
Bitin' my style, you're salmonella poison positive
I can just alleviate the rap industry politics
Milk the game up, never lactose intolerant
The last remainder of real shit, you know the obvious
Me, scholarship? No, streets put me through colleges
Be all you can be, true, but the problem is
Dream only a dream if work don't follow it
Remind me of the homies that used to know me, now follow this
I'll tell you my hypothesis, I'm probably just way too loyal
K Dizzle will do it for you, my niggas think I'm a god
Truthfully all of 'em spoiled, usually, you're never charged
But somethin' came over you once I took you to them fuckin' BET Awards
You lookin' at artistses like they're harvestses
So many Rollies around you and you want all of 'em
Somebody told me you thinkin' 'bout snatchin' jewelry
I should've listened when my grandmama said to me:

"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Oh now, slow down"
And once upon a time, in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was five-foot somethin', God bless the kid
Took his homies to the show and this is what they said:
"Fuck am I 'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks?
The constant big money talk 'bout the mansion and foreign whips
The private jets and passport, presidential glass floor
Gold bottles, gold models, givin' up the ass for
Instagram flicks, suckin' dick, fuck is this?
One more sucker wavin' with a flashy wrist
My defense mechanism tell me to get him
Quickly because he got it
It's a recession, then why the fuck he at King of Diamonds?
No more livin' poor, meet my four-four
When I see 'em, put the per diem on the floor
Now Kendrick, know they're your co-workers
But it's gon' take a lot 'fore this pistol go cold turkey
Now I can watch his watch on the TV and be okay
But see I'm on the clock once that watch landin' in LA
Remember steal from the rich and givin' it back to the poor?
Well, that's me at these awards"
I guess my grandmama was warnin' a boy
She said
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Oh now, slow down"

And once upon a time, in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was five-foot something, dazed and confused
Talented but still under the neighborhood ruse
You can take your boy out the hood
But you can't take the hood out the homie
Took his show money, stashed it in the mozey wozey
Hollywood's nervous
Fuck you, goodnight, thank you much for your 

(In the thundering rain)
I recognize your fragrance, hol' up, you ain't never gotta say shit, uh
And I know your taste is a little bit, mmm, high maintenance, uh
Everybody else basic, you live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when
You're in the mood for empathy, it's blood in my pen
Better yet, where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off, fuck that
Pour up plenty of champagne, cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends and y'all curled in that little bitty Range, I heard that
She wanna go and party, she wanna go and party
Nigga, don't approach her with that Atari
Nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry
They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real, PS
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
(An-an-an-an-anytime)
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place)
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
(An-an-an-an-anytime)
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place)
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
(In the thundering rain)
I really hope you play this 'cause, oh, girl, you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs and all these one-off vacations you've been takin'
Clearly a lot for me to take in, it don't make sense
Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin' with your other man
I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane
Take you and your mama to the motherland, I could do it
Maybe one day, when you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's alright here in the city and you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
You were so new to this life, but goddamn, you got adjusted
I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin and your big ass in that sundress, ooh
Good God, what you doin' that walk for?
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
And they say communication save relations, I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write 'em down for real, PS
(An-an-an-an-anytime)
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place)
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
(An-an-an-an-anytime)
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place)
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright

(In the thundering rain)
Every time I write these words, they become a taboo
Makin' sure my punctuation curve, every letter here's true
Livin' my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof
I'm talkin' poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean, you need to hear this
Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin' in the mirror
Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin' for it, maybe, call me crazy, we can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain
I mean, you need to hear this
Love is not just a verb and I can see power steerin'
Sex drive when you swerve, I want that interference, it's coherent, I can hear it, mhm
That's your heartbeat, it either caught me or it called me, mhm
Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, PS
(An-an-an-an-anytime)
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it (And any place)
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song
I'm gon' ask you one more time, homie
Where is you from? Or it is a problem
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ask him if he over here for Sherane
Ayy, you over here for Sherane, homie?
I don't care who this nigga over here for
If he don't tell me where he from, it's a wrap, I'm sorry
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, we gon' do it like this, okay?
I'ma tell you where I'm from, okay?
You gon' tell me where you from, okay?
Or, or, or where your grandma stay
Where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay?
Fuck all this talkin'
As a matter fact, get out the van, homie
Get out the car 'fore I snatch you out that motherfucker, 

If you want to skip to the fun part of the Complaint, it starts here:… Read More Eric S. Reed; Soldier's Hymn Music Inc.; Willie Jones III; and WJ3 Productions, LLC;
v.
Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (a/k/a Kendrick Lamar); William T. Brown (a/k/a Willie B); Mark Anthony Spears (a/k/a Sounwave); TopDawg Entertainment Inc., et al.
1:14-cv-05064
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS EASTERN DIVISIONComplaintPlaintiffs, Eric S. Reed, Soldier’s Hymn Music, Inc., Willie Jones III, and WJ3 Productions, LLC (hereinafter “Plaintiffs”), by and through their attorneys of record, hereby allege as their Complaint against Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (a/k/a Kendrick Lamar); William T. Brown (a/k/a Willie B); Mark Anthony Spears (a/k/a Sounwave); TopDawg Entertainment, Inc.; Reach Music Publishing, Inc.; Four Dott c/o Reach Music Publishing, Inc.; Music From the Boardwalk c/o Reach Music Publishing, Inc.; Sony/ATV Allegro c/o Sony/ATV Tunes, LLC; Beat Bully Productions c/o Sony/ATV Tunes, LLC; Hard Working Black Folks, Inc. c/o WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc.; Top Dawg Music c/o WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc.; WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc.; (collectively, “Defendants”), as follows:NATURE OF THIS ACT1ON1. This is a case of copyright infringement, false designation of origin, misappropriation, unjust enrichment, and diminution of value arising out of Defendants’ creation and exploitation of the highly successful “Rigamortus” song (sometimes spelled “Rigamortis”), of which there are several versions. At the time of filing this Complaint, Plaintiffs are aware of the following versions of “Rigamortus”: “Rigamortus”, Kendrick Lamar:Section.80; “Rigamortus (Remix)”, Kendrick Lamar featuring Busta Rhymes; “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)”, Willie B: Ichiban: Sound in 3D; “Rigamortis Cover”, Kris Bowers; “Rigamortis”, CGP All Stars: All the Kings Men; “Rigamortis (Instrumental)”, Syndicate Sound Labs: Kendrick’s Instrumentals, Vol. 1; “Rigamortis”, Redd: Potential; and “National Rigamortis (Radiohead x Kendrick Lamar)”, the B.E.A.T.: undercover EP. All versions of “Rigamortis/Rigamortus” are copied and adapted from the copyrighted composition and sound recording, “The Thorn”, which was authored, performed, and recorded by Eric Reed (composition) and Willie Jones III (master recording).




2. The sound recordings of “Rigamortus”, “Rigamortus (Remix)”, and “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)” and the compositions embodied therein are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the TDE ‘Rigamortus’ songs”.
3. The sound recording of “The Thorn” and the composition embodied therein, owned by Jones and Reed respectively, are hereinafter referred to as “The Thorn”.
4. Upon information and belief, access to Reed/Jones’ “The Thorn” enabled Defendants to create and exploit the TDE “Rigamortus” songs and remakes, which infringes Reed/Jones’ copyrights in violation of the United States Copyright Act.
5. Defendants did not have permission to use “The Thorn” in any manner whatsoever. Defendants’ acts were committed without the knowledge or consent of Reed, Jones, or anyone affiliated with “The Thorn”.
6. Defendants copyrighted “Rigamortus” in their names with no credit or attribution to Reed or Jones for “The Thorn”.
7. Defendants’ acts were committed willfully and with full knowledge that they had neither obtained nor sought authorization.
8. Defendants committed their acts without payment or offer of payment to Plaintiffs.THE PARTIES9. Plaintiff, Eric S. Reed (hereinafter “Reed”), is an individual musician, composer, and recording artist whose home base is in Los Angeles, California. Although based in California, Reed spends most of the calendar year on the road performing worldwide. Reed  performs in Chicago several times a year.
10. Plaintiff, Soldier’s Hymn Music, Inc. (hereinafter “Soldier’s Hymn”) is a corporation existing under the laws of the state of California. Reed is the founder and sole shareholder of Soldier’s Hymn, which publishes Reed’s musical compositions. Soldier’s Hymn  publishes music that is distributed worldwide, including Chicago, via the Internet and other distribution methods.
11. Plaintiff, Willie Jones III (hereinafter “Jones”), is an individual musician, composer, and recording artist based in Brooklyn, New York. Although based in New York, Jones spends most of the calendar year on the road performing worldwide. Jones performs in Chicago several times a year.
12. Plaintiff, WJ3 Productions, LLC (hereinafter “WJ3”), is a limited liability company existing under the laws of the state of New York. Jones is the founder and sole owner of WJ3, the production company that owns WJ3 records and all of its master recordings. WJ3 distributes music worldwide, including Chicago, via the Internet and other distribution methods.
13. Upon information and belief, Defendant, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (a/k/a Kendrick Lamar) (hereinafter “Lamar”), is an individual hip-hop artist who travels extensively doing live performances all over the world. Lamar has strong ties to Chicago, a fact noted in the 2011 Pitchfork documentary film Radio Run. Both of Lamar’s parents are from Chicago, and several of Lamar’s family members live in Chicago. Lamar travels to Chicago frequently,  performing at Pitchfork Music Festival in 2012 and 2014, Lollapalooza in 2013, Congress Theater in 2012, United Center in 2013. Lamar works with Chicago hip hop artists Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, and BJ the Chicago Kid. Lamar has performed the infringing “Rigamortus” in Chicago. Lamar’s music, including “Rigamortus”, is sold via the Internet for digital download as well as hard copy distribution in Chicago and the rest of the world. CD copies of “Rigamortus” have been sold and distributed in Chicago.
14. Upon information and belief, Defendant, William T. Brown (a/k/a Willie B) (hereinafter “Brown”) is an individual hip-hop producer and member of TopDawg’s Digi+phonics production group, which works with Chicago artist BJ the Chicago Kid. Copies of his recording Ichiban: Sound in 3D, which includes the infringing “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)” have been sold in Chicago. Brown does business worldwide, including Chicago,  by virtue of digital distribution and sale of music, online streaming, online video (YouTube), etc.
15. Upon information and belief, Defendant, Mark Anthony Spears (a/k/a Sounwave) (hereinafter “Spears”) is an individual hip-hop producer and member of TopDawg’s Digi+phonics production group, which works with Chicago artist BJ the Chicago Kid. Spears is listed as a copyright claimant for “Rigamortus” as registered with the American Society of Composers Authors and Publishers (hereinafter “ASCAP”) and the Harry Fox Agency (hereinafter “HFA”). Spears does business worldwide, including Chicago, by virtue of digital distribution and sale of music, online streaming, online video (YouTube), etc.
16. Upon information and belief, Defendant, TopDawg Entertainment, Inc. is a corporation existing under the laws of the State of California. TopDawg sells and distributes the infringing songs worldwide, including in Chicago, and TopDawg artist, Kendrick Lamar,  performs the infringing songs in Chicago.
17. Upon information and belief, Defendants, Sony/ATV Allegro c/o Sony/ATV Tunes, LLC and Beat Bully Productions c/o Sony/ATV Tunes, LLC are affiliated with Sony/ATV Music Publishing, LLC, the largest music publisher in the world. Sony ATV is headquartered in New York with related companies worldwide. ASCAP records for these Defendants provide a Nashville, TN contact address. As publishers of the infringing song, these Defendants participate in and benefit from all infringing activities committed everywhere. These Defendants are listed as copyright claimants for “Rigamortus” as registered with ASCAP. These Defendants do business worldwide, including Chicago, by virtue of digital distribution and sale of music, online streaming, online video (YouTube), etc.
18. Upon information and belief, Defendants, Reach Music Publishing, Inc., Four Dott c/o Reach Music Publishing, Inc., and Music From the Boardwalk c/o Reach Music Publishing, Inc. are affiliated with Reach Music Publishing, Inc., headquartered in California and doing business worldwide. As publishers of the infringing songs, these Defendants participate in and benefit from all infringing activities committed everywhere. These Defendants are listed as copyright claimants for “Rigamortus” as registered with ASCAP and HFA. These Defendants do business worldwide, including Chicago, by virtue of digital distribution and sale of music, online streaming, online video (YouTube), etc.
19. Upon information and belief, Defendants Hard Working Black Folks, Inc. c/o WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc., Top Dawg Music c/o WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc., WB Music Corp. c/o Warner Chappell Music, Inc. are affiliated with Warner Brothers Music Corp., headquartered in California and doing business worldwide. As publishers of the infringing songs, these Defendants participate in and benefit from all infringing activities committed everywhere. These Defendants are listed as copyright claimants for “Rigamortus” as registered with ASCAP and HFA. These Defendants do business worldwide, including Chicago, by virtue of digital distribution and sale of music, online streaming, online video (YouTube), etc.JURISDICTION AND VENUE20. This action arises under the United States Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 101 et seq. (hereinafter, “the Copyright Act”) and the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1125.
21. This Court has original subject matter jurisdiction over this Complaint pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1331 (federal question jurisdiction); § 1332 (action between citizens of different states with an amount in controversy exceeding $75,000, exclusive of interest and costs, as to each Defendant); and § 1338(a) and (b) (jurisdiction over copyright actions).
22. Venue is properly laid in this district pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1391(b) & (c). Upon information and belief, Defendants may be found in this District and a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to these claims have occurred and are occurring in this District.
23. This court has personal jurisdiction over each of the Defendants because each Defendant regularly conducts business in this District of the State of Illinois and therefore has substantial and continuous contacts within this judicial District; because each Defendant has  purposefully availed itself of the privileges of conducting business in this judicial District and reasonably should expect their infringing conduct to have consequences in the State of Illinois;  because each Defendant derives substantial revenue from goods/services used or consumed in the State of Illinois; and/or because each Defendant has committed infringing acts inside the State of Illinois.FACTSEric Reed – Pianist and Author of “The Thorn” Composition24. Eric Reed is a pianist, composer, arranger, producer, recording artist, and  bandleader who has been playing and writing music for most of his life.
25. Reed began playing the piano at age two, was playing piano in church by age five, and began formal music training at age seven. His formal training began at Settlement Music School in Philadelphia and continued at the R. D. Colburn School of the Arts in Los Angeles.
26. Reed met Wynton Marsalis as a teen while at the Colburn School. Less than two years later, Reed toured briefly with Marsalis and joined the famed trumpeter’s septet the following year. Reed also worked with the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra for two years,  before embarking on his career as a leader.
27. Reed has worked with jazz legends such as Joe Henderson, Freddie Hubbard, Clark Terry, Elvin Jones, Ron Carter, and Benny Carter. Other top artists that have shared the stage and/or studio with Reed are Cassandra Wilson, Dianne Reeves, Christian McBride, PattiLabelle, Edwin Hawkins, Natalie Cole, Kathleen Battle, Jessye Norman, Tovah Feldshuh, Richard Smallwood, Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, and Quincy Jones. 29. Reed’s discography boasts at least 50 recordings, many of which have received critical acclaim. Reed appears on Marsalis’ Pulitzer-Prize winning Blood on the Fields and Grammy® nominated Buggy Ride.
30. As a leader, Reed has earned a position on Billboard’s Top Jazz Album list three times for his recordings The Swing and I, Pure Imagination, and Manhattan Melodies.
31. Reed is an accomplished composer who has written over 100 songs and has scored music for independent and mainstream films including Life, featuring Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence. Many of Reed’s original compositions have been recorded and/or performed  by Reed himself or other musicians. In addition to Jones, artists such as Christian McBride, Rodney Whitaker, Marcus Printup, Jeremy Pelt, Edwin Hawkins, Gregory Tardy, Wycliffe Gordon, and Sherman Irby have recorded and/or performed Reed’s original music.
32. Reed publishes his music through his own company, Soldier’s Hymn, a California corporation of which he is the sole shareholder.
33. Reed composed “The Thorn” in 2009 for Willie Jones III’s 2010 recording The  Next Phase (WJ3).
34. Reed’s claim of authorship in “The Thorn” is registered with the United States Copyright Office, Registration Number Pau 3-682-265.Willie Jones III – Drummer and Producer/Owner of “The Thorn” Sound Recording35. Willie Jones III is a drummer, composer, bandleader, and record producer who has been playing and writing music for most of his life.
36. Jones is the son of jazz pianist, Willie Jones II, and has been playing drums since early childhood. By his teens, Jones III was performing with distinguished musicians, and earned a full scholarship to the California Institute of the Arts where he studied under jazz legend Albert “Tootie” Heath. Early in his career, Jones was a semi-finalist in the prestigious Thelonious Monk Jazz Drum Competition and founded the group Black Note, winner of the John Coltrane Young Artist Competition.
37. Jones has worked with jazz legends Milt Jackson, Sonny Rollins, Bobby Hutcherson, Wynton Marsalis, Cedar Walton, Frank Wess, Houston Person, Herbie Hancock, Hank Jones, and Horace Silver.
39. Jones’ discography comprises at least 40 recordings, several of which have enjoyed tremendous success and even Grammy® nominations/wins. As a member of Arturo Sandoval’s band, Jones was featured on the group’s Grammy® winning recording Hot House (N2K). Jones also appeared on Kurt Elling’s Grammy® nominated Night Moves (Concord). For eight years, Jones was a member of the Roy Hargrove Quintet with whom he recorded four of the band’s well-known releases: Moment to Moment, Hard Groove, Nothing Serious, and RH Factor’s Distractions (Verve). Jones released his first recording as a leader in 2000 on his own WJ3 label. Since then, WJ3 has released 13 recordings by Jones and other artists including Reed, Cyrus Chestnut, Jacques Lesure, and Justin Robinson.
40. WJ3 is a New York limited liability company founded and owned by Jones, which comprises the WJ3 record label.
42. In 2010, Jones’ WJ3 label released The Next Phase. “The Thorn” is the opening track on the album. The recording features Jones on drums and Reed on piano.
43. The CD liner attributes authorship of “The Thorn” to Reed and the back cover  bears a copyright notice that reads: © + (P) 2009 WJ3 RECORDS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. WJ31008. UNAUTHORIZED DUPLICATION IS A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS.
44. Jones’ claim of copyright in the sound recording is registered with the United States Copyright Office, Registration Number SR0000721860. The certificate incorrectly lists the publication date as 01/01/2009. This inadvertent error will be corrected via form CA.Reed and Jones’ Creation, Authorship, and Ownership of “The Thorn”45. Reed and Jones have been recording together for WJ3 since 1996. Their first WJ3 release was Volume 1 … Straight Swingin’, followed by Volume 2 …Don’t Knock the Swing, Volume 3, The Next Phase, and most recently Willie Jones III Sextet Plays the Max Roach Songbook. With the exception of the Max Roach Songbook , all of these recordings feature compositions authored by Reed.
46. Reed composed “The Thorn” in 2009 for WJ3 release The Next Phase. “The Thorn” is a hard swinging track featuring an extremely distinctive and catchy hook that is the refrain of the song. The recording is infectiously rhythmic with clever melodic triplets throughout the hook played expertly by a tight rhythm section and commanding horns.
47. Recording sessions took place at Systems Two Studios in Brooklyn, New York on October 15 and December 17, 2009. The band consisted of Reed on piano, Jones on drums, Dezron Douglas on bass, Warren Wolf on vibes, Greg Tardy on tenor saxophone, and Steve Davis on trombone.
48.The Next Phase was released on July 20, 2010, featuring Reed’s “The Thorn as the opening track. Copies of the recording were available for purchase through iTunes, EMusic, Amazon, and CDBaby.
49.The Next Phase was available for listening on various streaming services including Spotify, Pandora, and Rhapsody.Defendants’ Infringement of “The Thorn”50. Neither Reed nor Jones granted permission to any of the Defendants to use “The Thorn” in any manner whatsoever. Defendants’ use of “The Thorn” was completely unauthorized and without the knowledge or consent of owners Reed and Jones.
51. Upon information and belief, after obtaining copies of and/or listening to “The Thorn”, one or all of the Defendants created a sound recording titled “Rigamortus”, which was a track on Lamar’s
Section.80 (TopDawg).
52. “Rigamortus” is a hip-hip recording consisting entirely of the refrain from “The Thorn” sound recording with lyrics added and performed by Lamar.
53. “The Thorn” is not merely a part of “Rigamortus” or even the heart of “Rigamortus”; it is “Rigamortus”. The distinctive and catchy refrain from “The Thorn” sound recording, sped up a bit, repeats as a continuous loop throughout the entire “Rigamortus” song while Lamar raps over it. The clever melodic triplets, infectious rhythm, and commanding horns from “The Thorn” are copied to “Rigamortus” directly from Jones’ sound recording. Defendants did not play any instruments or contribute any original musical performance to the “Rigamortus” sound recording. The instrumental element of “Rigamortus” and the composition that it embodies are owned and authored entirely by Jones and Reed respectively.
54. The lyrics to “Rigamortus” and the performance thereof are the only elements of “Rigamortus” not copied directly from “The Thorn”.
55. Despite having contributed no original music to “Rigamortus”, Lamar and Brown registered their claim of copyright in the composition “Rigamortus” with the Copyright Office as reflected by Registration No. PA0001856022. Their authorship is described as music and lyrics. Records on file with ASCAP and the HFA show Lamar, Brown, and Spears as authors, listing them and their associated publishers along with TopDawg Entertainment as copyright claimants entitled to royalties.
56. Upon information and belief, after obtaining copies of and/or listening to “The Thorn”, one or all of the Defendants created a sound recording titled “Rigamortus (Remix)” featuring famous rapper, Busta Rhymes (TopDawg).
57. “Rigamortus (Remix)” is nearly identical to “Rigamortus”, containing the same musical elements from “The Thorn” as “Rigamortus”, only with additional lyrics performed and  presumably authored by Busta Rhymes.
58. “Rigamortus (Remix)” was released as a single by TopDawg Entertainment.
59. ASCAP records for “Rigamortus (Remix)” list only Brown as sole author, despite that he contributed no original musical authorship to the work, and the Remix is a mere variation of “Rigamortus”.
60. Upon information and belief, after obtaining copies of and/or listening to “The Thorn”, one or all of the Defendants created a sound recording titled “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)” (TopDawg).
61. “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)” was released on Ichiban: Sound in 3D by Defendant, Brown (TopDawg).
62. “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)” does not feature lyrics or vocal performances and consists only of the repeating loop that was taken from “The Thorn” with minor sonic embellishments and studio sound effects added. Authorship in the sound recording and the underlying musical composition belong entirely to Reed and Jones.Striking Similarity of the Works61. The TDE “Rigamortus” songs all consist of the repeating loop of the distinctive and catchy refrain from “The Thorn” sound recording.
62. “The Thorn” and the TDE “Rigamortus” songs feature clever melodic triplets, infectious rhythm, and commanding horns.
63. The TDE “Rigamortus” songs’ striking similarity to “The Thorn” is obvious, even to non-musicians. Jones and Reed became aware of the infringing “Rigamortus” through non-musicians who brought the Lamar recording to their attention. After performing “The Thorn” live at Dizzy’s Club Coca-Cola in New York, Reed was approached by two separate members of the audience who exclaimed that Lamar sampled the song. A high school friend of Jones’ saw Lamar’s “Rigamortus” video, immediately recognized “The Thorn”, and contacted Jones. The Wikipedia page for Section.80 states: “ ‘Rigamortus’ contains a sample of ‘The Thorn’ as  performed by Willie Jones III”, and the website found at www.whosampled.com (image below) states that music from “The Thorn” appears throughout “Rigamortus”, even though Lamar’s album does not list “The Thorn” or its authors among the album credits.64. Pianist Kris Bowers covered “Rigamortus”, spelling it “Rigamortis” and stating that the Lamar recording contains music from “The Thorn”, written by Reed and recorded on Jones’ The Next Phase.
65. All versions of “Rigamortus” and “Rigamortis”, starting with the TDE “Rigamortus” songs and including covers, remakes, remixes, and other variations thereof are infringing derivative works adapted from “The Thorn”.Access to Reed/Jones’ “The Thorn”66. “The Thorn” appeared on The Next Phase, which was released to the worldwide general public for purchase on July 20, 2010. Online retailers iTunes, Amazon, and CDBaby carried the recording for anyone to purchase.
67. “The Thorn” was available for listening via streaming audio on the Internet from Spotify, Rhapsody, Pandora, and others on the July 20, 2010 release date.
68. Upon information and belief, one or all of the Defendants obtained a copy of “The Thorn” and copied it in order to make the TDE “Rigamortus” songs in 2011.
69. Neither Reed nor Jones nor their affiliated companies gave permission to any of the Defendants to copy, use, or otherwise exploit any of their music in any form whatsoever. Defendants appropriated “The Thorn” without the knowledge or consent of the rightful owners of the song and sound recording. Defendants did so willfully; fully aware that the music they appropriated was not theirs and that they did not have permission to use it.
69. Defendants did not attribute any of the musical element of the TDE “Rigamortus” songs to Reed or Jones. No album credit or other acknowledgement was afforded Reed and Jones for “The Thorn”.
69. Brown has made it of record that he is an avid listener of jazz and relative of trumpet legend Clifford Brown.
70. On September 7, 2011, Brown contacted Reed via facebook and inquired: “I need to ask you a question about sampling ..Like if I were to sample your work for a hip hop record.. What would your feelings be about that?”
71. Unaware that “The Thorn” had already been misappropriated by Brown, Reed replied by suggesting that they talk in more detail in the future. Reed did not consent to the use of any of his music in any part of the exchange with Brown.
71. In a video posted to his own YouTube channel on September 17, 2011, producer Brown demonstrates exactly how he “created” “Rigamortus”. The caption on the YouTube page lists the following description for the video: “Willie B plays the original sample of ‘Rigamortus’ and shows the session in fruityloops. #HiiiPoWer.” The video opens with Brown addressing viewers and then shifts to his computer from which he plays “The Thorn” and the monitor reads: “Willie Jones III The Thorn”. The entire video is 2:31 in length and no instruments are used. Only the computer and the sound recording of “The Thorn” are used to create “Rigamortus” in less than three minutes.



72. In an interview posted on istandardproducers.com, Brown stated that the “Rigamortus” instrumental track was something he made in his mother’s back room with his only contribution being production. He went on to say that the track was really for a rap song that he wrote titled “The Thorn”.Defendants’ Exploitation of “Rigamortus” and Other Infringing Derivative Works and Benefits Derived Therefrom73. “Rigamortus” was released for worldwide purchase via the Internet as part of Lamar’s acclaimed
Section.80 (TopDawg).
74. At the time of filing this Complaint, Plaintiffs are aware of the following versions of the infringing “Rigamortus”: “Rigamortus”, Kendrick Lamar:Section.80; “Rigamortus (Remix)”, Kendrick Lamar featuring Busta Rhymes; “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)”, Willie B:Ichiban: Sound in 3D; “Rigamortis Cover”, Kris Bowers; “Rigamortis”, CGP All Stars: All the  Kings Men; “Rigamortis (Instrumental)”, Syndicate Sound Labs: Kendrick’s Instrumentals, Vol. 1; “Rigamortis”, Redd:Potential; and “National Rigamortis (Radiohead x Kendrick Lamar)”, the B.E.A.T.:undercover EP.
75. All songs listed in the preceding paragraph are being sold, performed, licensed, and otherwise exploited for money by the Defendants.
76. The numerous remakes, remixes, and excessive exploitation of “Rigamortus” are a testament to the immense popularity of the musical portion of the song. However, they have saturated the airwaves and diminished the market for licensing “The Thorn” for use by other  producers.
77. Pharrell Williams praised Lamar as one of the next great hip hop artists, citing Rigamortis as a favorite and saying: “I LOVE -- that jazz sh*t”. (The image below is the moment when Williams expressed his love of the jazz.) Since then, Lamar has collaborated with Williams on music featured in the soundtrack to the film The Amazing Spider Man 2.78. Lady Gaga also is a known fan of Lamar’s, tweeting the hashtag #Rigamortis on July 4, 2011 before attending his performance at Pitchfork music festival in Chicago.
79. In an interview posted on hiphopdx.com, Brown states that “Rigamortus” opened doors for him and “catapulted” his career.
80. As the listed copyright claimants to “Rigamortus”, Defendants collect and/or are  believed to be entitled to collect royalties and licensing revenue from all exploitation of “Rigamortus” including but not limited to remakes, remixes, videos, and streaming.
81. Terrence “Punch” Henderson, co-president of TopDawg Entertainment told Billboard Magazine in an interview that appeared in the March 8, 2014 issue that Section.80 sold more than 130,000 copies.
82. Upon information and belief, each and all of the Defendants infringed “The Thorn”, and they knew, or should have known, of the infringing acts of each of the other Defendants, and they materially contributed to the infringement alleged herein.
81. As a result of their wrongful conduct, Defendants are liable to Reed, Jones, Soldier’s Hymn, and WJ3 for copyright infringement pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 501, false designation of origin pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 1125, misappropriation pursuant to 36 C.F.R. § 2.30, unjust enrichment, and diminution of value.
82. Reed and Jones have suffered, and will continue to suffer, substantial losses as a result of Defendants’ conduct complained of herein.
83. Reed, Jones, Soldier’s Hymn, and WJ3 are entitled to recover damages, which include their losses and any and all profits Defendants have made as a result of their wrongful conduct pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 504.
84. Upon information and belief, Defendants are, and at all times material hereto have  been, acting in concert with the knowledge and consent of each other, and each and all of the Defendants jointly and severally participated in the infringing activities set forth herein, and each Defendant was acting within the course and scope of employment, partnership, and/or agency with the other, and each of the Defendants is jointly and severally liable for the injuries to Reed, Jones, Soldier’s Hymn, and WJ3 alleged herein.FIRST CLAIM FOR RELIEF Copyright Infringement, 17 U.S.C. §§ 101 et. seq.85. Plaintiffs allege and incorporate by reference paragraphs 1-84, as though fully set forth herein.
86. Jones’ WJ3 is the sole copyright owner of the sound recording “The Thorn”, which Defendants willfully infringed.
87. Reed and his Soldier’s Hymn are the sole copyright owner and publisher of the composition “The Thorn”, embodied in the sound recording of the same name, which Defendants willfully infringed.
88. Defendants are directly liable for copyright infringement because, after obtaining access to “The Thorn”, they copied the copyrighted work to create the TDE “Rigamortus” songs: “Rigamortus”, “Rigamortus (Remix)” and “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)”, all infringing derivative works.
89. TopDawg Entertainment is directly liable for copyright infringement because it sells, distributes, and licenses the infringing TDE “Rigamortus” songs and sound recordings for remakes, derivative works, and synchronization with video elements and other infringing uses.
90. All defendants are directly liable for copyright infringement because they license the TDE “Rigamortus” songs for remakes and derivative works including “Rigamortis Cover”, "Kris Bowers; “Rigamortis”, CGP All Stars: All the Kings Men; “Rigamortis (Instrumental)”, Syndicate Sound Labs: Kendrick’s Instrumentals, Vol. 1; “Rigamortis”, Redd: Potential ; and “National Rigamortis (Radiohead x Kendrick Lamar)”, the B.E.A.T.: undercover EP.
91. The unauthorized copying, adaptation, performance, and distribution of works copied and derived from “The Thorn” constitute violations of the United States Copyright Act, and each and all Defendants are acting as direct infringers pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 101 et. seq.
92. As a direct and proximate result of the wrongful conduct of Defendants, Reed/Soldier’s Hymn and Jones/WJ3 have suffered and continue to suffer substantial money damages at an amount to be proven at trial.SECOND CLAIM FOR RELIEF Contributory Copyright Infringement93. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate herein by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-92 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein. 94. Each Defendant is liable for contributory infringement in that each knew or should have known of the infringing activity alleged herein, and knowingly induced, caused and/or materially contributed to the infringing acts alleged herein, by aiding in the creation, development and/or exploitation of all of the works alleged herein to be infringing. 95. The acts and conduct of each Defendant, as alleged herein, constitute contributory copyright infringement.THIRD CLAIM FOR RELIEF Vicarious Copyright Infringement96. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-95 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein.
97. Each Defendant is liable for vicarious copyright infringement in that each had the right, authority, and the ability to control or supervise the actions, failures, and omissions alleged herein that violated Plaintiffs’ copyrights in “The Thorn”.
98. The acts and conduct of each Defendant, as alleged herein, constitute vicarious copyright infringement.
FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF False Designation of Origin, 15 U.S.C. § 1125
99. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-98 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein. 100. Defendants’ failure to attribute authorship to Plaintiffs and Defendants’ registration, licensing, and promotion of the various “Rigamortus” songs as their creation constitutes false designation of origin under the Lanham Act.FOURTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF Misappropriation, 36 C.F.R. § 2.30101. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-100 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein. 102. Defendants obtained Plaintiffs’ musical performance of “The Thorn” and the composition embodied therein, exploited these properties in numerous ways for pecuniary gain and career advancement. Defendants neither paid Plaintiffs nor offered to pay them. 103. Defendants are liable for misappropriation in that they obtained Plaintiffs’  property or services without making payment or offering to pay.FIFTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF Unjust Enrichment104. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-103 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein.
104. Defendants enjoyed monetary benefits, artistic accolades, and career amplification at Plaintiffs’ expense. By using Plaintiffs’ work without permission, payment, or artistic credit to Plaintiffs, Defendants have enjoyed the financial and career benefits of a hit recording without any of the cost normally associated with such endeavors. Defendants did not even incur the usual expense of recording; this cost was borne by WJ3 when “The Thorn” was recorded.
105. Defendants are aware of the benefits they have enjoyed as a direct result of their wrongdoing.SIXTH CLAIM FOR RELIEF Diminution of Value106. Plaintiffs re-allege and incorporate by reference the allegations set forth in  paragraphs 1-105 inclusive, as though fully set forth herein.
107. The numerous versions of “Rigamortus” by TopDawg artists and their licensees has saturated the airwaves with “The Thorn”, thereby diminishing its value. This market saturation has effectively destroyed any opportunity Plaintiffs would have had to license “The Thorn” to the producer of their choice.
108. Artists and producers far more successful than the Defendants (such as “Happy”  phenom, Pharrell Williams and pop queen Lady Gaga) have openly expressed their love of “The Thorn” through their praise of the “Rigamortus” instrumental. Plaintiffs’ opportunity to license “The Thorn” for use by artists and/or producers on that level has been eliminated by Defendants’ excessive exploitation of the song.
WHEREFORE, Reed/Soldier’s Hymn and Jones/WJ3 pray as set forth above and for the following relief:
(i) Ordering Defendants to immediately cease and desist all exploitation of all versions of “Rigamortus”/”Rigamortis” and their derivatives and remakes and associated audiovisual works;
(ii) Ordering the impoundment and destruction of all infringing articles;
(iii) Ordering Defendants to transfer to Plaintiffs all copyrights in “Rigamortus”, “Rigamortus (Remix)”, and “Rigamortus (Full Instrumental)”, including but not limited to copyright in the sound recordings and underlying compositions in all versions of the songs;
(iv) Ordering Defendants to amend all U.S. Copyright Registrations, ASCAP Registrations and HFA Registrations so that all Defendants are removed and replaced by Plaintiffs as authors and copyright claimants;
(v) Ordering Defendants, jointly and severally, to pay Plaintiffs damages they have sustained and will sustain, and any income, gains, profits, and advantages obtained by Defendants as a result of their wrongful acts alleged hereinabove, in an amount according to  proof but not less than $1,000,000.00;
(vi) Full disgorgement of Defendants’ profits from the infringement;
(vii) Ordering Defendants to pay to Plaintiffs all royalties earned now and in the future from all versions of “Rigamortus”/”Rigamortis” without deductions for any expenses or disbursements such as recording costs;
(viii) Ordering Defendants, jointly and severally, to pay Plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees, expenses, and costs incurred in connection with this action, in an amount which cannot yet be
(ix) Ordering Defendants, jointly and severally, to pay to Plaintiffs pre- and post- judgment interest;
(x) Ordering Defendants, jointly and severally, to acknowledge Plaintiffs as authors and creators of the “Rigamortus” sound recordings and underlying compositions, and all derivative works which have been released or authorized and will be released or authorized, indirectly or directly, by Defendants;
(xi) Ordering Defendants publicly to acknowledge the infringement and apologize to Reed, Jones, and the other musicians who made possible their success;
(xii) For such further relief and remedies the Court may deem just and proper.JURY TRIAL DEMANDEDPlaintiffs hereby request a trial by jury on each claim for relief alleged in the Complaint.
Dated: July 2, 2014
ERIC S. REED/SOLDIER’S HYMN MUSIC, INC.
WILLIE JONES, III/WJ3 PRODUCTIONS, LLC
By their attorneys,
_/s/ Rochelle Claerbaut
ROCHELLE CLAERBAUT, PC

Charles G. Albert,
ALBERT, WHITEHEAD, 

(Crazy, what you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep movin' (Keep movin'), turn the mic up
(Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this, nigga
I love myself
Uh, and when you lookin' at me, ah, tell me what do you see? (I love myself)
Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the poli' (I love myself)
Huh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't seem shy
(I love myself)
Huh (Walk my bare feet), huh (Walk my bare feet)
Huh (Down, down valley deep), huh (Down, down valley deep)
(I love myself) Huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum), huh (Fi-fie-fo-fum)
(I love myself) Huh (My heart undone), one, two, three

I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it 'til I get it right (Oh, no)
I went to war last night (Night, night, night, night, woo)
I've been dealin' with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and lettin' them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm movin' at a meteor speed
Finna run into a buildin', lay my body—
(*Offstage argument*)
Ayy, hold on, woah, woah, stop all this
Not on my, not while I'm up here
Not on my time, kill the music, not on my time
We could save that shit for the streets
We could save that shit, this for the kids, bro
2015, niggas tired of playin' victim, dog
Niggas ain't trying to play vic— TuTu, how many niggas we done lost?
How many, Yan-Yan, how many we lost?
No, for real, answer the que— how many niggas we done lost, bro?
This, this year alone?
Exactly, so we, we ain't got time to waste time, my nigga
Niggas gotta make time, bro
The judge make time, you know that, the judge make time, right?
The judge make time so it ain't shit
It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left, dog
On the dead homies, Charlie P, you know that, bro, you know that
Right, it's man— it's mando, right, it's mando
And I s— and I, and I, and I say this because I, I love you niggas, man
I love all my niggas, bro
Exac— enough said, enough said
And we gon' get back to the show and move on, because that shit petty, my nigga
Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check
We gon' do some acapella shit before we get back to a—
All my niggas listen, listen to this
I promised Dave I'd never use the phrase "fuck nigga"
He said, "Think about what you saying, 'Fuck niggas'
No better than Samuel on Django
No better than a white man with slave boats"
Sound like I needed some soul searchin'
My pops gave me some game in real person
Retraced my steps on what they never taught me
Did my homework fast before government caught me
So I'ma dedicate this one verse to Oprah
On how the infamous, sensitive N-word control us
So many artists gave her an explanation to hole us
Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S, definition: royalty, king royalty, wait, listen
N-E-G-U-S, description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish
The history books overlooked the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize we been usin' it wrong
So I'ma break it down and put my game in a song
N-E-G-U-S, say it with me, or say it no more
Black stars can come and get me
Take it from Oprah Winfrey, tell her she right on time
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest Negus alive
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​


I'm with this
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Ooh, complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)

Uh, dark as the midnight hour or bright as the mornin' sun
Give a fuck about your complexion, I know what the Germans done
Sneak (Dissin')
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance, you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master listenin', cover your ears, he 'bout to mention
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Ooh, complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Uh, dark as the midnight hour, or bright as the mornin' sun
Brown skinned, but your blue eyes tell me your mama can't run
Sneak (Dissin')
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance, you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master's listenin', I got the world's attention
So I'ma say somethin' that's vital and critical for survival
Of mankind, a feline color should never rival
Beauty is what you make it, I used to be so mistaken
By different shades of faces
Then Whit' told me, "A woman is woman, love the creation"
It all came from God, then you was my confirmation
I came to where you reside
And looked around to see more sights for sore eyes
Let the Willie Lynch theory reverse a million times with...
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Ooh, complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
(Where the homegirl Rapsody at?
I need you to speak your mind real quick, loved one!)
Let me talk my Stu Scott, 'scuse me on my 2Pac
Keep your head up when the juice stop, loving thy
Color of your skin? Color of your eyes
That's the real blues, baby, like you met Jay's baby, uh
You blew me away, you think more beauty in blue, green and grey
All my solemn men up north, twelve years a slave
Twelve years of age, thinkin' my shade too dark
I love myself, I no longer need Cupid
Enforcin' my dark side like a young George Lucas
Light don't mean you smart, bein' dark don't make you stupid
And frame of mind for them bustas, ain't talkin' "Woo-hah!"
Need a paradox for the pair of doc's they tutored
Like two Todd's, L-L, you lose two times
If you don't see you beautiful in your complexion
It ain't complex to put it in context
Find the air beneath the kite, that's the context
Yeah, baby, I'm conscious, ain't no contest
If you like it, I love it, all your earth tones been blessed
Ain't no stress, jiggaboos wanna be
I ain't talkin' Jay, I ain't talkin' Bey
I'm talkin' days we got school watchin' movie screens
And spike your self-esteem
The new James Bond gon' be black as me
Black as brown, hazelnut, cinnamon, black tea
And it's all beautiful to me
Call your brothers magnificent, call all the sisters queens
We all on the same team, blues and pirus, know colors ain't a thing
Barefoot babies with no care
Teenage gun toters that don't play fair, should I get out the car?
I don't see Compton, I see something much worse
The land of the landmines, the hell that's on 

All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours

Goddamn, I feel amazin', damn, I'm in the Matrix
My mind is livin' on cloud nine and this 9 is never on vacation
Start up that Maserati and, vroom, vroom, I'm racin'
Poppin' pills in the lobby and I pray they don't find her naked
And I pray you niggas is hatin', shooters go after Judas
Jesus Christ, if I live life on my knees, ain't no need to do this
Park it in front of Lueders, next to that Church's Chicken
All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winnin', screamin'

All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Goddamn, I got bitches (Okay), damn, I got bitches (Okay)
Damn, I got bitches (Yeah), wifey, girlfriend, and mistress
All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower

I got twenty-five lighter on my dresser, yes, sir
Put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
And it make me cum fast, but I never get embarrassed
And I recognize you have what I've been wantin' since that record
That Adina Howard had, pop it fast to impress her
She rollin', I'm holdin' my scrotum, imposin'
This voice here is golden, so fuck y'all, I goes in, and

All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours

Goddamn, I got bitches, damn, I got bitches
Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress
All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or, nigga, it's go time
I roll in dough with a good grind
And I run that ho with a baton
That's a relay race with a bouquet
They say, "K, you gon' marry mines"
Biatch, no way, biatch, no way
Biatch, no way, biatch, okay
I'm never livin' life confined
It's a failure even if I'm blind
I can tell you who, what, when, where
How to sell your game right on time
Biatch, go play, biatch, go play
Biatch, go play, biatch, I look like O.J.
Killin' everything from pussy to a motherfuckin' Hit-Boy beat
She pussy poppin' and I got options like an audible, I be
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win, then ball at your defeat
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city mobbin' in the street, yellin'

All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours

Goddamn, I got bitches, damn, I got bitches
Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend, and mistress
All my life, I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
Let it run, Ali
Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a 

Look inside these walls and you see I'm havin' withdrawals
Of a prisoner on his way
Trapped inside your desire to fire bullets that stray
Track attire just tell you I'm tired and ran away
I should ask a choir, "What do you require
To sing a song that acquire me to have faith?"
As the record spin, I should pray
For the record, I recognize that I'm easily prey
I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity buildin', it's probably big as a buildin'
Me jumpin' off of the roof is me just playin' it safe
But what am I 'posed to do when the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't but know I'm accustomed to
Just a couple that look for trouble and live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walkin' from Bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place, they was wonderin' if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind 'cause one day, you'll respect the good kid, m.A.A.d city
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
All I see is strobe lights, blindin' me in my hindsight
Findin' me by myself, promise me you can help
In all honesty, I got time to be copacetic until
You had finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head-on collision that folded me standin' still
I can never pick out the difference and grade a cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the mornin', I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignorin' my purpose to persevere
As a better person—I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I 'posed to do when the blinkin' of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof and your dog has to say woof
And you ask, "Lift up your shirt," because you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard 'em chatter, "He's probably young, but I know that he's down
Step on his neck as hard as your bullet-proof vest
He don't mind, he know we'll never respect the good kid, m.A.A.d. city"
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
All I see in this room—20's, Xannies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane
Society? It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim, I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm, inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room with 20's, Xannies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy, I lost it, I feel it's nothin' to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt to good kid, m.A.A.d. city
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, 

Get God on the phone
Said it won't be long
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams
My hood going brazy
Where did we go wrong?
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams
Get Top on the phone
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Tell the squad come home
We gon' ball again 'fore he call us home
World is going brazy, where did we go wrong?
It's a tidal wave, it's a thunderdome
Get God on the phone
I just got a raise (I just got a raise)
Spent it all on me (I spent it all on me)
Diamonds all appraised (Diamonds all appraised)
And I'm bossing up (And I'm bossing up)
Bitch, get out the way (Bitch, get out the way)
I'm the only way, we can fornicate
Ah, pimping and posing, look what I drove in, ah
Having these hoes and I know that I'm chosen, ah
I live by the code and me and my bros and, ah
My dollars ain't foldin', you was never the homie

Seen black turn 'em Burgundy
Hundred of them, I know I'm greedy
Stuck inside the belly of the beast
Can you please pray for me?

Get God on the phone
Said it won't be long
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams
My hood going brazy
Where did we go wrong?
I see jigaboos, I see Styrofoams
Get Top on the phone
(What's up, my nigga?)
Cornrow Kenny, he was born with a vision
All morning with the mixed dashboards, triple digits
Parallel park like an alien came visit
Slideshow for the night show, ten bitches
Find hoes with a blindfold, King Kendrick
(Hello, Billy)
So many plays, homie, I finesse
Palisade views with some sex
I lost a lot of love for missionary
This the first time I confess
Me and Top is like a Kobe and Phil
A father figure fuck with him, you get killed
Fuck with me and he will kill you himself
TDE the mafia of the west
Move in silence, yeah, we juggin’ like that
Act of violence, yeah, we juggin’ like that
I did a lot of dumb shit in my past
Lord forgive me, hoping I don't relapse
Dave just bought a new 911
Almost thought I’d seen another plane crash
Q just bought a brand new McLaren
Rock-a-lack about to buy the projects
Moosa got his son dripping in gold
Ali 'bout to let his hair down on hoes
Me, I'm 'bout to let my hair down on hoes
Top billin', that’s a million a show
Might blow the whole no whammy on Soul
Might tell Obama be more like Punch
Sounwave caught a Grammy last year
Mack wop, bet he do what he want
Fuck you niggas, level two, I'm not done
2Teez told me that I'm the one
I can put a rapper on life support
Guarantee that's something none of you want
Ten homies down and they all serving life
What is like twenty-five hundred a month?
What if I empty my bank out and stunt?
What if I certified all of these ones?
Bitch, I get buck, I'm as real as they come
Shit is amazing, I'm feeding my cravings
You know that you want me, come here now, lil' baby
I'm fuckin', I'm crazy
Serving it like I belong in the basement
Or live at the Days Inn
Yan Yan my relative, black cherry soda
Pistol and poverty, come get to know us
(Get Top on the phone)
Who doing the drums?
Man put that nigga on the drums man
Yep, all day, "Mortal Man" and "Kunta"
Alright, from the 

Look inside of my soul and you can find
Gold and maybe get rich—hol' up
Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks
But now my album platinum and shit, so what?
Y'all keep the numbers
I'm more than another statistic, my nigga
This courtesy of Compton (Courtesy of Compton)
Brooklyn go hard, motherfucker
Love me on the East like I'm Chuck D
Dominicans wish that I was born there
I'm lookin' to be the god MC
You look at my hat and see thorns there
I look at the game and see porn there
I'm fuckin' this industry hard
I'm bagging this money, tea-bagging your honey
You thought I was fresh out the yard
Don't cry to me dummy, you're a lightweight
They tell me you nice and I'm like "wait"
Go get me a knife, you're looking like steak
And when the stakes are high, I stake out for days
And when the water reside, you're Bobby Boucher
But we ain't thirsty nigga, never alert me, nigga
I got a P89 in a suitcase
I know you heard me, nigga, this is a burpee, nigga
Lyrical exercise, right now, homie, I'm in the extra vibe
Pipe down on the curb when you heard that I got these words
To the upper echelon, that's excellent (That's excellent)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I am a sinner
Who's prob'ly gonna sin again
Lord, forgive me, Lord, forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away, I got
My drink, I got my music, I would share it, but today I'm yellin'
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, bitch, don't kill my vibe
Up in the clouds
Me and my spouse
Rumors on the ground gettin' too loud
Please turn them shits down (Down, down)
Can't hear myself think
Turbulence, shit, I almost spilled my drink
In the White House with a mink, runnin' through that bitch
Like it's my house, all up in the hall like a mall
Told you motherfuckers, all I do is ball
No, I don't 'member you, I don't intend to
Empty my memory bank
It's a million dollars in it, baby, Hilary Swank
Sittin' next to Hillary smellin' like dank
Presidential pardon, name one nigga out there harder than him
I'll wait
I've been in my wave like twenty years straight
I've been on my vibe like twenty years straight
Don't fuck up my high (Fuck up my high)
Nights like this, I could fuck up a pie
Still be straight (Still be straight)
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate
Don't waste my breath
I don't know how many moons a nigga got left
Back to this joint
Smokin' this shit like I'm tryna prove a point
I'm the highest, the highest title, numero uno
Kill my vibe, that's your motherfuckin' funeral
Hahaha
Between you and me, turn eulogy to urinals
Niggas pissed off
I ministered this generation by far
Leader of the new school
On my toes like a ballerina, who knew I'd be Black Swan?
World in my palms, ironically
I am the Globetrotters' best 'cause I didn't drop the ball
Told niggas when I was sixteen that I'd write a sixteen
To put a nigga right on the big screen
In the paddy wagon with six teens
Shoulda been in the pen but now my pen writin' with morphine
I heal niggas, touch down with more fiends
I kill niggas, audio crack, khakis to meal ticket
Cardio lap, was running for dear life
But now I'm running the map, bitch, I'm here, nigga
Picture lil' ole me
Giving a fuck for what a fuck nigga gotta say
Nigga, you never be Jay
Never be Nas, never be Snoop nor Dre
You ain't get killed in Vegas or in a Suburban
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite
So many washed up with detergent
But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose
Like blah, Mini-14 like blah
Empty out another magazine like blah
Let a young nigga get by (Doot!)
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe (Doot! Doot!)
I am the bad, the good god, the last the hood got
The last that would try to pass a good job
If Shawn's a black Beatle then I need a ten-second drum solo
Bitch, see you at Woodstock, ah!


Life won't get you high like this here, no
He won't get you high like this here, no
She won't get you high like this here, no
"For Free?" won't get you high like this here, no
Two keys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bentleys won't get you high, like, no
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
Life won't get you high, no, no, no
He won't get you high, no, no, no
She won't get you high, no, no, no
"For Free?" won't get you high, no, no, no
Two keys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bentleys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bars won't get you high, no, no, no
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch, you
You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch, you
Santa reindeer better have some ass, you bitch, you
Everything I'm workin' gotta be the gas, you bitch, you
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch
You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch
Santa reindeer better have some ass, you bitch
Everything I'm working, gotta be the—
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate

Me don't want problem (Me don't want problem)
Me don't want trick (Me don't want trick)
Me do want dollars (Me do want dollars)
Me want it big (Me do want dollars)
Me don't want problem (Me ride Impalas)
Me don't want trick (Me don't want trick)
Me do want dollars (Me don't want trick)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
We don't want problems (We don't want problems)
We don't want tricks (We don't want tricks)
We do want dollars (We do want dollars)
We do it big (We don't want problems)
We do it big (We don't want problems)
We do it big (We don't want tricks)
We don't want problems (We don't want problems)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, 

Now, I done grew up round some people livin' their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask, backstroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feel, some people wanna kill their sorrow
Some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem
I was in a dark room, loud tunes, lookin' to make a vow soon
That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup, I see the crowd mood
Changin' by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me
"Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it"
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Pour up (Drank), head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank), stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank), wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank), faded (Drank)
Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick
I am your conscience, if you do not hear me, then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now and I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down, I'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes
I see the feelin', the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived
This how you capitalize, this is parental advised, and apparently, I'm over-influenced
By what you are doin', I thought I was doin' the most 'til someone said to me
"Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it"
Pour up (Drank), head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank), stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank), wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank), faded (Drank)

I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots?
I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch
First, you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Po-pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it
Pour up (Drank), head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank), stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank), wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank), faded (Drank)
Sherane
Sherane (Pool full of— and we-and we dive in it, in-in it)
Sherane, Sherane
(Wat-watch 'em all flock) Aw, man
(Girls wanna play, play, play) Sherane
Where is she takin' me? (I got)
Where is she takin' me? (Po-pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in—)

All I—, all I—, all I—
All I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got hunger pain that grow insane, tell me, do that sound familiar?
If it do, then you're like me, makin' excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of a bottle and the greenest indo leaf
As the window open, I release everything that corrode inside of me
I see you jokin', why you laugh? Don't you feel bad? I probably sleep
And never ever wake up, never ever wake up, never ever wake up
In God I trust, but just when I thought I had enough
They stomped the homie out over a bitch?
K-Dot, you good, blood?
Now we can drop— yeah, we can drop you back off
That nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain't trippin'
We gon' do the same ol' shit
I'ma pop a few shots, they gon' ru— they run opposite way
Fall right in ****'s lap
And he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that
And I hope that bitch that set him up out there, we gon' pop that bitch too
Wait hold up, ayy, I see somebody
*Car door opens and gunshots are fired*
Aha, got them niggas
K-Dot, you good? ****, you good?
Yeah, blood, I'm good, Dave, you good? Dave?
Dave, say somethin'
Dave?
These bitch-ass niggas killed my 

Who is K. Dot?
A young nigga from Compton, on the curb writing raps next to a gunshot
On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell
The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled
Everyone I knew was either Crip or Piru
Cousins in elementary, relatives in high school
With that being said, each one of their rivals
Was aiming something at my head, I needed survival
Got jumped, got jacked, shot at, shot back
And I don't even push a line, I'm just tryna push these rhymes
In the midst of staying neutral and discrete
My momma said you're judged by the company you keep
But what you can consider, that if it goes down
They'll kill you if you kill me – it gets deep, nigga
So if you ask what I'm doing
I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's brewing
Real talk, and

This is why they fuck with me (Real talk nigga, believe it)
This is why they fuck with me (Do what I do, ya know?)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (Know that)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I was walking from Centennial
When an unidentified vehicle
Rolled up
And I was like "Hol' up"
"Where you from?" (I don't bang)
"Where you stay?" (Westside)
That's a Piru gang, to be exact
Well aware they had blue across they hat
Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac
Shots rang out, hoping to God I wasn't wet
Crossed across Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet
Chirped the homies on the I-95, they said they already knew
What happened, and meet 'em outside the garage
Never seen that many guns in my life
I was paranoid, like a fiend in the night, but needed revenge
Grabbed the nine-ball, opened up the door, then got in
Somebody said, "Fall back, we gon' make these niggas suffer
You my brother like a frat, and that's just to remind you"
Thought about that so long I had failed my finals, fuck, but

This is why they fuck with me (I told you, nigga)
This is why they fuck with me (You fake nigga)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (You fake)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I do everyday life music
Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it
You say you through, but I've been through it – now that's cold
And this is for my county building children
In Hub City on hubcaps, no power-steering
I use perseverance in this mad city
Where the niggas drink Remy and hold semi's for cutthroats
Bernie Mac died, it's no joke
Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves
Seven grams of weed – you smoke that, but I'm high off life
I could fall out the sky like twice
And land in the land of the AKs
And the minivans where the fan never on
'Cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms, in a straight jacket
In other words, we get it cracking
But I keep it cool, you know?

This is why they fuck with me (Haha)
This is why they fuck with me (Real talk)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (Come on)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

So there you have it
But I'ma leave you with this
An O.G. once told me
"A real gangster is either dead or in jail
Or behind the scenes getting real money"
I'm 

Fuck you, motherfucker, you a ho ass nigga
I don't know why you trying to go big, nigga, you ain't shit
Walking around like you God's gift to Earth, nigga, you ain't shit
You ain't even buy me no outfit for the Fourth
I need that Brazilian, wavy, twenty-eight inch, you playin'
I shouldn't be fuckin' with you anyway
I need a baller-ass, boss-ass nigga
You's a off-brand-ass nigga, everybody know it
Your homies know it, everybody fuckin' know
Fuck you, nigga, don't call me no more
You won't know, you gonna lose on a good bitch
My other nigga is on, you off
What the fuck is really going on?
This dick ain't free
You lookin' at me like it ain't a receipt
Like I never made ends meet, eating your leftovers and raw meat
This dick ain't free
Livin' in captivity raised my cap salary
Celery, tellin' me green is all I need
Evidently, all I seen was Spam and raw sardines
This dick ain't free, I mean, baby
You really think we could make a baby named Mercedes
Without a Mercedes-Benz and twenty-four inch rims
Five percent tint, and air conditioning vents?
Hell fuckin' naw, this dick ain't free
I need forty acres and a mule
Not a forty ounce and a pitbull
Bullshit, matador, matador
Had the door knockin', let 'em in, who's that?
Genital's best friend, this dick ain't free
Pity the fool that made the pretty in you prosper
Titty juice and pussy lips kept me obnoxious
Kept me up watchin' pornos in poverty, apology? No
Watch you politic with people less fortunate, like myself
Every dog has its day, now doggy style shall help
This dick ain't free
Matter of fact, it need interest
Matter of fact, it's nine inches
Matter of fact, see our friendship based on business
Pension, more pension, you're pinchin' my consensus
Been relentless, fuck forgiveness, fuck your feelings
Fuck your sources, all distortion, if you fuck, it's more abortion
More divorce courts and portion
My check with less endorsement left me dormant
Dusted, doomed, disgusted, forced with
Fuck you think is in more shit?
Porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice
Choice is devastated, decapitated the horseman
Oh, America, you bad bitch, I picked cotton and made you rich
Now my dick ain't free
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I'ma get my Uncle Sam to fuck you up
You ain't no 

I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your home boy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil' hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce
Fourteen years later, going hard like we used to
On the dead homies
On the dead homies
I don't give a fuck about no politics in rap, my nigga
Our lil' homie Stunna Deuce ain't never comin' back, my nigga
So you better go hard every time you jump on wax, my nigga
Fuck what they talkin' 'bout, your shit is where it's at, my nigga
Came in this game, you stuck your fangs in this game
You wore no chain in this game, your hood, your name in this game
Now you double up, time to bubble up the bread and huddle up
Stickin' to the scripts, now, here, if them Benjamins go cuddle up
Skip, hop, drip, drop
Flip, flop with the white tube sock
It goes, "Sherm sticks, burn this"
That's what the product smell like when the chemicals mix
50-nigga salute, out the Compton zoo, with the extras
El Co's, Monte Carlos, Road Kings, and dressers
Rip Ridaz, P-Funkers, Mexicans, they fuck with you
Asians, they fuck with you, nobody can fuck with you
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil' hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce
Fourteen years later, going hard like we used to
On the dead homies
On the dead homies
Hopped out the Caddy, just got my dick sucked
The little homies called and said, "The enemies done cliqued up"
Oh, yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?
Oh, yeah? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardio
Oh, yeah? Everything is everything, it's scandalous
Slow motion for the ambulance, the project filled with cameras
The LAPD gamblin', scramblin', football numbers slanderin'
Niggas' names on paper—you snitched all summer
Streets don't fail me now
They tell me it's a new gang in town
From Compton to Congress
Set-trippin' all around
Ain't nothin' new but a flu of new Demo-Crips and Re-Blood-icans
Red state versus a blue state—which one you governin'?
They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs, make it they promise to fuck with you
No condom, they fuck with you, Obama say, "What it do?"
Obama say, "What it do?"
Obama say, "What it do?"
Obama say, "What it do?"

I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil' hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, fourteen with the deuce-deuce
Fourteen years later, going hard like we used to
On the dead homies
On the dead homies

Everybody want to talk about who this and who that
Who the realest and who wack, or who white or who black
Critics want to mention that they miss when hip-hop was rappin'
Motherfucker, if you did, then Killer Mike'd be platinum
Y'all priorities fucked up, put energy in wrong shit
Hennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone since
Don't ask about no camera blocking at award shows
No, don't ask about my bitch, no, don't ask about my foes
'Less you askin' me about power, yeah, I got a lot of it
I'm the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button
Had the Coast on standby
"K. Dot, what up? I heard they opened up Pandora's box"
I box 'em all in, by a landslide
Nah, homie, we too sensitive, it spill out to the streets
I make the call and get the Coast involved, then history repeats
But I resolved inside that private hall while sitting down with Jay
He said, "It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game"
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel room
I didn't want to self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn't stop survivor's guilt
Going back and forth
Trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting a continuous war
Back in the city
I was entering a new 

Ever since a young man (Since a young man)
All I wanna be was a gunman (Was a gunman)
Shootin’ up the charts, better run, man
Y'all gotta see that I won, man
Slick as El DeBarge with the finger waves, work it, JT
Handle bars like a fade, watch me work it, JT
I'm at large, runnin’ plays like a circuit, JT
I'm sellin' verses, JT, watch me work it, JT
Look, look… hol' up!
Don't judge me! My mama caught me with a strap
Don't judge me! I was young, fuckin' all the brats
Don't judge me! Aimin’ at your head for a stack
Don’t judge! Don't judge me! Now my home got a Valley peak
Don’t judge me! If I press your line you a freak
Don't judge me! Won't you tell a friend? Y'all gon’ see—

This what God feel like, huh, he-yeah
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
Huh, he-yeah (A-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Fuck is you talkin' to?
Ayy, do you know who you talkin' to?
Slide on you like fallen drapes
God toss full of carnivals
I kill 'em with kindness
Or I kill 'em with diamonds
Or I put up like fifteen hundred
Get yo' ass killed by the finest
Everything in life is a gamble
Nothin' in life I can't handle
Seen it all, done it all, felt pain more
For the cause, I done put blood on sword
Everything I do is to embrace y'all
Everything I write is a damn eight ball
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine
Everything I say is from an angel

I don't rush shit, fuck shit, always your shit, my shit
Cannonballs to ignite shit, morning to the night shift
I'm on, I ain't sorry for it
Asked for a piece of mind, you charged me for it
I wanna see sometimes if you ignore it
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it
I got a bad habit, levitatin', duckin' haters
Oh my! My heart is rich, my heart is famous
This what God feel like
Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like)
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!"
(This what God feel like)
Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like)
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!"
(This what God feel like)
Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like)
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
(This what God feel like)
Huh, he-yeah (This what God feel like, a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)
This what God feel 

Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh

Why so sad?
Walking around with them blue faces (Ooh)
She said I'm down on my luck
And it's something I gotta have (Ooh)
"Blue faces"
I hit the bank today, and told them "Color me bad" (Ooh)
Blue faces (Ooh)
Get that new money, and it's breaking me down honey
Two tears in the bucket I cry with you, uh
But I could never lie with you (Ooh)
I could never afford not to afford (Ah)
I could never put my plans to the side with you (Ooh)
I could never see a red light
Like a deer with a headlight (Ah, Ooh)
I freeze up when I re-up (Ah, Ooh)
See I barely have patience (Ooh, ah, ah)
And you're relating (Ah, ah, Ooh)
Only the moment to complete us
Why you hate to work for it? (Ah)
The reason I never went to work for it (Ooh)
See a nine to five was so jive turkey (Ha, ooh, ah)
But when Thanksgiving came that check didn't hurt me (Ah, Ooh)
You plead the fifth
I read the Fifth Amendment (Ooh)
We both criminals with bad intentions (Ooh)
They say time heals all (Ah)
But if I can shortcut
My success, Corvettes by tomorrow (Ah, Ooh)
Wait a minute!
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Now, why you so sad? (Ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ooh)
Walking around with them blue faces (Ooh)
She said I'm down on my luck
And it's something I gotta have (Ooh)
"Blue faces" (Ooh)
I hit the bank today, (ah, hah) and told them "Color me bad" (Ooh)
Blue faces (Ooh)
Get that new money, (ah, ah) and it's breaking me down honey
Ooh!

My home girl got a credit card scam (Ah, ah)
She got a scholarship to college but she don't give a damn
Intuition got a broke bitch wishin' (Ah, Ooh)
She tell me this on the phone with the noodles in the pan (Ooh)
I know you, woman, I console you, woman (Ooh)
You feel like the universe owes you, woman (Ah, Ooh)
Oh the anticipation, of hoping you could make it
Bitches don't prosper chasing education (Ooh)
But you're talented, and can't handle it
And your homegirls can't be your manager (Ah, ah, Ooh)
365 times four, plus more
If you can't get it right, tell me, do you got the stamina? (Ah, ah, Ooh)
But shit, ain't no money like fast money (Ah, ooh, Ooh)
Even today I'm considered a crash dummy (Ah, ah, Ooh)
A rapper chasing stardom, how can I fast forward? (Ha, Ooh)
My accolades better than all them (Ah, Ooh)
Why you so sad? (Ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ooh)
Walking around with them blue faces (Ooh)
She said I'm down on my luck
And it's something I gotta have (Ooh)
"Blue faces"
I hit the bank today, and told them "Color me bad" (Ooh)
Blue faces (Ooh! Ooh)
Get that new money, and it's breaking me down honey
Ooh, ah, ah!

I wrote this song looking at a broke home baby (Broke home baby) (Ooh)
You know the poverty stricken the little broke born babies (Broke born babies) (Ooh)
Somebody yell "Kendrick American, they sho' is crazy" (Ah, ah) (Ooh)
And I said “why?" (Ooh, mm, mm)
Then he looked me in the eye, and said "Nigga you fucked up
You're banking on good luck, you wishing for miracles
You never been through shit, you're crying hysterical (Ooh)
You settle for everything, complain about everything
You say you sold crack, my world amphetamine (Ooh)
Your projects ain't shit, I live in a hut bitch
I'm living to keep warm, you living to pay rent (Ooh)
I prayed my way through by waiting on Allah
You played your way through, by living in sci-fi (Ooh)
Bullshitting yourself, you talking to strangers (Ah, ah)
Same thing goes for the ones you came with (Ah, ah)
When y'all came on the boat looking for hope
And all you can say is that you're looking for dope
These days ain't no compromise
And your pain ain't mines half the time
A brand new excuse ain't shit to me (Ah, ah)
Bitch, I made my moves, with shackled feet"
Cape Town! (Ah, ah, ooh)
In today's day and age we practice the self pity of taking the easy way out (Ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ooh) (Ooh)
You wait on them, him and her (Ooh)
But when a blessing takes too long, that's when you go wrong (Ooh)
You selfish motherfucker (Ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ooh)

Why so sad? (Ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, uh, ooh)
Walking around with them blue faces (Ooh)
She said I'm down on my luck
And it's something I gotta have (Ooh)
Blue faces
I hit the bank today, and told them "Color me bad" (Ooh)
Blue faces (Ooh)
Get that new money, and it's breaking me down honey (Uh, ah)
Ooh! Ah, ah, ah, uh, ah ah, uh, ah, ooh, ooh
Pimp-pimp (

The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let these words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said, my nigga, let me ask this question:

When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan—
(One, two, one, two, one, two)
Uh, when shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let these words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said, my nigga, let me ask this question:
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

Do you believe in me? Are you deceiving me?
Could I let you down easily? Is your heart where it need to be?
Is your smile on permanent? Is your vow on lifetime?
Would you know where the sermon is if I died in this next line?
If I'm tried in a court of law, if the industry cut me off
If the government want me dead, plant cocaine in my car
Would you judge me a drug-head or see me as K. Lamar?
Or question my character and degrade me on every blog?
Want you to love me like Nelson, want you to hug me like Nelson
I freed you from being a slave in your mind, you're very welcome
You tell me my song is more than a song, it's surely a blessing
But a prophet ain't a prophet 'til they ask you this question:
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let my words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that—

Do you believe in me? How much you believe in her?
You think she gon' stick around if them twenty-five years occur?
You think he can hold you down when you down behind bars, hurt?
You think y'all on common ground if you promise to be the first?
Can you be immortalized without your life being expired?
Even though y'all share the same blood, is it worth the time?
Like, who got your best interest? Like, how much are you dependent?
How clutch are the people that say they love you and who pretending?
How tough is your skin when they turn you in? Do you show forgiveness?
What brush do you bend when dusting your shoulders from being offended?
What kind of den did they put you in when the lions start hissing?
What kind of bridge did they burn? Revenge on your mind when it's mentioned
You wanna love like Nelson, you wanna be like Nelson
You wanna walk in his shoes, but your peacemaking seldom
You wanna be remembered that delivered the message
That considered the blessing of everyone
This your lesson for everyone, say:

When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
The voice of Mandela, hope this flow stay propellin'
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga—

I been wrote off before, I got abandonment issues
I hold grudges like bad judges, don't let me resent you
That's not Nelson-like—want you to love me like Nelson
I went to Robben's Island analysing; that's where his cell is
So I could find clarity—like, how much you cherish me?
Is this relationship a fake, or real as the heavens be?
See, I got to question it all; family, friends, fans, cats, dogs
Trees, plants, grass, how the wind blow, Murphy's Law
Generation X—will I ever be your ex?
Flaws of a baby step', mauled by the mouth of Pit bulls
Put me under stress, crawled under rocks, duckin' y'all
It's respect, but then tomorrow, put my back against the wall
How many leaders you said you needed, then left 'em for dead?
Is it Moses? Is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?
Is it Martin Luther? JFK? Shooter—you assassin
Is it Jackie? Is it Jesse? Oh, I know it's Michael Jackson—oh

When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
That nigga gave us "Billie Jean," you say he touched those kids?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propelling
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga, let me ask this question, nigga

"I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusin' my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers
Until I came home
But that didn't stop survivor's guilt
Goin' back and forth tryin' to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fightin' the continuous war back in the city
I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was 'respect'
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn't mean I can't respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don't know, I'm no mortal man
Maybe I'm just another nigga"
Shit, and that's all I wrote
I was gonna call it "Another Nigga," but it ain't really a poem
I just felt like it's somethin' you probably could relate to
Other than that, now that I finally got a chance to holla at you
I always wanted to ask you about a certain situa—, about a metaphor, actually
Uh, you spoke on the ground
What you mean by that? What the ground represent?
The ground is gonna open up and swallow the evil (Right)
That's how I see it, my word is bond
I see—, and the ground is the symbol for the poor people (Right)
The poor people is gonna open up this whole world
And swallow up the rich people
'Cause the rich people gonna be so fat (Mhm)
And they gonna be so appetizing (Mhm)
You know what I'm sayin'? Wealthy (Right), appetizing
The poor gonna be so poor (Hungry), and hungry
Right
You know what I'm sayin'? It's gonna be like—
You know what I'm sayin'? It's gonna be—
There might—, there might be some cannibalism out this muhfu—, they might eat the rich, you know what I'm sayin'?
A'ight, so let me ask you this, then
Do you see yourself as somebody that's rich, or somebody that made the best of they own opportunities?
I see myself as a natural-born hustler
A true hustler in every sense of the word
I took nothin', I took the opportunities
I worked at the m—, the most menial and degradin' job and built myself up so I could get it to where I owned it
Uh, I went from havin' somebody managin' me to me hirin' the person that works my management company (Right)
I changed everything, I realized my destiny in a matter of five years, you know what I'm sayin'?
I made myself a millionaire (Right), I made—, I made millions for a lot of people
Now it's time to make millions for myself, you know what I'm saying?
I made millions for the record companies (Mhm)
I made millions for these movie companies (Mhm)
Now I make millions for, for us (Mm)
And through your different avenues of success
How would you say you managed to keep a level of sanity?
By my faith in God, by my faith in the game
And by my faith in "all go—, all good things come to those that stay true" (Right)
You know what I'm sayin'?
And it was happenin' to me for a reason
You know what I'm sayin'? I was noticin'—, shit
I was punchin' the right buttons and it was happenin'
So, it's no problem, you know
I mean, it's a problem, but I'm not finna let them know (Hmm)
I'm finna go straight through
Would you consider yourself a—, a fighter at heart, or somebody that, huh, somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall?
Shit, I like to think that at every opportunity I've ever been, uh, threatened with resistance, it's been met with resistance
And not only me, but it goes down my family tree
You know what I'm sayin'? it's in my veins to fight back
A'ight, well, how long will you think it take before niggas be like
"We fightin' a war—, I'm fightin' a war I can't win and I wanna lay it all down"?
In this country, a Black man only have like
Five years we can exhibit maximum strength
And that's right now, while you a teenager, while you still strong
While you still wanna lift weights, while you still wanna shoot back
'Cause once you turn thirty, it's like
They take the heart and soul out of a man
Out of a Black man in this country
And you don't wanna fight no more
And if you don't believe me, you can look around
You don't see no loud mouth thirty-year old motherfuckers (Mhm)
That's crazy, because me, being one of your offsprings of—, of the legacy you left behind, I can truly tell you that there's nothin' but turmoil goin' on, so
I want to ask you, what you think is the future for me and my generation today?
I think that niggas is tired of grabbin' shit out the stores
And next time it's a riot it's gonna be like, uh, bloodshed, for real
I don't think America know that
I think America think we was just playin' and it's gonna be some more playin', but it ain't gonna be no playin'
It's gonna be murder, you know what I'm sayin'?
It's gonna be like Nat Turner, 1831 (Mhm), up in this motherfucker
You know what I'm sayin'? It's go—, it's gonna happen (Mm)
That's crazy, man
In my opinion, the only hope that we kinda have left is music and vibrations
A lot of people don't understand how important it is, you know
Sometimes I can like, get behind a mic and I don't know what type of energy I'ma push out, or where it comes from
Trip me out sometimes
Because it's spirits
We ain't even really rappin', we just lettin' our dead homies tell stories for us (Damn)
I wanted to read one last thing to you
It's actually something a good friend had wrote, describing my world
It says:
"The caterpillar is a prisoner to the streets that conceived it
Its only job is to eat or consume everything around it
In order to protect itself from this mad city
While consumin' its environment, the caterpillar begins to notice ways to survive
One thing it noticed is how much the world shuns him, but praises the butterfly
The butterfly represents the talent, the thoughtfulness and the beauty within the caterpillar
But having a harsh outlook on life, the caterpillar sees the butterfly as weak
And figures out a way to pimp it to his own benefits
Already surrounded by this mad city, the caterpillar goes to work on the cocoon which institutionalizes him
He can no longer see past his own thoughts, he's trapped
When trapped inside these walls certain ideas take root, such as going home, and bringin' back new concepts to this mad city
The result? Wings begin to emerge, breakin' the cycle of feelin' stagnant
Finally free, the butterfly sheds light on situations that the caterpillar never considered
Endin' the internal struggle
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different
They are one and the same"
What's your perspective on that?
'Pac? 'Pac? '

When the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I woke up this mornin' and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow
I'm hopin' that I can borrow
A peace of mind, I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted
I find nothin' but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction
Or a reaction of what we consider madness
I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright in a fight he tried to put up
But the type of bullet that stuck
Had went against his will, that's blood spilled on your hands
My plan's rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride it's a murderous rhythm
And outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back, whispering "Get 'em!"
I got 'em and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality I told my brother not to duck
In actuality it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover a passion like you and recover
The life that I knew as a youngin
In pajamas and dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs dumb
Niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child, I'm proud and well-devoted
This Piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'ma push it, wherever, whenever
And I love you 'cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop, I hope— 
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it Section.80
The message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby"
What's crazy was I was hearin' about it
But doubted your ignorance
How could you ever just put her on blast and shit?
Judgin' her past and shit?
Well, it's completely my future
Her nigga behind me right now askin' for ass and shit
And I'ma need that forty dollars
Even if I gotta fuck, suck and swallow
In the parking lot, Gonzales Park, I'm followed
By a married man, and father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinklin' keys
Matter of fact, he my favorite 'cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes, I run away and never do miss 'em
See, my hormones just run away and if I can get 'em
Back to where they used to be, then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be woman
Or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin'
Then you probably need to beat her, that's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted, but fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit
My sister died in vain, but what point are you tryna gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in?
I'll wait… Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song
'Cause I don't need the attention, bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away, I'll never fade away, I know my fate
And I'm on the grind for this cake, I'ma get it or die tryin'
I'm eyein' every male gender with intentions of buyin'
You lyin' to these motherfuckers
Talkin' about you can help 'em with my story
You can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
Don't ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga, bullshit
And when I die, make sure my pussy tight...
When the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

Sometimes I look in the mirror
And ask myself am I really scared of passin' away?
If it's today, I hope I hear a
Cry out from Heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the Holy Ghost 'til it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that made sure that my lifeline reekin'
The scent of a reaper, ensurin' that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon, and if I'm doomed
May the womb of my mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot
And every day that glass mirror get tougher to watch
I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm not sure why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about, 'cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe 'cause I'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the schema of wonderin' when I'ma rest
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me
In a direction to speak on somethin' that's realer than the TV screen
By any means, wasn't tryin' to offend or come between
Her personal life, I was like "It need to be told"
Cursin' the life of twenty generations after her soul
Exactly what'd happen if I ain't continue rappin'
Or steady bein' distracted by money, drugs, and 4-5's
I count lives, all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry, pray one day you'll be strong
Fightin' for your rights, even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Am I worth it? Did I put enough work in?
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off and it's my turn
To settle down, my main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for— ooh

(On the phone)
"Ay, ay, ay, where you 'bout to go?"
"Nigga, the homie's brother—nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!"
"Hey, come to the store for a nigga, one time."
"We on the block right now, my nigga, like, we—nigga, we right here, my nigga."
"Bring a nigga back a black!"
"Nigga—bruh—nigga, they just killed the homie's brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga… Al—alright, nigga—nigga, just come—alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back."
"Bring a nigga back a black!"
(*Hangs up*)
"Ahh, fuck… So, so, what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon' do?"
"Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like… nigga, I don't give a fuck, my nigga. We can go back right now."
"Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"

Tired of runnin', uh, tired of huntin', uh
My own kind, but retirin' nothin', uh
Tires are steady screechin', the driver is rubbin', uh
Hands on the wheel, uh, who said we wasn't, uh

Dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh?

Dope on the corner, uh, look at the coroner, uh
Daughter is dead, uh, mother is mournin' her, uh
Stray bullets, uh, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waitin' patiently, but they couldn't, uh
Bring her back, uh, who got the footage, uh?
Channel 9, uh, cameras is lookin'
It's hard to channel your energy when you know he crooked, uh
Banana clip, split his banana pudding, uh
I'm like Tre, uh, that's Cuba Gooding, uh
I know I'm good at, uh

Dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh

How many sins, uh? I'm runnin' out, uh
How many sins, uh? I lost count
Dreams of ballin' like Spalding
But only shotty bounce, uh
The reaper callin', uh, I'm cottonmouth, uh
Money is power (Money is power)
Yours is ours (Yours is ours)
Lay with a snitch, uh, die with a coward, uh
Hope we get rich, uh, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder, uh
The same song, uh, a black flower, uh
I'll show you how to, uh

Dye your thirst, oh, dye your thirst, uh, dye your thirst, uh

What are we doin', uh? Who are we foolin', uh?
Hell is hot, uh, fire is proven, uh
To burn for eternity, return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it, oh
Tired of runnin', uh, choirs is hummin', uh
Tell us to visit, uh, we lie about comin', uh
Now back to business, uh, loadin' the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is feudin'
The beef is bubblin', uh, it's no discussion, uh
Hereditary, uh, all of my cousins, uh

Dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh

Too many sins, uh, I'm runnin' out, uh
Somebody send me a well for the drought, uh
See all I know, uh, is takin' notes
On takin' this life for granted, granted, if he provoke, uh
My best days, uh, I stress days
(Lord, forgive me for all my sins, for I not know—)
My best days, uh, I stress days, uh
Say "fuck the world", uh, my sex slave, uh
Money, pussy, and greed—what's my next crave?
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave, uh
Tired of runnin', tired of runnin', tired of tumblin'
Tired of runnin', uh, tired of tumblin', backwards
My momma say "See, a pastor give me a promise
What if today was the rapture and you completely tarnished?
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dyin' of thirst, you dyin' of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"
Fuck! I'm tired of this shit!
I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit!
That’s my brother, homie!
Young man, come talk to me! Is that what I think that is?
I know that's not what I think that is
Why are you so angry?
See, you young men are dying of thirst
Do you know what that means?
That means you need water, holy water
You need to be baptized, with the spirit of the Lord
Do you want to receive God as your personal savior?
Okay, repeat after me:
"Lord God, I come to You a sinner"
(Lord God, I come to You a sinner)
"And I humbly repent for my sins"
(And I humbly repent for my sins)
"I believe that Jesus is Lord"
(I believe that Jesus is Lord)
"I believe You raised Him from the dead"
(I believe You raised Him from the dead)
"I would ask that Jesus come into my life"
(I would ask that Jesus come in my life)
"And be my Lord and Savior"
(And be my Lord and Savior)
"I receive Jesus to take control of my life"
(I receive Jesus to take control of my life)
"And that I may live for Him from this day forward"
(And that I may live for Him from this day forward)
"Thank you, Lord Jesus
For saving me with Your precious blood"
(Thank you, Lord Jesus
For saving me with Your precious blood)
"In Jesus' name, amen"
(In Jesus' name, amen)
Alright now, remember this day
The start of a new life, your real 

Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin’ this
Parmesan where my accountant lives, in fact, I'm downin' this
D’ussé with my boo bae, tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy your ass the world with my paystub
Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down, we playin' Tetris
A.m. to the p.m., p.m. to the a.m., funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it, you and I know

Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil’— sit down, lil’ bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch)
Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil’ bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—)
Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil’ bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch)
Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Who that nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still'll take you down right on your mama couch in Polo socks
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy
I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy
If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ayy
I'm the realest nigga after all

Bitch, be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, lil'— hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch)
Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil'—)
Sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, sit down, lil'— sit down, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up, lil' bitch)
Bitch, sit down (Hold up, lil' bitch)
Be humble (Hold up, bitch)
Sit down (Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold 

Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

Uh, and Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
She take the little change she make to fix her nail cuticles
Lipstick is suitable to make you fiend for more
She play Mr. Shakur, that's her favorite rapper
Bumpin' "Brenda's Got a Baby" while a pervert yellin' at her
And she capture features of a woman, but only seventeen
Then seven cars start honking
She start running like Flo-Jo, don't care if they Joe Blow
If they got money to blow, a blow job is a sure go
And sure enough, don't see a dime of dirty dollars
Just give it all to her daddy, but she don't know her father
That's ironic
See, a block away from Lueders Park, I seen an El Camino parked
And in her heart, she hate it there, but in her mind, she made it where
Nothin' really matters, so she hit the back seat
Rosa Parks never a factor when she makin' ends meet

Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
Her anatomy is God's temple
And it's quite simple, her castle is 'bout to be destroyed
She's always paranoid, watching the law inside the streets
Undercovers, the dummies that look like decoys
Remember sergeant let her slide
Said if he seen what's between her thighs, he'd compromise
To no surprise
She took the ultimatum 'round the alleyway and gave him
A warm welcome, then felt him right below the navel
Though he was wired up like a pair of jumping cables
His eyes was closed shut, prior charges, he had waived 'em
It was a block away from Lueders Park, I seen a squad car parked
And in her heart, she hate it there, but in her mind, she made it where
Nothing really matters, so she hit the back seat
'Cause Rosa Parks never a factor when she toppin' off police

Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving her body sore
As she bust down like a twelve-bunk on tour
She suddenly realize she'll never escape the allure
Of a Black man, white man needing satisfaction
At first, it became a practice, but now she's numb to it
Sometimes she wonder if she can do it like nuns do it
But she never heard of Catholic religion or sinner's redemption, that sounds foolish
And you can blame it on her mother
For letting her boyfriend slide candy under her cover
Ten months before she was ten, he moved in and that's when he touched her
This motherfucker is the fuckin' reason why Keisha rushing to that
Block away from Lueders Park, I seen an El Camino parked
And in her heart, she hate it there, but in her mind, she made it where
Nothing really matters, still she hit the back seat
Then caught a knife inside the bladder, left for dead, raped in the street
Keisha's song, mmm
My little sister eleven, I looked her right in the face
The day that I wrote this song, sat her down and pressed play
Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard
Flagging down all of these flashy cars
Fancy girls on Long Beach Boulevard, oh
Flagging down all of these flashy 

Man down, where you from, nigga?
Fuck who you know—where you from, my nigga?
Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga
Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin' crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighin' on your brain
It was me, L Boog, and Yan Yan, YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, wavin' yo' hand out the window — check yourself
Uh, Warriors and Conans, hope euphoria can slow dance
With society, the driver seat, the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where **** hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder sayin' that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin' at him different
That was back when I was nine, Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine, we adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin' up, you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump, pickin' off you suckers
Suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from AK's, AR's, "Ayy, y'all, duck"
That's what mama said when we was eatin' that free lunch
Aw man, goddamn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck yo' truce
Now crawl your head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just piecin' BGs up to pre-approve
Bodies on top of bodies, IVs on top of IVs
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley, make sure your color's correct
Make sure you're corporate, or they'll be callin' your mother collect
They say the governor collect all of our taxes, except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin' backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
​m.A.A.d. city
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Man down, where you from, nigga?
Fuck who you know—where you from, my nigga?
Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?
This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street, I hear, "Yawk, yawk, yawk"

Wake yo' punk-ass up
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah, real simple and plain
Let me teach you some lessons about the street
(Smoke somethin', nigga?)
Hood ('Sup, cuz?)
It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang
G-yeah, how we do

Fresh outta school 'cause I was a high school grad'
Sleepin' in the livin' room of my mama's pad
Reality struck, I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole, two niggas hopped out on foot and dashed (Watch out, cuz)
My pops said I needed a job, I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leavin'
In fact, I got fired 'cause I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery, the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up (Sup?)
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foamin' at the mouth
I was straight tweakin', the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleedin'
You know the reasons, but still'll never know my life
Kendrick a.k.a. "Compton's Human Sacrifice"
G-yeah, cocaine, weed
Niggas been mixin' shit since the '80s, loc
Sherm sticks, butt-nakeds
Dip, make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis, it's Compton
I'm still in the hood, loc, g-yeah, that's cool
Shit, the hood took me under, so I follow the rules
But, g-yeah, that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doin' the same thang
Pass it to the left, so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-bys in the hood lately, g-yeah
Couple of IV's with the fuckin' spray-can
Shots in the crowd, then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, hearts turn brave
Mount up, regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip, g-yeah
Trip, we in the hood still
So, loc, grab a strap 'cause, g-yeah, it's so real, g-yeah
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where a mothafucka stand
If I told you I killed a nigga at sixteen, would you believe me?
Perceive me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now and Laters to eat?
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of bein' a lawyer or doctor
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul-de-sac hostage
Kill 'em all if they gossip
The Children of the Corn, they vandalizin' the option
Of livin' a lie, drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinkin' and drive
Hit the powder, then watch this flame that arrive in his eye
Listen, coward, the concept is aim and then bang it and slide
Out that bitch with deposit, a price on his head, the tithes
Probably go to the projects
I live inside the belly of the rough, Compton, USA
Made me an Angel on Angel Dust, what?

*Scratches*
M.A.A.d city
Compton

Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn
You ain't the one that got fucked up
What you holdin' it for?
Niggas always actin' unsensitive and shit
Nigga, that ain't no word
Nigga, shut up
Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga?
Don't even trip
Just lay back and drink 

Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit yo bitch-ass down
And listen to this true mothafuckin' story
Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bitch

Smokin' on the finest dope, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Drank until I can't no mo', ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Really I'm a sober soul
But I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't askin' for no favors
Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Really, I'm a peacemaker
But I'm with the homies right now
And Momma used to say (Say, say, say, say)
One day it's gon' burn you out (Woo)
One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out (You, you, you, you, you, you)
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now

See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, an orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate
If it's necessary; bumpin' Jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
Speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses
Of the workin' world; we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
And asked them what they workin' with
Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Rémy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga!
Me and the homies
Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more
Me and the homies
I ride for my mothafuckin' niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
Me and the homies
Matter of fact, I hop out that mothafucka
And be like "doo-doo-doo-doot, doo-doo-doo-doo-doot!”
It's 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin'
Hungry for anything unhealthy
And if nutrition can help me
I'll tell you to suck my dick, then I'll continue eatin'
We speedin' on the 405, passin' Westchester
You know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
Good Lord, they knew we weren't from 'round there
'Cause every time we down there
We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn't like
Then started interrogatin'
I never was a gangbanger, I mean
I never was stranger to the fonk neither, I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That's ironic, 'cause I've never been violent
Until I'm with the homies

(Just ridin', just ridin')
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin', actin' a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin', really trippin')
Me and the homies
(Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin')
Braggin' 'bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want

Ayy, ayy, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe!
Ayy, nigga, I think there's somebody in this room!
Wait, what?!
Nigga, there's somebody in this room!

I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called: "Hello? What you doin'?" — "Kickin' it."
I shoulda told her I'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense
With the homies
(Police sirens)
But – they made a right, then made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies

K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well, which one he talkin' about?
I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans!
Nigga, I think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
Nigga, for what?
What that nigga— what's that Jeezy song say, nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there
I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man, you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan, luv
We gon' use the kickback as an alibi, wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he's not gon' do
Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight, but we should meet up around 12
I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
Nigga, sit yo dumb-ass back down!
Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
Matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car!
We finna get active!


Lord forgive me

Kill him where he stand and stand over him, shake his hand
Then jump back in that minivan, double back to his block and blam
I ain't backing down for nothing, I'ma back 'em down like Shaq
With this black 2-2-3 in my hand, better pray that this chopper jam
Like a radio single, man, Police radio signals saying
That a 187 land on your corner, coroners comfort your momma
"Momma, he's dead," the next morning, I toasted up with my homies
We drink and smoke marijuana, want us to change our ways? Uh-huh
You see this game we play come from, uncles that raised me in Compton
Ask me what I have accomplished, I don't know, I don't have conscience
I just load up and start dumping on enemies I'm headhunting
No sympathy, ain't no love, when you in these streets, just get something
Protect your neck 'cause they coming for set respect
Split your onion then chop your deck,
Your head tumbling like gymnastics (Ooh...)
'Cause ignorance is bliss

Now everybody put your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck, put your hands up high
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
This the hardest shit you've heard from L.A. this far
And I'm this far from a discharge, but never will I diss y'all
We all tryna ball, and when I got the rock, I'll dish off
Until the day I pistol-whip you posers 'til y'all pissed off
Then peel off in a hoopty
Come back and make these niggas wanna shoot me

And they bitches wanna salute me or seduce me
Indubitably, I'm too street—indubitably, I'ma do me
Better than your bitch would, 'cause you niggas too weak
But just give me two weeks and I'm good
I'll make an album that'll put a smile on Malcolm
Make Martin Luther tell God I'm the future for Heaven's talent
No tarot card reading; I'm foreseeing you niggas vanish
Not only from the rap game—I'm including the planet
Cats so watered-down, clowns can sink Titanic
Tie titanium around they neck and watch 'em panic
Give me respect, dammit, or get damaged
Die young, corpse identified by your parents
Apparently, you a parrot, mocking me and my blueprint
But I won't share it, just make you cop it, then call you a sheriff
Stop it, I'm hearin' the comments
The critics are calling me "conscious"
But truthfully, every shooter be calling me Compton
So truthfully, only calling me Kweli and Common?
Proves... that ignorance is bliss
Now everybody put your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck, put your hands up high

And this still the hardest shit you've heard from L.A. this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge, but never will I diss y'all
This my world, I grab the universe then play kickball
And they wonder why these California earthquakes hittin' so hard

I'm So-Cal, you so-called rappers need to go call Ghostbusters
'Cause you busters are Casper when I go off
I show up to show out and show off
You a hundred percent behind me
And if you are, then wreck your car, then walk up to my crime scene
I remember bein' seventeen, wishin' someone would sign me
Now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
Backin' down bargains, backin' down bitches, we gon' flip her
Once she off that Blue Dolphin, you gon' tip her
'Cause ignorance is bliss

And Willie B, I'm a fool on your beats
I bleed out the speaker as the speaker that spoke when they didn't 

Taking off when you landing
Bitch niggas gonna throw tantrums
And I'm dancing on them stars
The galaxy ain't got room for y'all
Ain't nothing gonna happen soon for y'all
While I'm here and every day I hear
Your bullshit, self-pity
Reason why you never dealt with me
Reason why your girl dealt with me
Hands up, in the building, we get busy and say

R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P., yep
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P., yep
That's exactly what this sound like
A to the A to the L-I-Y-A-H, give it up two times
Then give it right back, don't blow my high
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Smoking out, pouring up, keep that lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, I can't fuck with y'all
Pussy-ass, ho niggas (Niggas), I can't fuck with y'all
Bitches all up in my business (Business), I can't fuck with y'all
Industry of counterfeits (Counterfeits), I can't fuck with y'all

Look at my life then look at yours
Get some ambition, why you bored?
Time'll never wait on no man
Society will never hold your hand
Niggas like to gossip like bitches
Got me thinking you don't like bitches
Wonder what's behind them Ray Bans?
Eyes of a coward, I understand
Niggas like to gossip like bitches
Sip Dom Pérignon, when we finish, we say

R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P., yep
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P., yep
That's exactly what this sound like
But never will I ever forget Left Eye
Roll up, put a ribbon in the sky
And a button on your lips, don't blow my high
Smoking out, pouring up, keep that lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, I can't fuck with y'all
Pussy-ass, ho niggas (Niggas), I can't fuck with y'all
Bitches all up in my business (Business), I can't fuck with y'all
Industry of counterfeits (Counterfeits), I can't fuck with y'all

Now everybody sing this shit
I'm sending him a four-page letter
And I enclosed it with a kiss (A kiss)
And when I write him, he better
Get it on time
Look at my life, and look at yours
Get some ambition why you bored
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, R.I.P
R.I.P. Aaliyah, 

Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin'
Section.80

Back in this bitch, in the back of that bitch
With my back against the wall and your bitch on the edge of my dick, jump off
I call a bitch a bitch, a ho a ho, a woman a woman
I never did nothing but break the ground on top of the asphalt
Tire mark gave you evidence that I'm easily peddlin'
With the speed of a lightning bolt
As a kid, I killed two adults, I'm too advanced
I lived my twenties at two years old, the wiser man
Truth be told, I'm like eighty-seven
Wicked as eighty reverends in a pool of fire with devils holding hands
From a distance, don't know which one is a Christian, damn
Who can I trust in 2012? There's no one, not even myself
A Gemini screaming for help, somebody
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga, losing ain't a option
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin'
Ayy, ayy, kick her out the studio, Ali

24/7, nigga working his ass for it, she poppin' that ass for
The King of Diamonds with diamonds, I never do ask for it
They checkin' my passport, I'm too accustomed with customs
You callin' the task force, I killed it, somebody cuff him
They want me to fast forward the game, and
Why you complain when you niggas is past poor?
You'll never hop in my lane when you pushing a RAV4
You wrecking my Jaguar
You play like a bad sport
Her feet on the dashboard

Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga, losing ain't an option
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up), hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga
I wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimenting me on my nappy hair
If I can fuck her in front of all of these passengers
They'll probably think I'm Osama
The plane emergency landed, it was an honor
Hol' 

The… Read More 

I know a lot of people that smile in my face
But talk behind my back every time I'm gone
So when they call my number, I don't never pick up
I don't owe you shit, bitch, leave me alone
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick

Too many niggas, not enough hoes
And some of you niggas, acting like hoes
Stay to myself like loners do
Get high by myself, I'm not in the mood
To politic or be fake with you
We apologize if you ever knew
Too many niggas, and not enough hoes
And most of you niggas, acting like hoes

Everything I do is too alumni
I'ma take my time, I'ma master it
You should be mindful of a mastermind
Put a landmine right where your momma live
Now blow up, blow up, hold up, I've seen your kind before
See me as a dollar sign 'til I resign or you report
That I done you wrong, and I'm leaning on my own  endeavors
Nigga right now, it's now or never
Nigga right now, I'm high as ever, but however...
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I know a lot of people that smile in my face
But talk behind my back every time I'm gone
So when they call my number, I don't never pick up
I don't owe you shit, bitch, leave me alone
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick

Too many niggas, not enough hoes
And some of you niggas, acting like hoes
Stay to myself like loners do
Get high by myself, I'm not in the mood
To politic or be fake with you
We apologize if you ever knew
Too many niggas, and not enough hoes
And most of you niggas, acting like hoes

Everybody heard that I fuck with Dre
And they wanna tell me, I made it
Nigga I ain't made shit, if he gave me a handout
I'ma take his wrist and break it
Nigga, I'm faded off of that Nuvo, chilling with two hoes in here
And they tie my laces, living the Matrix as them pills disappear
Me and my niggas just acting bad HiiiPower conglomerate
Living that life and counting this cash old friends I no longer have
I know a lot of people that smile in my face
But talk behind my back every time I'm gone
So when they call my number, I don't never pick up
I don't owe you shit, bitch, leave me alone
I'm going big, suck my dick
I'm going big, suck my dick

Too many niggas, not enough hoes
And some of you niggas, acting like hoes

I remember when I came out and shit
Man, it's been so long since they see my dick
Probably been five months since I seen my seed
Goddammit, K. Dot, when it come to this?
When I was sleeping on couches
Nigga couldn't get a call, just a Glock for my vouch
Nigga I was mothafuckin' out, yeah
With the flashing lights had me stuck like reindeer
When I should have been making bank, yeah
I was somewhere stuck where the flame is
Mothafucka, see how far that I came here
Went broke and I came up in the same year, can I get a hell yeah?
Drop my tear, hold my joy, show my pride
Music saved my fucking life, I'm doing right and you left behindFeel my pain, now I'm styling, Hermès shit, I spent a thousand
Different homes, different islands
Dropped my mixtape and it sold like an album
Reason why I'm be going big, bitch, suck my dick
Yeah, I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick
Tell 'em I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick
Yeah, I'm going big, bitch, suck my dick (Yeah)

Too many niggas, not enough hoes
And some of you niggas, acting like hoes
Stay to myself like loners do
Get high by myself, I'm not in the mood
To politic or be fake with you
We apologize if you ever knew
Too many niggas, and not enough hoes
And most of you niggas, acting like hoes

Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes, like hoes
Like hoes, nigga actin like a hoe
Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes
You actin like a hoe, you actin like a hoe
You actin like a hoe, niggas actin like a hoe
Like hoes, like hoes, like hoes, like 

Study long, study wrong, nigga
Hey, y'all close that front door, y'all let flies in this motherfucker
Close that door!
My OG up in this motherfucker right now
My pops man with the bottle of Hennessy in his hand, actin' a fool
Hey, hey, babe, check it out, I'ma tell you what my mama had said, she like:
I could spot you a mile away
I could see your insecurities written all on your face
So predictable your words, I know what you gonna say
Who you foolin'? Oh, you assuming you can just come and hang
With the homies but your level of realness ain't the same
Circus acts only attract those that entertain
Small talk, we know that it's all talk
We live in the Laugh Factory every time they mention your name
Askin' "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got the burner stashed to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
And the world don't respect you
And the culture don't accept you
But you think it's all love
And the girls gon' neglect you once your parody is done
Reputation can't protect you if you never had one
Jealousy (Complex), emotional (Complex)
Self-pity (Complex), under oath (Complex)
The loudest one in the room, nigga, that's a complex
Let me put it back in proper context
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
Askin' "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got the burner stashed to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie
(Pause)
What do you got to offer?
Tell me before we off ya, put you deep in the coffin
Been allergic to talkin', been a virgin to bullshit
And sell a dream in the auction, tell me just who your boss is
Niggas be fugazi, bitches be fugazi
This is for fugazi
Niggas and bitches who make habitual lyin' babies
Bless them little hearts
You can never persuade me
You can never relate me to him, to her, or that to them
Or you, the truth you love to bend
In the back, in the bed, on the floor, that's your ho
On the couch, in the mouth, I'll be out, really though
See, loud, rich niggas got low money
And loud, broke niggas got no money
The irony behind it is so funny
And I seen it all this past year
Pass on some advice we feel:
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard


Alls my life, I has to fight, nigga
Alls my life, I—
Hard times like, "Yah"
Bad trips like, "Yah"
Nazareth
I'm fucked up, homie, you fucked up
But if God got us, then we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're looking at me for the pay cut
But homicide be looking at you from the face down
What MAC-11 even boom with the bass down?
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my mama I love her, but this what I like, Lord knows
Twenty of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Reapin' everything I sow, so my karma comin' heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
I'm a motherfuckin' gangster in silence for the record, uh
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I've gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before, nigga
When our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?" Nigga
And we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street for sure, nigga
I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
What you want you, a house⁠? You, a car?
Forty acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Thinkin' of my partner, put the candy paintin' on the Regal
Diggin' in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Every day, my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico, ah
I don't talk about it, be about it, every day, I sequel
If I got it, then you know you got it, Heaven, I can reach you
Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, my dog, that's all
Bick back and Chad, I trap the bag for y'all
I rap, I black on track, so rest assured
My rights, my wrongs, I write 'til I'm right with God
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before, nigga
When our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?" Nigga
And we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street for sure, nigga
I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin' me is complicated
Too afraid of a lot of changes
I'm alright, and you're a favorite
Dark nights in my prayers
I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for 
1 Contributor2023 Listening Log Lyrics2023 Listening Log (January 1st - December 26th)
262 days N/A
54 albums (italicized)
4 EPs


Marvin Gaye ~ Save the Children (4:03), Beastie Boys ~ Sure Shot (3:19), Alice In Chains ~ Sunshine (4:45), Deltron 3030 ~ New Coke (:41), Vince Staples ~ ARE YOU WITH THAT? (2:18), Gorillaz ~ Kids With Guns (3:45), JAY-Z ~ Lyrical Exercise (3:46), Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:29), Madvillain ~ Rhinestone Cowboy (3:59), Slipknot ~ Tattered & Torn (2:53), J. Cole ~ c l o s e (2:48), Converge ~ Fault and Fracture (3:05), Gorillaz ~ Tomorrow Comes Today (3:13), Beastie Boys ~ The Biz Grasshopper Experimеnt (1:13), Gorillaz ~ Latin Simone (Que Pasa Contigo) (3:38), Radiohead ~ Up On Thе Ladder (4:17), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), Led Zeppelin ~ The Battle of Evermore (5:51), Lil Yachty ~ Poland (1:23), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (3:51), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), Eminem ~ Parking Lot (Skit) (:55), Beastie Boys ~ Piano Jam (1:51), Flying Lotus ~ Riot (4:02), MF DOOM ~ Vomitspit (2:48), JPEGMAFIA ~ WHAT KIND OF RAPPIN’ IS THIS? (1:52), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Bonus Track) (3:58), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), J Dilla ~ Workinonit (2:57), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ King Kunta (3:54), My Chemical Romance ~ The End. (1:52), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), J Dilla ~ Lightworks (1:55), JPEGMAFIA ~ REBOUND! (3:44), J Dilla ~ One Eleven (1:11), My Chemical Romance ~ Dead! (3:15), JPEGMAFIA ~ Kenan vs. Kel (3:01), MF DOOM ~ Kookies (Sesame Street original) (3:58), JPEGMAFIA ~ HAZARD DUTY PAY! (2:37), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Da Mystery of Chessboxin’ (4:47)


MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46), A Tribe Called Quest ~ We Can Get Down (4:19), Slipknot ~ Surfacing (3:38), Led Zeppelin ~ Heartbreaker (4:14), Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19)


Death Grips ~ Hacker(4:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ King Kunta (3:54), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), JPEGMAFIA ~ PTSD (2:28), Mos Def ~ Know That (4:03), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Kanye West ~ Roses (4:05), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), JPEGMAFIA ~ Real Nega (2:30), 21 Savage ~ Red Opps (2:43), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), Gorillaz ~ Every Planet We Reach Is Dead (4:55), BROCKHAMPTON ~ SKIT 3 (:39), BROCKHAMPTON ~ CASH (3:15), Jimi Hendrix ~ If 6 Was 9 (5:32), Slipknot ~ Me Inside (2:39), Slipknot ~ Metabolic (3:59), Slipknot ~ Solway Firth (5:56), Gorillaz ~ Fire Flies (3:53), Nas ~ One Time 4 Your Mind (3:18), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12)


Converge ~ Veins And Veils (2:32), Fleetwood Mac ~ Dreams (4:17), MC Ren ~ Bitch Made Nigga Killa (4:01), Danny Brown ~ Really Doe (5:19)
You might also like
Mos Def ~ Got (3:27), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), Mos Def ~ Ms. Fat Booty (3:42), Travis Scott ~ Nightcrawler (5:21), Marvin Gaye ~ Flyin’ High (In The Friendly Sky) (3:49), Travis Scott ~ Oh My Dis Side (5:51), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Bonus Track) (3:58), MF DOOM ~ Kon Karne (2:51), Eminem ~ Evil Twin (Skit) (7:33), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), Madvillain ~ America’s Most Blunted (3:54), Flying Lotus ~ Satelllliiiiiiiteee (3:49), Eminem ~ Stan (6:44), Logic ~ Bleed It (2:31), Beastie Boys ~ Sabrosa (3:29), MF DOOM ~ Kookies (commercial) (4:01), MF DOOM ~ Kookies (Sesame Street original) (3:58), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Voice of the Heroes (3:29), King Geedorah ~ Fastlane (3:08), JPEGMAFIA ~ HAZARD DUTY PAY! (2:37), The Doors ~ End of the Night (2:50), Slipknot ~ Disasterpiece


C418 ~ Minecraft - Volume Alpha (58:50), Slipknot ~ Nero Forte (5:15), Jimi Hendrix ~ Up From The Skies (2:57), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Lying (3:02), Kendrick Lamar ~ Hood Politics (4:52), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), Danny Brown ~ XXX (1:50), Daft Punk ~ Face to Face (4:00), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Cuns, Benny The Butcher ~ Black Caesar (2:41), JPEGMAFIA ~ Kenan vs. Kel (3:01), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Things Done Changed (3:58), YoungBoy Never Broke Again ~ Don’t Rate Me (2:33), YoungBoy Never Broke Again ~ The Last Slimeto (1:20:18)


50 Cent ~ Get Rich Or Die Tryin’ (1:24:38), Gorillaz, Daley ~ Doncamatic (3:22), JPEGMAFIA ~ Post Verified Lifestyle (3:35), Beastie Boys ~ Description Of A Strange Man (1:21), Gorillaz ~ Sweepstakes (5:20), Nirvana ~ Scentless Apprentice (3:48), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. (4:18), Death Grips ~ Pss Pss (4:33), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Gorillaz ~ Tomorrow Comes Today (3:13), Tame Impala ~ ‘Cause I’m A Man (4:02), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Led Zeppelin ~ Stairway to Heaven (8:02), Korn ~ Freak On a Leash (4:15), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:37), My Chemical Romance ~ Welcome to the Black Parade (5:11), My Chemical Romance ~ Mama (4:39), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (3:03)


My Chemical Romance ~ Sleep (4:43), Mos Def ~ UMI Says (5:04), Kanye West ~ My Way Home (1:43), Kanye West ~ Late (3:50), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (2:41), Flying Lotus ~ Camel (2:22), Led Zeppelin ~ Heartbreaker (4:14), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Slipknot ~ New Abortion (3:36), Thundercat ~ The Life Aquatic (2:36), Death Grips ~ System Blower (3:48), Daughters ~ Less Sex (4:47), Death Grips ~ Double Helix (2:40), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Unbelievable (3:43), Future ~ Purple Comin In (3:15), The Beatles ~ Yellow Submarine (2:38), Gorillaz ~ Plastic Beach (3:47), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 06 | 06.30.2014. (3:28), Beastie Boys ~ Car Thief (3:39), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Electric Relaxation (4:03), Black Sabbath ~ Laguna Sunrise (2:50), JAY-Z, Kanye West ~ Made In America (4:52), JBY NAS ~ Boom (2:37), Beastie Boys ~ Stink Bug (2:01)


Rage Against the Machine ~ Bulls on Parade (3:49), JPEGMAFIA ~ REBOUND! (3:44), Slipknot ~ Death Because of Death (1:20), The Beatles ~ I Want To Tell You (2:27), Metallica ~ Fade To Black (6:57), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Juicy (5:02), The Doors ~ End of the Night (2:50), Travis Scott ~ Antidote (4:22), Tame Impala ~ ‘Cause I’m A Man (4:02), JID ~ 151 Rum (2:36), Vince Staples ~ Norf Norf (3:03), Ski Mask The Slump God ~ Ya! (1:50), Deltron 3030 ~ Meet Cleofis Randolph the Patriarch (:36), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (3:51), Eminem ~ The Way I Am (4:50), Future ~ Now (2:41), Michael Jackson ~ Human Nature (4:06), Flying Lotus ~ Camel (2:22), Death Grips ~ The Cage (3:31), Kanye West ~ Drive Slow (4:32), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Hypnotize (3:49), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), Flying Lotus ~ GNG BNG (3:38), Denzel Curry ~ Walkin (4:40), J Dilla ~ Light It (:35), Eminem ~ Stronger Than I Was (5:36), Beastie Boys ~ The Biz Grasshopper Experiment (1:13), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), Kanye West ~ Bad News (3:58), Jimi Hendrix ~ Little Wing (2:25), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Still Hood (3:15), Gorillaz ~ DARE (4:05), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Me and My Bitch (4:00), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (Instrumental) (2:44), Tame Impala ~ Breathe Deeper (6:12), JPEGMAFIA ~ Williamsburg (3:32), Eminem ~ Berzerk (3:58), Radiohead ~ Reckoner (4:50), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Heart Part 5, Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34), Black Sabbath ~ The Writ (8:44), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK BALLOONS | 13LACK 13ALLOONZ, Gorillaz ~ M1 A1, Marvin Gaye ~ What’s Going On (3:53), Motörhead ~ Ace of Spades (2:46), Danny Brown ~ From The Ground (2:19), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), 21 Savage ~ Red Opps (2:43), Megadeth ~ Holy Wars…The Punishment Due (6:32), Led Zeppelin ~ Four Sticks (4:45), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ 4th Dimension (2:33), Megadeth ~ Poison Was The Cure (2:56), Jimi Hendrix ~ Bold as Love (4:11), Death Grips ~ Pss Pss (4:33)

Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34), Travis Scott ~ YOSEMITE (2:30), Mustard ~ Pure Water (3:12), Vince Staples ~ Lemme Know (3:42), Danny Brown ~ Really Doe (5:19), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ King Kunta (3:54), JID ~ Surround Sound (3:49), Danny Brown ~ When It Rain (3:15), Flying Lotus ~ Intro//A Cosmic Drama (1:14), Public Enemy ~ Brothers Gonna Work It Out (5:07), Converge ~ Shame In The Way (1:57), My Chemical Romance ~ The Sharpest Lives (3:20), Black Sabbath ~ Hole In The Sky (3:59), Migos ~ T-Shirt (4:02), Kanye West ~ Heartless (3:31), Beastie Boys ~ Dedication (2:32), Converge ~ Phoenix in Flight (3:48), Michael Jackson ~ Beat It (4:18), Flying Lotus ~ Parisian Goldfish (3:01), Gorillaz ~ Fire Flies (3:53), Nirvana ~ Heart-Shaped Box (4:41), Gorillaz ~ Let Me Out (2:55), Converge ~ Coral Blue (4:48), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), C418 ~ Haggstrom (3:24), MF DOOM ~ Rapp Snitch Knishes (2:52), Nirvana ~ Rape Me (2:50)


Big L ~ Put It On (3:37), Kanye West ~ Amazing (3:58), Danny Brown ~ Best Life (2:33), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), Converge ~ The Broken Vow (2:13), Converge ~ Distance and Meaning  (4:17), Cuns, Benny The Butcher ~ Scarface vs. Sosa, Pt. 1 (3:32), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), MF DOOM ~ Rapp Snitch Knishes (2:52), Gorillaz ~ Every Planet We Reach Is Dead (4:55), JPEGMAFIA ~ HAZARD DUTY PAY! (2:37), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03)


Thundercat ~ Tron Song (2:34), Michael Jackson ~ Human Nature (4:06), JPEGMAFIA ~ END CREDITS! (1:55), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Things Done Changed (3:58), JAY-Z, Kanye West ~ Who Gon Stop Me (4:16), Madvillain ~ Accordion (1:58), Kendrick Lamar ~ King Kunta (3:54), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), Nirvana ~ Tourette’s (1:35), JBY NAS ~ Jaded (2:15), The Doors ~ Light My Fire (7:05), MC Ren ~ Hounddogz (4:33), Vince Staples ~ SUNDOWN TOWN (2:30), Vince Staples ~ Lemme Know (3:42), Vince Staples ~ Ramona Park Legend Pt. 1 (:36), Death Grips ~ Inanimate Sensation (6:04), Mos Def ~ Brooklyn (5:09), Denzel Curry ~ Mental (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (2:07), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Kendrick Lamar ~ Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe (5:10), Marvin Gaye ~ Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler) (5:27), Denzel Curry ~ ULT (4:07), Gorillaz ~ Fire Flies (3:53), JAY-Z ~ Renegade (5:37), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Gorillaz ~ O Green World (4:35)


Slipknot - Greatest Hits (A Liar’s Funeral - Prosthetics) (2:09:35) https://youtu.be/b41KuBY9Mhc


Slipknot - Greatest Hits (Psychosocial - Wait and Bleed) (1:39:34) https://youtu.be/b41KuBY9Mhc


C418 ~ Death (:41), JPEGMAFIA ~ JPEGMAFIA TYPE BEAT (:54), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), Slipknot ~ The Shape (3:37), Alice In Chains ~ It Ain’t Like That (4:37), Madvillain ~ Accordion (1:58), Eminem ~ Deja Vu (4:43), My Chemical Romance ~ Welcome to the Black Parade (5:11), JPEGMAFIA ~ Thug Tears (3:18), The Doors ~ Break on Through (To the Other Side) (2:27), Kanye West ~ Roses (4:05), Blur ~ Song 2 (2:01), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Flying Lotus ~ Comet Course (3:01), Jimi Hendrix ~ Up From The Skies (2:57), Gorillaz, Daley ~ Doncamatic (The Joker Remix) (4:46), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46), Vince Staples ~ LIL FADE (2:12), Flying Lotus ~ Pickled! (2:13), BROCKHAMPTON ~ BANK (3:15), Slipknot ~ Diluted (3:23), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 02 | 06.23.2014 (4:18), Alice In Chains ~ Sunshine (4:45), Converge ~ Axe To Fall (1:41), Rage Against the Machine ~ Without a Face (3:36), Gorillaz ~ Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach (3:35), JPEGMAFIA ~ REBOUND! (3:44), C418 ~ Cat (3:06), JBY NAS ~ Jaded (2:15), Kendrick Lamar ~ You Ain’t Gotta Lie (Momma Said) (4:01), Flying Lotus ~ German Haircut (1:57), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), JPEGMAFIA ~ NEMO! (2:07), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: A.W.O.L. (1:45), Tame Impala ~ Let It Happen (7:47), Metallica ~ Fade To Black (6:57), Nirvana ~ Dumb (2:31), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Flying Lotus ~ Intro//A Cosmic Drama (1:14), J Dilla ~ The New (:49), Motörhead ~ (We Are) The Roadcrew (3:11), JPEGMAFIA ~ 100 EMOJI! (1:59), Danny Brown ~ Outer Space (2:44), Nirvana ~ Scentless Apprentice (3:48), Lil Yachty ~ Poland (1:23), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Protect Ya Neck (4:38), Gorillaz ~ Fire Flies (3:53), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ If You Want To (3:15), Daft Punk ~ Crescendolls (3:31), Deltron 3030 ~ Memory Loss (4:39), Mos Def ~ Do It Now (3:49), Korn ~ Freak On a Leash (4:15), JPEGMAFIA ~ KISSY, FACE EMOJI! (3:25), Eminem ~ Just Don’t Give A Fuck (Instrumental) (4:09), Death Grips ~ The Money Store (41:18)

Talking Heads ~ No Compassion (4:50), Kendrick Lamar ~ These Walls (5:01), Eminem ~Just Don’t Give A Fuck (4:07), Thundercat ~ Special Stage (2:56), JBY NAS ~ Boom (2:37), My Chemical Romance ~ Mama (4:39), JPEGMAFIA ~ Panic Emoji (3:00), Danny Brown ~ Lie4 (3:11), The Beatles ~ Eleanor Rigby (2:06), MF DOOM ~ Hoe Cakes (3:54)


My Chemical Romance ~ The Black Parade (51:51), Denzel Curry ~ Imperial (39:50), Nirvana ~ In Utero (41:23), Slipknot ~ We Are Not Your Kind (1:03:26), Kendrick Lamar ~ To Pimp A Butterfly (1:18:52)


Beastie Boys ~ Shake Your Rump (3:18), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin (3:03), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ Bells of DOOM (2:32), MF DOOM, The Prof.  ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46), MF DOOM, The Prof.  ~ All Outta Ale (3:26), Mac Miller ~ What’s the Use? (4:48), JPEGMAFIA ~ BMT! (2:22), MF DOOM ~ MM..FOOD (48:47), MF DOOM ~ Kookies (Sesame Street original) (3:58)


Converge ~ Jane Doe (45:15)


Black Sabbath ~ St. Vitus Dance (2:27), Future ~ Fuck Up Some Commas (3:57), Future ~ Mask Off (3:24)


90’s Underground Hip Hop - Smooth & Hard Indie Tracks (50:31) https://youtu.be/Pxxfx994GVw, JPEGMAFIA ~ ARE U HAPPY? (3:05), Black Sabbath ~ Snowblind (5:25), King Geedorah ~ Fastlane (3:08), Denzel Curry ~ The Ills (Cold Blooded Soul Version), Eminem ~ Just Don’t Give A Fuck (Instrumental) (4:09), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Madvillain ~ Operation Lifesaver aka Mint Test (1:30), King Geedorah ~ The Fine Print (4:29), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12), Talking Heads ~ Psycho Killer (4:20), Mos Def ~ Fear Not Of Man (4:28), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), Daft Punk ~ Crescendolls (3:31), JAY-Z, Kanye West ~ Who Gon Stop Me (4:16), The Beatles ~ She Said She Said (2:36), J. Cole ~ p u n c h i n ‘ . t h e . c l o c k (1:52), Television ~ Marquee Moon (10:38), MF DOOM ~ Kon Queso (4:00), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Da Mystery of Chessboxin’ (4:47), Eminem ~ Asshole (4:49), JPEGMAFIA ~ Whole Foods (2:04), Thundercat ~ Day & Night (:37), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (3:03), Denzel Curry ~ X-Wing (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (3:06), MF DOOM ~ Gumbo (:49), Kanye West ~ Crack Music (4:30), Public Enemy ~ Can’t Do Nuttin’ For Ya, Man! (2:46), Beastie Boys ~ Flute Loop (1:54), 90’s Underground Hip Hop - 1 Hour Old School Tracks (1:00:45) https://youtu.be/PubQfGQkRpE, Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Fleetwood Mac ~ Never Going Back Again (2:14), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Remix) (3:53), Denzel Curry ~ Melt Session #1 (4:01), Tame Impala ~ Tomorrow’s Dust (5:26), Future ~ Groupies (3:07), JPEGMAFIA ~ Real Nega (2:30), Slipknot ~ Prosthetics (4:58), MF DOOM ~ One Beer (4:18), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), BROCKHAMPTON ~ CASH (3:15), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), Death Grips ~ The Fever  (Aye Aye) (3:07), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), Danny Brown ~ Savage Nomad (3:28), Nirvana ~ Heart-Shaped Box (4:41), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), The Beatles ~ Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown) (2:04), Madvillain ~ Rainbows (2:51), Danny Brown ~ Shouldn’t Of (2:28), Kanye West ~ Paranoid (4:37), Nirvana ~ Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle (4:10), Gorillaz ~ Fire Coming out of the Monkey’s Head (3:19), Talking Heads ~ Psycho Killer (4:20), Death Grips ~ Get Got (2:51), J. Cole ~ m y . l i f e (3:38), Gorillaz ~ Starshine (3:33), Radiohead ~ Nude (4:15), Denzel Curry ~ TABOO | TA13OO (3:17), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), C418 ~ Living Mice (2:57), The Doors ~ Twentieth Century Fox (2:31), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:37), Tame Impala ~ One More Hour (7:12)


90’s Underground Hip Hop - Rare & Classic Tracks (56:59) https://youtu.be/8LTN6AyI4Zw


Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34),  Public Enemy ~ Caught, Can We Get A Witness? (4:53), Future ~ Groupies (3:07), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Midnight (4:25), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (2:50), JAY-Z, Kanye West ~ No Church In The Wild (4:32), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs on the Wing 2 (1:26), Fleetwood Mac ~ Go Your Own Way (3:43), Thundercat ~ Uh Uh (2:16), JPEGMAFIA ~ WHAT KIND OF RAPPIN’ IS THIS? (1:52), WWE, John Cena, Tha Trademarc ~ Keep Frontin’ (4:13), JID ~ Off Deez (3:33), Slipknot ~ Not Long for This World (6:35),  Beastie Boys ~ Get It Together (4:05), Flying Lotus ~ …And The World Laughs With You (2:55), Nirvana ~ Scentless Apprentice (3:48), Converge ~ The Broken Vow (2:13), Pusha T ~ Diet Coke (3:00), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:29), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Future ~ Slave Master (3:19), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Vince Staples~ SUNDOWN TOWN (2:30), Madvillain ~ The Illest Villains (1:55), The Weeknd ~ Faith (4:43), Vince Staples ~ MHM (2:11), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), Rage Against the Machine ~ Tesitfy (3:30), Danny Brown ~ Savage Nomad (3:28), Logic ~ Bleed It (2:31), My Chemical Romance ~ Disenchanted (4:55), Madvillain ~ America’s Most Blunted (3:54), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 05 | 09.21.2014. (5:38), Future ~ Where Ya At (3:28), Danny Brown ~ Really Doe (5:19), Led Zeppelin ~ When the Levee Breaks (7:08), Kanye West ~ Addiction (4:27), Motörhead ~ Ace of Spades (2:46), Mos Def ~ Habitat (4:39), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sing About Me, I’m Dying Of Thirst (12:03), MC Ren ~ Keep It Real (4:51), MF DOOM ~ Vomitspit (2:48), JPEGMAFIA ~ Jesus Forgive Me, I Am A Thot (2:36)


Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Yes ~ Close to the Edge (37:41), Tyler, The Creator ~ IGOR (39:43), Lil Yachty ~ Coffin (1:29), Lil Yachty ~ Poland (1:23), Lil Yachty ~ Let’s Start Here. (57:09)


Thundercat ~ Them Changes (3:08), Tame Impala ~ The Less I Know The Better (3:36), Eminem ~ Just Don’t Give A Fuck (A Cappella) (3:36), Kanye West ~ Hey Mama (5:05), Denzel Curry ~ Walkin (4:40), Tame Impala ~ Eventually (5:18), Kendrick Lamar ~ i (5:36), Migos ~ Big On Big (4:50), Danny Brown ~ Party All the Time (3:28), Michael Jackson ~ P.Y.T. (Pretty Young Thing) (3:59), Gorillaz, Daley ~ Doncamatic (3:22), Metallica ~ For Whom The Bell Tolls (5:10), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Remix) (3:53), Gorillaz ~ Re-Hash (3:40), Jimi Hendrix ~ Little Miss Lover (2:21), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bullet In the Head (5:07), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), Rage Against the Machine ~ Vietnow (4:37), Pusha T ~ Neck & Wrist (3:29), J Dilla ~ Glazed (1:21), Flying Lotus ~ Riot (4:02), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Slipknot ~ (515) (:59), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Lil Yachty ~ The Alchemist. (2:56)

Gorillaz ~ Rockit (3:33), JPEGMAFIA ~ DIRTY! (2:01), Death Grips ~ Double Helix (2:40), C418 ~ Beginning (1:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Public Enemy ~ Louder Than A Bomb (3:37), Thundercat ~ Drink Dat (3:35), Flying Lotus ~ Arkestry (2:51), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Tame Impala ~ On Track (5:01), Gorillaz ~ Superfast Jellyfish (2:54), Television ~ Torn Curtain (6:56), Denzel Curry ~ The Smell Of Death (1:20), Megadeth ~ Lucretia (3:56), The Weeknd ~ Heartless (3:18), Talking Heads ~ No Compassion (4:50), J Dilla ~ Welcome To The Show (1:11), Metallica ~ Ride The Lightning (6:37), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ If You Want To (3:15), Danny Brown ~ Outer Space (2:44), Thundercat ~ Day & Night (:37), Gorillaz ~ Sweepstakes (5:20), Beastie Boys ~ Shake Your Rump (3:18), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Me and My Bitch (4:00), Metallica ~ Fade To Black (6:57), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Led Zeppelin ~ Trampled Under Foot (5:36), Death Grips ~ Death Grips 2.0 (3:19), JID ~ Off Da Zoinkys (3:28), Denzel Curry ~ ULT (4:07), Tame Impala ~ Breathe Deeper (6:12), Radiohead ~ Reckoner (4:50), Travis Scott ~ Piss On Your Grave (2:46), J Dilla ~ Lightworks (1:55)


Led Zeppelin ~ Stairway to Heaven (8:02), JID ~ Skrawberries (3:38), Led Zeppelin ~ Ramble On (4:34), Public Enemy ~ Cold Lampin’ With Flavor (4:17), Gorillaz ~ Tomorrow Comes Today (3:13), JAY-Z ~ Can I Live (4:08), Converge ~ Fault and Fracture (3:05), JPEGMAFIA ~ Free The Frail (3:30), Danny Brown ~ Today (3:07), Television ~ Friction (4:43), Gorillaz ~ Kids with Guns (3:45), Future ~ Stick Talk (2:51), The Doors ~ I Looked at You (2:20), WWE, John Cena, Tha Trademarc ~ Bad, Bad Man (3:31), J Dilla ~ Last Donut Of The Night (1:39), Slipknot ~ Unsainted (4:20), Thundercat ~ We’ll Die (:55), Pink Floyd ~ Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Pts. 1-5) (13:31), Beastie Boys ~ Peanut Butter And Jelly (2:14), Slipknot ~ Prosthetics (4:58), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ Bells Of DOOM (2:32), Public Enemy ~ Reggie Jax (1:35), Danny Brown ~ Combat (3:38), Future ~ Thought It Was a Drought (4:25), Alice In Chains ~ Man in the Box (4:45), My Chemical Romance ~ The Sharpest Lives (3:20), Death Grips ~ Get Got (2:51), WWE, John Cena, Tha Trademarc ~ The Time Is Now (2:57), Megadeth ~ Poison Was The Cure (2:56), Danny Brown ~ Die Like a Rockstar (2:25), Future ~ Rotation (2:47), Gorillaz ~ Empire Ants (4:43), JPEGMAFIA~ THOT’S PRAYER! (3:07), Radiohead ~ Nude (4:15), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46)





Adele ~ Rumour Has It (3:43), Denzel Curry ~ Me Now (4:39), Mac Miller ~ Small Worlds (4:31), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Rage Against the Machine ~ Born of a Broken Man (4:40), Pink Floyd ~ Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Pts. 6-9) (12:27), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Somebody’s Gotta Die (4:26), Kendrick Lamar ~ These Walls (5:01), Beastie Boys ~ Ricky’s Theme (3:43), Thundercat ~ Jameel’s Space Ride (1:09), Flying Lotus ~ GNG BNG (3:38), Gorillaz ~ Last Living Souls (3:15), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), Beastie Boys ~ Hey Ladies (3:47), Talking Heads ~ Don’t Worry About the Government (3:00), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Death Grips ~ The Powers That B (5:32), Public Enemy ~ Show ‘Em Whatcha Got (1:56), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Vince Staples ~ LIL FADE (2:12), Rage Against the Machine ~ Roll Right (4:20), Gorillaz ~ Broken (3:17), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), Danny Brown ~ From The Ground (2:19), Lil Uzi Vert ~ Just Wanna Rock (2:03)

R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Die, Rugged Man, Die (51:55), Smoke DZA ~ Rugby Thompson (38:57)


R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Legends Never Die (57:03), Your Old Droog ~ It Wasn’t Even Close (40:30), Your Old Droog ~ Transportation (49:13), Stalley ~ Reflection of Self: The Head Trip (32:41), Your Old Droog ~ Jewelry (35:12)


Your Old Droog ~ Dropout Boogie (3:09), Your Old Droog ~ TIME (44:56), Your Old Droog ~ Space Bar (32:20), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Tha Wolf On Wall St 2: The American Dream (21:38), Your Old Droog ~ YOD Wave (18:55), Your Old Droog ~ Yod Stewart (22:56), Your Old Droog ~ The Return Of Sasquatch (1:58), Your Old Droog ~ Yodney Dangerfield (16:14)


Vince Staples ~ Birds & Bees (2:42), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Hypnotize (3:49), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), C418 ~ Moog City (2:40), Danny Brown ~ Pneumonia (3:39), Daughters ~ Guest House (4:29), Denzel Curry ~ SWITCH IT UP | ZWITCH 1T UP (2:55), Eminem ~ Under The Influence (5:21), Eminem ~ The Real Slim Shady (4:44), Eric B. & Rakim ~ I Ain't No Joke (3:52), Eric. B & Rakim ~ Chinese Arithmetic (4:06), Flying Lotus ~ Nose Art (1:58), Flying Lotus ~ Zodiac Shit (2:44), Gorillaz ~ Stylo (4:30), J Dilla ~ Walkinonit (1:15), J Dilla ~ Welcome To The Show (1:11), JAY-Z ~ Can I Live II (3:57), Jimi Hendrix ~ Spanish Castle Magic (3:03), Kendrick Lamar ~ good kid (3:34), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Madvillain ~ Shadows of Tomorrow (2:36), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs on the Wing 2 (1:26), Pusha T ~ Scrape It Off (2:32), Radiohead ~ Jigsaw Falling Into Place (4:08), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bombtrack (4:03), Slipknot ~ Eeyore (2:47), Stalley ~ A Main (3:37), The Beatles ~ Nowhere Man (2:43), The Pat McAfee Show ~ Be A Bud, Tell A Bud (1:09), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Corporate Ladder (2:45)


The Beatles ~ Eleanor Rigby (2:06), Death Grips ~ Pss Pss (4:33), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Mo Money Mo Problems (4:17), Vince Staples ~ Señorita (3:08), Beastie Boys ~ The Move (3:35), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (3:03), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (3:51), Beastie Boys ~ Description Of A Strange Man (1:21), Beastie Boys ~ Peanut Butter And Jelly (2:14), Beastie Boys ~ Sabotage (2:58), Beastie Boys ~ Eugene’s Lament (2:12), Beastie Boys ~ Shadrach (4:08), Black Sabbath ~ Symptom Of The Universe (6:29), C418 ~ Danny (4:14), Converge ~ Trespasses (2:43), Converge ~ Sadness Comes Home (3:12), Converge ~ Predatory Glow (3:25), Converge ~ Axe To Fall (1:41), Converge ~ Wishing Well (2:49), Converge ~ Slave Driver (2:36), Converge ~ Homewrecker (3:51), Converge ~ Heaven in Her Arms (4:00), Daft Punk ~ Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (3:44), Daft Punk ~ Face to Face (4:00), Danny Brown ~ Really Doe (5:19), Danny Brown ~ Hell For It (3:49), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Death Grips ~ Hustle Bones (3:12), Death Grips ~ System Blower (3:48), Deltron 3030 ~ Mastermind (3:34), Denzel Curry ~ Zenith (4:02), Denzel Curry ~ Ain’t No Way (4:24), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK BALLOONS | 13LACK 13ALLOONZ (3:30), Flying Lotus ~ Beginners Falafel (2:28), Future ~ March Madness (4:04), Gorillaz ~ Intro (1:07), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Gorillaz ~ Fire Coming out of the Monkey’s Head (3:19), Gorillaz ~ Fire Flies (3:53), Gorillaz ~ Re-Hash (3:40), Gorillaz ~ Doncamatic (3:22), JAY-Z ~ Girls, Girls, Girls (Part 2) (4:14), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), Kanye West ~ See You In My Nightmares (4:18), Kendrick Lamar ~ Swimming Pools (Drank) (Extended Version) (5:13), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), Led Zeppelin ~ How Many More Times (8:27), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Man of my Word (2:52), Lil Uzi Vert ~ Just Wanna Rock (2:03), Lil Yachty ~ the ride- (3:10), Lil Yachty ~ sHouLd i B? (2:48), Mac Miller ~ Small Worlds (4:31), Madvillain ~ All Caps (2:10), Marvin Gaye ~ Flyin’ High  (In The Friendly Sky) (3:49), MC Ren ~ Intro: Check It Out Ya’ll (2:00), MF DOOM ~ Potholderz (3:20), MF DOOM ~ Fig Leaf Bi-Carbonate (3:19), MF DOOM ~ Guinesses (4:41), MF DOOM ~ Rapp Snitch Knishes (2:52), Migos ~ T-Shirt (4:02), Mos Def ~ Mathematics (4:06), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Nirvana ~ Very Ape (1:55), Public Enemy ~ Bring The Noise (3:46), Public Enemy ~ Mind Terrorist (1:21), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Learn Truth (3:16), Rage Against the Machine ~ Down Rodeo (5:20), Rage Against the Machine ~ Born of a Broken Man (4:40), Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), Slipknot ~ Only One (2:24), Slipknot ~ Not Long for This World (6:35), Slipknot ~ Solway Firth (5:55), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Respect (5:21), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Big Poppa (4:12), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Things Done Changed (3:58), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Shame On a Nigga (2:57), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Thundercat ~ Rabbot Ho (:38), Flying Lotus ~ Table Tennis (3:01)


Kelela ~ CUT 4 ME (47:52), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Converge ~ Thaw (4:30)


Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56)


Faith No More ~ Introduce Yourself (37:53), Faith No More ~ The Real Thing (55:17), Thundercat ~ Lava Lamp (2:58), Denzel Curry ~ Walkin (4:40), MF DOOM ~ Fig Leaf Bi-Carbonate (3:19), Lil Yachty ~ WE SAW THE SUN! (5:31), Rage Against the Machine ~ Wind Below (5:50), Thundercat ~ Them Changes (3:08), Gorillaz ~ Every Planet We Reach Is Dead (4:55), Motörhead ~ The Chase Is Better Than the Catch (4:15), Stalley ~ Reflection (Outro) (2:02), Denzel Curry ~ ULT (4:07), Deltron 3030 ~ Love Story (3:26), Danny Brown ~ From The Ground (2:19), Madvillain ~ Rhinestone Cowboy (3:59), Eminem ~ Drug Ballad (5:00), Converge ~ Effigy (1:42), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Things Done Changed (3:58), Jimi Hendrix ~ One Rainy Wish (3:41), Eminem ~ Berzerk (3:58), Gorillaz ~ Kids with Guns (3:45), Flying Lotus ~ Dance Of The Pseudo Nymph (2:46), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Juicy (5:02), C418 ~ Minecraft (4:14), Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (5:40), Vince Staples ~ Norf Norf (3:03), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), J Dilla ~ Two Can Win (1:47), Rage Against the Machine ~ Guerrilla Radio (3:26), Talking Heads ~ Happy Day (3:55), Vince Staples ~ Lemme Know (3:42), C418 ~ Droopy Likes Ricochet (1:36), Talking Heads ~ Psycho Killer(4:20), Kanye West ~ My Way Home (1:43), Beastie Boys ~ Super Disco Breakin’ (2:07), Death Grips ~ System Blower (3:48)

Mac Miller ~ What’s the Use? (4:48), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bullet In the Head (5:07), Daft Punk ~ High Life (3:21), Black Sabbath ~ Don’t Start (Too Late) (:49), Converge ~ Fault and Fracture (3:05), Mac Miller ~ 2009 (5:48), Nas ~ Memory Lane (Sittin’ in da Park) (4:08), Denzel Curry ~ SUPER SAIYAN SUPERMAN | ZUPER ZA1YAN ZUPERMAN (2:12), Public Enemy ~ Welcome To The Terrordome (5:25), Gorillaz ~ Kids with Guns (3:45), Denzel Curry ~ Me Now (4:39), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ B.I.G. (Interlude) (:48), J Dilla ~ The Factory (1:23), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Underground Hits (2:49), Future ~ Rotation (2:47), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Award Tour (3:46), Beastie Boys ~ Three MC’s And One DJ (2:50), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), Marvin Gaye ~ Right On (7:32), Madvillain ~ Accordion (1:58), Madvillain ~ Strange Ways (1:51), Future ~ Now (2:41), Your Old Droog ~ Body Right, Mind Right (2:53), Madvillain ~ Money Folder (3:02), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46), Nirvana ~ Heart-Shaped Box (4:41), The Beatles ~ I Want To Tell You (2:27), Kendrick Lamar ~ Hood Politics (4:52), Public Enemy ~ Final Count Of The Collision Between Us And The Damned (Instrumental) (:48), Kendrick Lamar ~ Mortal Man (12:07), Denzel Curry ~ SWITCH IT UP | ZWITCH 1T UP (2:55), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Fuck Me (Interlude)  (1:31), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), My Chemical Romance ~ Teenagers (2:41), Converge ~ Slave Driver (2:36), JPEGMAFIA ~ Curb Stomp (2:15), Television ~ Venus (3:49), Madvillain ~ America’s Most Blunted (3:54), Gorillaz ~ M1 A1 (4:01), Metallica ~ Creeping Death (6:35), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber - Part II (6:10), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Tech N9ne ~ Speedom (Wwc2) (4:55), BROCKHAMPTON ~ CASH (3:15), JID ~ 151 Rum (2:36), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ All Outta Ale (3:26), Gorillaz ~ O Green World (4:35), Fleetwood Mac ~ The Chain (4:29), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Lil Yachty ~ pRETTy (2:42), Alice In Chains ~ It Ain’t Like That (4:37), Rage Against the Machine ~ Killing In the Name (5:13), Thundercat ~ Bus In These Streets (2:24), Television ~ See No Evil (3:52), Mac Miller ~ Perfecto (3:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), Beastie Boys ~ Shake Your Rump (3:18), Your Old Droog ~ Nightmares And Dreams (3:17), Danny Brown ~ Party All the Time (3:28), Marvin Gaye ~ Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler) (5:27), BROCKHAMPTON ~ SWIM (3:33), Future ~ Thought It Was a Drought (4:25), Madvillain ~ Strange Ways (1:51)


Gorillaz ~ November Has Come (2:45), Mac Miller ~ Conversation Pt. 1 (3:30), Danny Brown ~ Goldust (2:24), Motörhead ~ The Hammer (2:46), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Bruised Up (3:26), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Hats Off (4:17), Led Zeppelin ~ Going to California (3:32), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), Eminem ~ Remember Me? (3:38), Alice In Chains ~ Man in the Box (4:45), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Da Mystery of Chessboxin’ (4:47), Kendrick Lamar ~ Momma (4:43), Public Enemy ~ Show ‘Em Whatcha Got (1:56), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Bonus Track) (3:58), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Tearz (4:17), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Your Old Droog ~ Scooby Snacks (2:45), My Chemical Romance ~ Mama (4:39), Kendrick Lamar ~ Institutionalized (4:31), Jimi Hendrix ~ Castles Made of Sand (2:48), Black Sabbath ~ Don’t Start (Too Late) (:49), Public Enemy ~ Fear Of A Black Planet (3:45), The Weeknd ~ Heartless (3:18), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs (Three Different Ones) (11:25), Denzel Curry ~ This Life (3:27), Tame Impala ~ Love/Paranoia (3:05), Public Enemy ~ Brothers Gonna Work It Out (5:07), Beastie Boys ~ Super Disco Breakin’ (2:07), My Chemical Romance ~ Sleep (4:43), Jimi Hendrix ~ If 6 Was 9 (5:34), Beastie Boys ~ What Comes Around (3:07), Migos ~ Culture (2:33), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Make You Famous (4:07), J. Cole ~ p u n c h i n ‘ . t h e . c l o c k (1:52), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (3:51), Vince Staples ~ TAKE ME HOME (2:46), J. Cole ~ a p p l y i n g . p r e s s u r e (2:57), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ War Of Millionz (2:38), Led Zeppelin ~ Custard Pie (4:13), Stalley ~ Head Trip (3:12), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), Michael Jackson ~ Human Nature (4:06), Flying Lotus ~ Clock Catcher(1:12), Migos ~ Call Casting (3:52), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Legends Never Die (Daddy’s Halo) (3:21), Pusha T ~ Brambleton (2:50), J Dilla ~ Dilla Says Go (1:16), Madvillain ~ Fancy Clown (1:55), Madvillain ~ Meat Grinder (2:11), Mac Miller ~ So It Goes (5:12), Eminem ~ Asshole (4:49), Nas ~ Memory Lane (Sittin’ in da Park) (4:08), Madvillain ~ Raid (2:30), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22)

Beastie Boys ~ Egg Man (2:57), Death Grips ~ Punk Weight (3:24), Your Old Droog ~ The Ballad Of Krutoy (2:59), Kanye West ~ Late (3:50), Converge ~ Runaway (2:03), Kanye West ~ Amazing (3:58), Thundercat ~ 3AM (1:15), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Danny Brown ~ Party All the Time (3:28), Your Old Droog ~ The Unknown Comic (2:05), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), Thundercat ~ Day & Night (:37), C418 ~ Mice on Venus (4:41), Flying Lotus ~ Do The Astral Plane (3:57), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Oh My God (3:28)


Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: Stop That Train (1:58), Black Sabbath ~ St. Vitus Dance (2:27), J Dilla ~ Geek Down (1:19), Beastie Boys ~ Looking Down The Barrel Of A Gun (3:28), J Dilla ~ Last Donut Of The Night (1:39), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bulls On Parade (3:49), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), MF DOOM ~ Deep Fried Frenz (4:59), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:29), Kendrick Lamar ~ Institutionalized (4:31), Your Old Droog ~ Black N Red Huaraches (2:29), Slipknot ~ Eeyore (2:47), Flying Lotus ~ …And The World Laughs With You (2:55), Nirvana ~ Very Ape (1:55), Beastie Boys ~ Shadrach (4:08), Public Enemy ~ Meet The G That Killed Me (:44), Deltron 3030 ~ Turbulence (Remix) (3:33), Danny Brown ~ Hell For It (3:49), The Beatles ~ Yellow Submarine (2:38), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Eric B. & Rakim ~ I Ain’t No Joke (3:52), Deltron 3030 ~ Positive Contact (4:42), My Chemical Romance ~ Cancer (2:23), Madvillain ~ Do Not Fire (:52), Led Zeppelin ~ Four Sticks (4:45), Beastie Boys ~ The Update (3:15), Beastie Boys ~ Peanut Butter And Jelly (2:14), Gorillaz ~ Stylo (4:30), Tame Impala ~ Let It Happen (7:47), Rage Against the Machine ~ Settle for Nothing (4:47), Eric B. & Rakim ~ As The Rhyme Goes On (4:00), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Mos Def ~ Hip Hop (3:16), Slipknot ~ Liberate (3:04), J Dilla ~ Hi. (1:16), King Geedorah ~ Fazers (3:17), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27)


Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19), Talking Heads ~ New Feeling (3:09), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ What’s Beef? (5:15), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Sam Peckinpah (3:18), Beastie Boys ~ The Scoop (3:36), Daft Punk ~ One More Time (5:20), Television ~ Friction (4:43), Future ~ Groupies (3:07), BROCKHAMPTON ~ WASTE (2:34), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Reborn (5:24), Denzel Curry ~ SIRENS | Z1RENZ (3:56), Deltron 3030 ~ Time Keeps on Slipping (4:59), Rage Against the Machine ~ Killing In the Name (5:13), Marvin Gaye ~ Wholy Holy (3:07), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), Converge ~ Homewrecker (3:51), Flying Lotus ~ Do The Astral Plane (3:57), Thundercat ~ Them Changes (3:08), Denzel Curry ~ Ain’t No Way (4:24), Kendrick Lamar ~ Rigamortus (2:48), Future ~ Colossal (3:03), Alice In Chains ~ Man in the Box (4:45), Migos ~ Slippery (5:04), Mos Def ~ Ms. Fat Booty (3:42), Your Old Droog ~ Triple Lindy (2:02), Mos Def ~ Speed Law (4:16), Kanye West ~ My Way Home (1:43), JAY-Z ~ Can’t Knock The Hustle (Fool’s Paradise Remix) (4:43), Deltron 3030 ~ Turbulence (Bonus Track - Mark Bell Remix) (4:19), MC Ren ~ Intro: Check It Out Ya’ll (2:00), Daughters ~ Less Sex (4:47), Daughters ~ City Song (5:55), The Weeknd ~ Faith (4:43), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1488 (2:28), Flying Lotus ~ Drips//Auntie’s Harp (2:10), Converge ~ Fault and Fracture (3:05), Gorillaz ~ On Melancholy Hill (3:53), Madvillain ~ All Caps (2:10), Tame Impala ~ Yes I’m Changing (4:30), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: 59 Chrystie Street (:56), Deltron 3030 ~ Positive Contact (Bonus Track - Mario C Remix) (3:56), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Lying (3:02), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1539 N. Calvert (2:37), Danny Brown ~ EWNESW (2:23), Eminem ~ Under The Influence (5:21), Eminem ~ So Far… (5:17), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Tom Thum (3:12), Tame Impala ~ ‘Cause I’m A Man (4:02), Pink Floyd ~ Dogs (17:05), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Protect Ya Neck (4:38), Gorillaz ~ 5/4 (2:42), Mac Miller ~ Self Care (5:45), J Dilla ~ Walkinonit (1:15), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: Get On The Mic (1:14), Kendrick Lamar ~ Backseat Freestyle (3:32), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Jack Ü ~ Where Are Ü Now (4:10)

Television ~ Prove It (5:00), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ What’s Beef? (5:15), Eminem ~ Criminal (5:19), JAY-Z ~ Never Change (3:57), Madvillain ~ Hardcore Hustle (1:21), Beastie Boys ~ Hail Sagan (Special K) (4:04), JID ~ Hasta Luego (3:41), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter’s Daughter (4:33), Converge ~ Distance and Meaning (4:17), Future ~ Purple Comin In (3:15), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Legends Never Die (Daddy’s Halo) (3:21), Future ~ Groupies (3:07), Tame Impala ~ Eventually (5:18), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), Kendrick Lamar ~ Swimming Pools (Drank) (Extended Version) (5:13), Danny Brown ~ Rolling Stone (3:48), Gorillaz ~ 19-2000 (3:30), Megadeth ~ Holy Wars… The Punishment Due (6:32), The Beatles ~ I Want To Tell You (2:27), Megadeth ~ Take No Prisoners (3:27), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), Alice In Chains ~ Man in the Box (4:45), Alice In Chains ~ Sea Of Sorrow (5:49), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), Beastie Boys ~ Electrify (2:22), Beastie Boys ~ “Dr. Lee, PhD” (4:50), Beastie Boys ~ Sabotage (2:58), Black Sabbath ~ Snowblind (5:25), BROCKHAMPTON ~ HEAT (4:32), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), Converge ~ Thaw (4:30), Cuns, Benny The Butcher ~ The Ghost (2:48), Danny Brown ~ Downward Spiral (2:52), Danny Brown ~ Pac Blood (2:32), Daughters ~ The Flammable Man (2:09), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), Death Grips ~ The Cage (3:31), Denzel Curry ~ PERCS | PERCZ (3:06), Eminem ~ Marshall Mathers (5:20), Eminem ~ Ken Kaniff (Skit) (1:01), Eminem ~ Legacy (4:56), Fleetwood Mac ~ Songbird (3:20), Fleetwood Mac ~ Oh Daddy (3:56), Flying Lotus ~ Camel (2:22), Flying Lotus ~ Parisian Goldfish (3:01), Future ~ Where Ya At (3:28), Gorillaz ~ Last Living Souls (3:15), Gorillaz ~ Rhinestone Eyes (3:20), J Dilla ~ Workinonit (2:57), J Dilla ~ Stop (1:39), JAY-Z ~ Politics As Usual (3:41), Jimi Hendrix ~ Wait Until Tomorrow (3:02), JPEGMAFIA ~ Libtard Anthem (1:20), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), Kendrick Lamar ~ Ab-Souls Outro (5:50), King Geedorah ~ Fastlane (3:08), King Geedorah ~ Anti-Matter (3:26), Led Zeppelin ~ Good Times Bad Times (2:46), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), Led Zeppelin ~ The Battle of Evermore (5:51), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12), Lil Yachty ~ Lets Start Here track 5 (2:47), Madvillain ~ Meat Grinder (2:11), Madvillain ~ Do Not Fire! (:52), Madvillain ~ Fancy Clown (1:55), MC Ren ~ Final Frontier (4:10), MC Ren ~ Right Up My Alley (5:37), MF DOOM ~ Poo-Putt Platter (1:13), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ Bells Of DOOM (Instrumental) (2:33), Migos ~ Kelly Price (6:03), My Chemical Romance ~ Welcome to the Black Parade (5:11), Nas ~ One Time 4 Your Mind (3:18), Nirvana ~ Milk It (3:54), Public Enemy ~ Fight The Power (4:42), Public Enemy ~ Night Of The Living Baseheads (3:14), Pusha T ~ Dreamin Of The Past (2:53), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Bang Boogie (1:55), Slipknot ~ Metabolic (3:54), Stalley ~ Head Trip (3:12), Stalley ~ Bad Ass Kidz (4:27), Tame Impala ~ New Person, Same Old Mistakes (6:03), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Travis Scott ~ 90210 (5:39), Travis Scott ~ Antidote (4:22), Travis Scott ~ Apple Pie (3:39)

Gorillaz ~ Cracker Island (37:26), Logic ~ College Park (1:07:18), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bullet In the Head (5:07), Slipknot ~ Solway Firth (5:55), Denzel Curry ~ MAD I GOT IT | MAD 1 GOT 1T (3:52), Gorillaz ~ Tomorrow Comes Today (3:13), Kanye West ~ Highlights (3:19), Public Enemy ~ Black Steel In The Hour Of Chaos (6:23), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Juicy (5:02), JID ~ Frequency Change (:59), MF DOOM ~ Hoe Cakes (3:54), BROCKHAMPTON ~ CASH (3:15), The Beatles ~ For No One (1:59), J. Cole ~ m y . l i f e (3:38), Danny Brown ~ DNA (2:56), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs on the Wing 2 (1:26), Talking Heads ~ Who Is It?  (1:44), Rage Against the Machine ~ Revolver (5:27), Eminem ~ Bitch Please II (4:48), Led Zeppelin ~ Ramble On (4:34), JAY-Z ~ 22 Two’s (3:29), Deltron 3030 ~ Mastermind (3:34), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ How It Feels (2:46), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28)


J Dilla ~ Stepson Of The Clapper (1:01), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Electric Relaxation (4:03), The Doors ~ Twentieth Century Fox (2:31), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), Travis Scott ~ Pornography (3:51), JAY-Z ~ Takeover (5:13), Kendrick Lamar ~ Momma (4:43), Future ~ March Madness (4:04), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Everyday Struggle (5:19), Pusha T ~ If You Know You Know (3:22), MC Ren ~ Kizz My Black Azz (4:17), JAY-Z ~ Heart Of The City (Ain’t No Love) (3:43), Death Grips ~ Double Helix (2:40), Kanye West ~ Heard ‘Em Say (3:23), Radiohead ~ Weird Fishes / Arpeggi (5:18), Low ~ Things We Lost in the Fire (53:08), Slipknot ~ Death Because of Death (1:20), Led Zeppelin ~ Stairway to Heaven (8:02), Slipknot ~ Gently (4:54), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), C418 ~ Wet Hands (1:30), Lil Yachty ~ the BLACK seminole. (6:51), Travis Scott ~ Flying High (3:28), Kanye West ~ Fade (3:13), My Chemical Romance ~ Mama (4:39), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (3:51), Beastie Boys ~ Hail Sagan (Special K) (4:04), Converge ~ Vicious Muse (1:52), Public Enemy ~ Anti-Nigga Machine (3:17), Led Zeppelin ~ When the Levee Breaks (7:08), Beastie Boys ~ Happy To Be In That Perfect Headspace (:49), Rage Against the Machine ~ Wind Below (5:50), Denzel Curry ~ SUPER SAIYAN SUPERMAN | ZUPER ZA1YAN ZUPERMAN (2:12), Kanye West ~ Real Friends (4:11), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Still Get Through The Day (3:36), Kanye West ~ Skit #4 (1:18), Kendrick Lamar ~ HiiiiPower (4:39), Talking Heads ~ First Week / Last Week…. Carefree (3:21), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), Beastie Boys ~ Futterman’s Rule (3:42), Kanye West ~ Touch The Sky (3:56)


Daughters ~ You Won’t Get What You Want (48:33), Slipknot ~ Iowa (1:06:20)


Eminem ~ Marshall Mathers (5:20), Travis Scott ~ 3500 (7:41), JAY-Z ~ Ain’t No Nigga (4:02), Danny Brown ~ Fields (2:33), Daft Punk ~ Short Circuit (3:26), Eminem ~ Evil Twin (Skit) (7:33), Travis Scott ~ 90210 (5:39), Slipknot ~ Diluted (3:23), Travis Scott ~ Wasted (3:55), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), Black Sabbath ~ Laguna Sunrise (2:50), Led Zeppelin ~ Ramble On (4:34), Nirvana ~ Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (4:51), Migos ~ Big On Big (4:50), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Rage Against the Machine ~ Roll Right (4:20), J Dilla ~ Don’t Cry (1:59), J Dilla ~ The Twister (Huh, What) (1:17), J Dilla ~ Workinonit (2:57), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), C418 ~ Subwoofer Lullaby (3:28), Nirvana ~ Tourette’s (1:35), Kanye West ~ I Love Kanye (:44), Metallica ~ Escape (4:23), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), J Dilla ~ Anti-American Graffiti (1:53), Flying Lotus ~ Drips//Auntie’s Harp (2:10), Jimi Hendrix ~ Spanish Castle Magic (3:03), Alice In Chains ~ It Ain’t Like That (4:37), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK BALLOONS | 13LACK 13ALLOONZ (3:30), Flying Lotus ~ Parisian Goldfish (3:01), Deltron 3030 ~ St. Catherine St. (:43), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Big Poppa (4:12), Michael Jackson ~ The Lady in My Life (5:00), Vince Staples ~ LAKEWOOD MALL (1:17), Kendrick Lamar ~ Swimming Pools (Drank) (Extended Version) (5:13), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Corporate Ladder (2:45), Denzel Curry ~ MAD I GOT IT | MAD 1 GOT 1T (3:52), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Feel The Love (2:45), Jimi Hendrix ~ You Got Me Floatin’ (2:48), Danny Brown ~ 30 (3:18), Gorillaz ~ New Gold (3:35), Eric B. & Rakim ~ Move The Crowd (3:47), Converge ~ Glacial Place (4:25), Viktor Vaughn ~ Lactose and Lecithin (2:34), Led Zeppelin ~ Rock and Roll (3:40), Beastie Boys ~ Looking Down The Barrel Of A Gun (3:28), Mos Def ~ Do It Now (3:49), J. Cole ~ 9 5 . s o u t h (3:16), Slipknot ~ Birth Of The Cruel (4:35), Converge ~ Jane Doe (11:34), Kanye West ~ We Major (7:28), Mac Miller ~ 2009 (5:48), Talking Heads ~ Don’t Worry About the Government (3:00), JPEGMAFIA ~ My Thoughts On Neogaf Dying (1:33), Mos Def ~ Ms. Fat Booty (3:42), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Denzel Curry ~ Knotty Head (4:28), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), J. Cole ~ 1 0 0 . m i l ‘ (2:43), Vince Staples ~ Norf Norf (3:03), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), J. Cole ~ c l o s e (2:48),  Low ~ Dinosaur Act (4:13), Future ~ Fuck Up Some Commas (3:57), Danny Brown ~ From The Ground (2:19), My Chemical Romance ~ Teenagers (2:41), Your Old Droog ~ Toxic Love (2:42), JPEGMAFIA ~ DD Form 214 (3:15), Flying Lotus ~ Table Tennis (3:01), Michael Jackson ~ Human Nature (4:06), Danny Brown ~ Adderall Admiral (1:43), Jimi Hendrix ~ Little Wing (2:25), The Beatles ~ Drive My Car (2:28), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), A Tribe Called Quest ~ We Can Get Down (4:19), JAY-Z ~ Hola’ Hovito (4:33), Lil Yachty ~ IVE OFFICIALLY LOST ViSiON!!!! (5:22), Madvillain ~ Rainbows (2:51), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28)


Kendrick Lamar ~ For Free? (Interlude) (2:10), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boys Makin’ With The Freak Freak (3:36), Megadeth ~ Holy Wars…The Punishment Due (6:32), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Beastie Boys ~ Learning Remote Control (1:49), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12), Public Enemy ~ Contract On The World Love Jam (Instrumental) (1:44), Converge ~ Veins And Veils (2:32), Public Enemy ~ Brothers Gonna Work It Out (5:07), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Madvillain ~ Eye (1:57), Gorillaz ~ Empire Ants (4:43), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), Denzel Curry ~ Knotty Head (4:28), C418 ~ Key (1:05), Pusha T ~ Call My Bluff (2:48), Viktor Vaughn ~ Never Dead (3:27), Converge ~ Vicious Muse (1:52), Marvin Gaye ~ What’s Going On (3:53)



Logic ~ 44 More (3:08), Kanye West - 530 (Unreleased) (4:51) https://youtu.be/VTMocwvyahY, good rare/unreleased kanye https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLfVj_rZo3LyctZFAroFmXmO1nQfEehIMM, Gorillaz - Dub Dumb (4:12) https://youtu.be/C5MvQzZ8mpo, Gorillaz - Samba At 13 (Official Video) (6:25) https://youtu.be/rCGvUAKKOF0, Gorillaz- Hand Clapper (unreleased) (2:15) https://youtu.be/uOeRafpt7H4, Gorillaz- Gor Beaten (Very Rare, unreleased) (2:32) https://youtu.be/4FHQWA4dCFk, Gorillaz - Whirlwind (unreleased Plastic Beach song) (1:41) https://youtu.be/9WP1OCp9bYU, Gorillaz - Punk (Unmastered Version) (2:24) https://youtu.be/S-kHoyBUlI8, Gorillaz - M1 A1 (Early Mix) (4:11) https://youtu.be/dsjCoUDUlBg, Gorillaz Feel good inc.(Noodles Demo) (2:50) https://youtu.be/Mv4jXvma9FU, Damon Albarn - 01 I Need A Gun (Dirty Harry Demo) (1:26) https://youtu.be/xAuKNVeDg0A, A Rappy Song (Remix) - Damon Albarn (3:18) https://youtu.be/cPqBmPxksQM, Gorillaz - Glitter Freeze (Alternative Version) (3:50) https://youtu.be/2UXrNFV7yP4, Gorillaz- Pirate’s Progress (4:14) https://youtu.be/uUoo8cAZTzc, Gorillaz - Broken (Demo) (Music Video) Subtitulada en Español (3:53) https://youtu.be/ZV7sOIYG1bA, Gorillaz - Electric Shock (Unreleased Demo) (1:51) https://youtu.be/nre60lE_seg, Gorillaz - Stylo (Demo) (3:13) https://youtu.be/0Jms5-2ZqrM, Gorillaz- Plastic Beach- 18- Three Hearts, Seven Seas, Twelve Moons (2:15) https://youtu.be/rqWXDc12MMo, Gorillaz - Low Tides (demo) UNRELEASED DEMO!!!!!!!! (2:01) https://youtu.be/Qb7qtTEVIKw, Gorillaz - Rhinestone Eyes (Boemklatsch Remix) (5:32) https://youtu.be/pWB40umth5k, Gorillaz - Dirty Harry (Chopper Remix) (3:41) https://youtu.be/5OnFpiGeauw, Yeat ~ No morë talk (3:58), Yeat ~ Shmunk (3:49), Yeat ~ Bëttr 0ff (3:50), Yeat ~ Rav3 p4rty (3:18), Yeat ~ Nun id change (3:31), Yeat ~ Woa…! (2:50), Yeat ~ Now (4:32), Yeat ~ Slamm (2:25), Yeat ~ 7 nightz (3:04), Yeat ~ Mëan feen (3:12), Yeat ~ How it go (3:04), Yeat ~ Sum 2 do (2:32), Yeat ~ Back up (2:13), Yeat ~ Split (2:23), Yeat ~ Bad bënd / DëMON (3:02)


De La Soul ~ 3 Feet High and Rising (1:02:53), De La Soul ~ De La Soul is Dead (1:13:40) De La Soul ~ Stakes Is High (1:08:08)


Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (5:40), Beastie Boys ~ Eugene’s Lament (2:12), Death Grips ~ I’ve Seen Footage (3:22), Kendrick Lamar ~ good kid (3:34), C418 ~ Excuse (2:04), Kanye West ~ Siiiiiiiiiilver Surffffeeeeer Intermission (:56), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Definition Of A Rap Flow (Albee 3000) (3:29), Black Sabbath ~ Don’t Start (Too Late) (:49), Death Grips ~ Turned Off (4:37), Gorillaz ~ White Flag (3:43), Vince Staples ~ MHM (2:11), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), Thundercat ~ Captain Stupido (1:41), Public Enemy ~ Black Steel In The Hour Of Chaos (6:23), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Somebody’s Gotta Die (4:26), Fleetwood Mac ~ Don’t Stop (3:13), Rage Against the Machine ~ Born of a Broken Man (4:40), Madvillain ~ Rhinestone Cowboy (3:59), King Geedorah ~ No Snakes Alive (3:32), Nirvana ~ Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (4:51), MF DOOM ~ Deep Fried Frenz (4:59), J. Cole ~ 9 5 . s o u t h (3:16), JAY-Z ~ Renegade (5:37), Denzel Curry ~ PERCS | PERCZ (3:06), Eminem ~ Stan (6:44), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ 4th Dimension (2:33), Future ~ Blood On the Money (4:42), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), The Beatles ~ Michelle (2:42), Flying Lotus ~ Orbit 405 (:43), Kanye West ~ Facts (Charlie Heat Version) (3:20), Led Zeppelin ~ The Battle of Evermore (5:51), Rage Against the Machine ~ Fistful of Steel (5:31), Madvillain ~ Accordion (1:58), Michael Jackson ~ Thriller (5:57), The Weeknd ~ Too Late (4:00), Kanye West ~ Waves (3:01), Danny Brown ~ Hell For It (3:49), Megadeth ~ Rust In Peace…Polaris (5:44), Lil Yachty ~ paint THE sky (3:05), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Make It Out (3:06), Viktor Vaughn ~ Popsnot (4:39), Future ~ Where Ya At (3:28), Viktor Vaughn ~ Mr. Clean (2:13), Deltron 3030 ~ Mastermind (3:34), Thundercat ~ 3AM (1:15), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Method Man (5:50), Cuns, Benny The Butcher ~ Scarface vs. Sosa, Pt. 1 (3:32), Lil Yachty ~ the BLACK seminole. (6:51), Flying Lotus ~ Do The Astral Plane (3:57), Gorillaz ~ White Light (2:13), Kendrick Lamar ~ Kush & Corinthians (5:04), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), Kendrick Lamar ~ F*ck Your Ethnicity (3:44), Converge ~ Predatory Glow (3:25), Alice In Chains ~ Man in the Box (4:45), Black Sabbath ~ Under the Sun / Every Day Comes and Goes (5:50), The Weeknd ~ Alone Again (4:10), Death Grips ~ Bitch Please (2:56), Your Old Droog ~ Purple Rain Freestyle (Game, Blouses) (2:40), Fleetwood Mac ~ Never Going Back Again (2:14), Public Enemy ~ Party For Your Right To Fight (3:25), Eminem ~ Kill You (4:24), Kendrick Lamar ~ You Ain’t Gotta Lie (Momma Said) (4:01), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Tame Impala ~ Reality In Motion (4:12), Denzel Curry ~ SUPER SAIYAN SUPERMAN | ZUPER ZA1YAN ZUPERMAN (2:12), Black Sabbath ~ Hole In The Sky (3:59), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Gorillaz ~ Empire Ants (4:43), Rage Against the Machine ~ Vietnow (4:37), Led Zeppelin ~ Heartbreaker (4:14), Daft Punk ~ Short Circuit (3:26), Flying Lotus ~ MmmHmm (4:14), Kanye West ~ Fade (3:13), Flying Lotus ~ Orbit 405 (:43), Kendrick Lamar ~ Backseat Freestyle (3:32), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (Fatboy Slim Remix) (5:32), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:29), Kendrick Lamar ~ Poe Mans Dreams (His Vice) (4:21), Kendrick Lamar ~ Momma (4:43), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ I Won’t Stop (2:39)


KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ u (4:28), Madvillain ~ Do Not Fire! (:52), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Clap Your Hands (3:16), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), C418 ~ Dog (2:25), Metallica ~ Escape (4:23)

Thundercat ~ Jameel’s Space Ride (1:09), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Gorillaz ~ Rhinestone Eyes (3:20), Denzel Curry ~ Gook (2:46), Daft Punk ~ Aerodynamic (3:32), Denzel Curry ~ Mental (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (2:07), Kanye West ~ Roses (4:05), Beastie Boys ~ Putting Shame In Your Game (3:37), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47)


The Smiths ~ Strangeways, Here We Come (36:12)


DJ Shadow ~ Endtroducing…… (1:02:58), Fugazi ~ Repeater + 3 Songs (42:35)


Death Grips ~ Centuries Of Damn (5:32), Gorillaz ~ Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach (3:35), The Doors ~ Soul Kitchen (3:33), Metallica ~ Ride The Lightning (6:37), Nirvana ~ Very Ape (1:55), Kendrick Lamar ~ Backseat Freestyle (3:32), Beastie Boys ~ What Comes Around (3:07), Tame Impala ~ Eventually (5:18), Deltron 3030 ~ The Fantabulous Rap Extravaganza Part II (:37), Flying Lotus ~ Auntie’s Lock/Infinitum (2:44), Public Enemy ~ Welcome To The Terrordome (5:25), Eminem ~ So Far… (5:17), Gorillaz ~ Re-Hash (3:40), Kendrick Lamar ~ You Ain’t Gotta Lie (Momma Said) (4:01), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Led Zeppelin ~ Dazed and Confused (6:28), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Last Day (4:19), Flying Lotus ~ Testament (2:28), Daft Punk ~ One More Time (5:20), J Dilla ~ Workinonit (2:57), Mos Def ~ Rock N Roll (5:02), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Things Done Changed (3:58), Gorillaz ~ Silent Running (4:26), Future ~ Now (2:41), Future ~ Real Sisters (2:53), Low ~ Sunflower (4:39), Thundercat ~ Jameel’s Space Ride (1:09), Danny Brown ~ Adderall Admiral (1:43), Danny Brown ~ Detroit187 (3:05), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (3:03), Gorillaz ~ 19-2000 (3:30), Downstait ~ Kingdom (3:30), DOOM - Unexpected Guests  2009 (49:18) https://youtu.be/cochCPuA8X0


Television ~ Guiding Light (5:32), Travis Scott ~ Pray 4 Love (5:07), Danny Brown ~ Monopoly (2:44), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Tearz (4:17), Flying Lotus ~ Zodiac Shit (2:44), Low ~ Kind of Girl (3:30), Pusha T ~ Neck & Wrist (3:29), Thundercat ~ Jameel’s Space Ride (1:09), Radiohead ~ Videotape (4:39), Future ~ Freak Hoe (2:54), My Chemical Romance ~ Welcome to the Black Parade (5:11), Public Enemy ~ Fight The Power (4:42), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), Talking Heads ~ Who Is It? (1:44), Kanye West ~ Amazing (3:58), Jimi Hendrix ~ Little Miss Lover (2:21), Megadeth ~ Hangar 18 (5:11), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Lyrics to Go (4:09), Beastie Boys ~ The Move (3:35), Eminem ~ The Way I Am (4:50), Gorillaz ~ Silent Running (4:26), BROCKHAMPTON ~ BUMP (2:38), Beastie Boys ~ Stink Bug (2:01), Future ~ Thought It Was a Drought (4:25), Thundercat ~ Walk On Boy (3:19), Low ~ Whitetail (5:03), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Future ~ Rich $ex (4:00), Beastie Boys ~ Sneakin’ Out The Hospital (2:45), Flying Lotus ~ Brainfeeder (1:31), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Learn Truth (3:16), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Kick in the Door (4:46), Denzel Curry ~ Walkin (4:40), Lil Yachty ~ THE zone~ (4:09), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (2:50), Led Zeppelin ~ Moby Dick (4:20)


Gorillaz ~ The Tired Influencer (3:31), Pusha T ~ If You Know You Know (3:22), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), The Smiths ~ Unhappy Birthday (2:45), Daughters ~ Ocean Song (7:28), Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19), Nas ~ Life’s a Bitch (3:30), Converge ~ Cruel Bloom (4:01), Black Sabbath ~ Wheels of Confusion / The Straightener (7:47), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Madvillain ~ Meat Grinder (2:11), XXXTENTACION ~ Rebirth (2016) (2:34), Vince Staples ~ Norf Norf (3:03), BROCKHAMPTON ~ CASH (3:15), Gorillaz ~ Rock the House (4:09), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), J. Cole ~ i n t e r l u d e (2:13), Rage Against the Machine ~ Sleep Now In the Fire (3:25), JPEGMAFIA ~ Williamsburg (3:32), Megadeth ~ Rust In Peace…Polaris (5:44), Michael Jackson ~ The Lady in My Life (5:00), Television ~ Marquee Moon (10:38), Led Zeppelin ~ When the Levee Breaks (7:08), Kanye West ~ Addiction (4:27), The Beatles ~ I’m Only Sleeping (3:00), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six  (4:42), Daft Punk ~ One More Time (5:20), Rage Against the Machine ~ Tire Me (2:57), Denzel Curry ~ Angelz (3:51), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), Danny Brown ~ Get Hi (3:33), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), King Geedorah ~ I Wonder (3:38), Low ~ Dinosaur Act (4:13), Slipknot ~ 742617000027 (:36), JAY-Z ~ 22 Two’s (3:29), Flying Lotus ~ Parisian Goldfish (3:01), Beastie Boys ~ Dirty Dog (:46), Kanye West ~ No More Parties In LA (6:14), Jimi Hendrix ~ She’s So Fine (2:38), Eminem ~ Asshole (4:49), Nirvana ~ Rape Me (2:50), Eric B. & Rakim ~ Move The Crowd (3:47), Black Sabbath ~ Supertzar (3:43), Nirvana ~ All Apologies (3:53), JID ~ Frequency Change (:59), Gorillaz ~ Stylo (4:30), Led Zeppelin ~ I Can’t Quit You Baby (4:42), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (2:50), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Intro (3:23), Motörhead ~ (We Are) The Roadcrew (3:11), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs (Three Different Ones) (11:25), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Lean Beef Patty (1:47), Converge ~ Reap What You Sow (2:39), JAY-Z ~ Dead Presidents II (4:26), The Beatles ~ You Won’t See Me (3:19), Mos Def ~ Climb (4:02), Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (5:40), Danny Brown ~ EWNESW (2:23), The Doors ~ The Crystal Ship (2:32), Michael Jackson ~ Thriller (5:57), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Megadeth ~ Dawn Patrol (1:51), My Chemical Romance ~ Teenagers (2:41), Motörhead ~ Bite the Bullet (1:37), My Chemical Romance ~ The Sharpest Lives (3:20)


Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Corporate Ladder (2:45), JAY-Z ~ Hola’ Hovito (4:33), JID ~ Mounted Up (3:02), Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34), Jimi Hendrix ~ Bold as Love (4:11), Logic ~ Lightsabers (4:50), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Hypnotize (3:49), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12), Radiohead ~ Videotape (4:39), King Geedorah ~ One Smart Nigga (2:39), King Geedorah ~ The Fine Print (4:29), J Dilla ~ Lightworks (1:55), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), King Geedorah ~ The Final Hour (:49), C418 ~ Oxygène (1:05), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Beastie Boys ~ Sneakin’ Out The Hospital (2:45), King Geedorah ~ Anti-Matter (3:26), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK BALLOONS | 13LACK 13ALLOONZ (3:30), Pink Floyd ~ Wish You Were Here (5:34), Led Zeppelin ~ Stairway to Heaven (8:02)


Eminem ~ Headlights (5:43), Television ~ Venus (3:49), Jimi Hendrix ~ She’s So Fine (2:38), J Dilla ~ Mash (1:31), Alice In Chains ~ Love, Hate, Love (6:27), Public Enemy ~ Fight The Power (4:42), Beastie Boys ~ Stink Bug (2:01), Daughters ~ Daughter (4:55), My Chemical Romance ~ Blood (2:53), My Chemical Romance ~ Cancer (2:23), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Medical (3:07), Flying Lotus ~ Auntie’s Lock/Infinitum (2:44), Talking Heads ~ Uh-Oh, Love Comes to Town (2:49), Converge ~ Veins And Veils (2:32), Eminem ~ Love Game (4:56), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 03 | 05.28.2013. (2:34), Michael Jackson ~ Thriller (5:57), Eric B. & Rakim ~ I Know You Got Soul (4:44), Fleetwood Mac ~ I Don’t Want to Know (3:16), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Learn Truth (3:16), Denzel Curry ~ Ain’t No Way (4:24), Slipknot ~ Unsainted (4:20), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), Travis Scott ~ Impossible (4:02), Alice In Chains ~ Real Thing (4:05), Stalley ~ Head Trip (3:12), Travis Scott ~ Pray 4 Love (5:07), Death Grips ~ The Powers That B (5:32), C418 ~ Subwoofer Lullaby (3:28), Vince Staples ~ SUNDOWN TOWN (2:30), King Geedorah ~ Krazy World (4:43), Jimi Hendrix ~ Spanish Castle Magic (3:03), JID ~ Hot Box (4:51), Logic ~ Self Medication (5:15), Your Old Droog ~ The Hand Of YOD (2:36), Jimi Hendrix ~ If 6 Was 9 (5:34), Future ~ No Compadre (3:37), Flying Lotus ~ Nose Art (1:58), Pusha T ~ Neck & Wrist (3:29), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Make You Famous (4:07), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), Flying Lotus ~ Riot (4:02), Talking Heads ~ Pulled Up (4:28), Pusha T ~ I Pray For You (4:21), Slipknot ~ Liberate (3:04), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Just Playing (Dreams) (2:43), Rage Against the Machine ~ Voice of the Voiceless (2:31), Kanye West ~ Welcome To Heartbreak (4:22), Black Sabbath ~ Megalomania (9:41), Megadeth ~ Holy Wars…The Punishment Due (6:32), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), The Beatles ~ I Want To Tell You (2:27), Dr. Dre ~ The Watcher (Instrumental), Michael Jackson ~ P.Y.T. (3:59), Denzel Curry ~ The Ills (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (3:25), Rage Against the Machine ~ Down Rodeo (5:20), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sing About Me, I’m Dying Of Thirst (12:03), Talking Heads ~ The Book I Read (4:10), Travis Scott ~ Pornography (3:51), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Logic ~ Lightyear (8:19), Flying Lotus ~ Galaxy In Janaki (2:27), Gorillaz ~ Re-Hash (3:40), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Dr. Dre ~ Forgot About Dre (Instrumental) (3:49), Gorillaz ~ Superfast Jellyfish (3:49), Alice In Chains ~ Sunshine (4:45), Jimi Hendrix ~ Wait Until Tomorrow (3:02), The Beatles ~ What Goes On (2:48), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Kick in the Door (4:46), Nirvana ~ Dumb (2:31), Madvillain ~ Sickfit (1:21), JPEGMAFIA ~ My Thoughts On Neogaf Dying (1:33), Michael Jackson ~ Thriller (5:57), Beastie Boys ~ The Update (3:15), Kanye West ~ See You In My Nightmares (4:18), Your Old Droog ~ Toxic Love (2:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 08 | 09.06.2014. (3:55), Megadeth ~ Poison Was The Cure (2:56), Pusha T ~ If You Know You Know (3:22), MF DOOM ~ Kon Karne (2:51), Kanye West ~ Bad News (3:58), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1488 (2:24), Slipknot ~ Scissors (8:23), Eminem ~ Love Game (4:56), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rock N Roll Is Dead (3:08), Vince Staples ~ LIL FADE (2:12), Converge ~ Runaway (2:03), Alice In Chains ~ Put You Down (3:15), Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (5:40), J Dilla ~ Stop (1:39), Slipknot ~ Diluted (3:23), Mos Def ~ Hip Hop (3:16), Gorillaz ~ Some Kind of Nature (2:59), Kanye West ~ Drive Slow (4:32), Beastie Boys ~ Dirty Dog (:46), Gorillaz ~ Kids with Guns (3:45), Death Grips ~ The Powers That B (5:32), Eminem ~ Remember Me? (3:38), Death Grips ~ Hustle Bones (3:12), Black Sabbath ~ Snowblind (5:25), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), Kendrick Lamar ~ Rigamortus (2:48), Beastie Boys ~ Unite (3:31), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Flying Lotus ~ Nose Art (1:58), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:29), Your Old Droog ~ The Ballad Of Krutoy (2:59), Future ~ Blow a Bag (3:14), Eminem ~ Rhyme Or Reason (5:01), Vince Staples ~ Ramona Park Legend Pt. 1 (:36), BROCKHAMPTON ~ BOYS (4:38), MF DOOM ~ Kon Karne (2:51), Rage Against the Machine ~ People of the Sun (2:30), The Weeknd ~ Save Your Tears (3:35), Beastie Boys ~ Sabotage (2:58), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: Lay It On Me (:53), Flying Lotus ~ Camel (2:22), Tame Impala ~ Reality In Motion (4:12), Danny Brown ~ DNA (2:56), Daughters ~ The Reason They Hate Me (3:55), Death Grips ~ Guillotine (3:43), Alice In Chains ~ Confusion (5:44), Slipknot ~ Eeyore (2:47), Motörhead ~ Live to Win (3:36), Eminem ~ Who Knew (3:47), Kanye West ~ Gone (5:33), Beastie Boys ~ Shake Your Rump (3:18), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Legends Never Die (Daddy’s Halo) (3:21)


Beastie Boys ~ Piano Jam (1:51), Flying Lotus ~ Pickled! (2:13), Deltron 3030 ~ Time Keeps on Slipping (4:59), Fleetwood Mac ~ Don’t Stop (3:13), Madvillain ~ Money Folder (3:02), Vince Staples ~ TAKE ME HOME (2:46), Danny Brown ~ Bruiser Brigade (3:44), Gorillaz ~ Orchestral Intro (1:09), Converge ~ Damages (4:26), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), The Beatles ~ Love You To (2:59), Talking Heads ~ Psycho Killer (4:20), Black Sabbath ~ Symptom Of The Universe (6:29), Dr. Dre ~ Lolo (Intro)(Instrumental) (:41), Nirvana ~ Scentless Apprentice (3:48), The Smiths ~ Death of a Disco Dancer (5:26), The Doors ~ Twentieth Century Fox (2:31), The Doors ~ Alabama Song (Whisky Bar) (3:17), Travis Scott ~ Wasted (3:55), Gorillaz ~ Kids with Guns (3:45), The Smiths ~ A Rush and a Push and the Land Is Ours (3:03), The Smiths ~ Death at One’s Elbow (2:00), A Tribe Called Quest ~ The Chase, Part II (4:02), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Reborn (5:24), Beastie Boys ~ Sabrosa (3:29), Radiohead ~ Bodysnatchers (4:02), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1539 N. Calvert (2:37), Lil Yachty ~ running out of time (4:29), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bullet In the Head (5:07), My Chemical Romance ~ House of Wolves (3:04), J Dilla ~ The Diff’rence (1:52), Led Zeppelin ~ Good Times Bad Times (2:46), Danny Brown ~ XXX (1:50), Rage Against the Machine ~ Take the Power Back (5:35), Alice In Chains ~ Sea Of Sorrow (5:49), Beastie Boys ~ Body Movin’ (3:03)


Daft Punk ~ High Life (3:21), Danny Brown ~ Blunt After Blunt (3:25), Radiohead ~ 15 Step (3:57), Led Zeppelin ~ Four Sticks (4:45), Black Sabbath ~ Changes (4:42), Megadeth ~ My Creation (1:36), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ War Of Millionz (2:38), Black Sabbath ~ Megalomania (9:41), Pink Floyd ~ Dogs (17:05), Kendrick Lamar ~ Ronald Reagan Era (3:36), Nas ~ N.Y. State of Mind (4:54), Rage Against the Machine ~ Guerrilla Radio (3:26), The Smiths ~ A Rush and a Push and the Land Is Ours (3:03), The Doors ~ I Looked at You (2:20), Slipknot ~ What’s Next (:53), Gorillaz ~ Hongkongaton (3:35), Beastie Boys ~ Sure Shot (3:19), Slipknot ~ Solway Firth (5:55), Fleetwood Mac ~ Don’t Stop (3:13), Gorillaz ~ White Flag (3:43), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Hypnotize (3:49), Radiohead ~ Jigsaw Falling Into Place (4:08), Daft Punk ~ One More Time (5:20), Gorillaz ~ Aspen Forest (2:50), The Weeknd ~ Scared To Live (3:11), Daft Punk ~ Veridis Quo (5:45), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Bang Boogie (1:55), Kendrick Lamar ~ Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe (4:38), J. Cole ~ 1 0 0 m i l ‘ (2:43), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Gorillaz ~ Faust (3:51), Black Sabbath ~ Supernaut (4:30), King Geedorah ~ Monster Zero (5:15), Death Grips ~ Fuck That (2:24), Black Sabbath ~ Am I Going Insane (Radio) (4:16), Converge ~ Sadness Comes Home (3:12),  Death Grips ~ Lost Boys (3:06), Converge ~ Predatory Glow (3:25), The Beatles ~ The Word (2:43), JPEGMAFIA ~ Thug Tears (3:18), Beastie Boys ~ Super Disco Breakin’ (2:07), Deltron 3030 ~ Turbulence (Remix) (3:33), J Dilla ~ Hi. (1:16), Beastie Boys ~ Ricky’s Theme (3:43), Low ~ In Metal (4:20), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), J Dilla ~ Two Can Win (1:47), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Cuns, Benny The Butcher ~ The Ghost (2:48), Vince Staples ~ Jump Off The Roof (3:44), MF DOOM ~ Poo-Putt Platter (1:13), J. Cole ~ c l o s e (2:48), Beastie Boys ~ The Scoop (3:36), Led Zeppelin ~ Dazed and Confused (6:28), Nirvana ~ Serve The Servants (3:37), Denzel Curry ~ Mental (2:26), J. Cole ~ t h e . c l i m b . b a c k (5:06), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Ready to Die (4:24), Radiohead ~ House Of Cards (5:28), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Gorillaz ~ Last Living Souls (3:15), Travis Scott ~ Oh My Dis Side (5:51)


Rage Against the Machine ~ Killing In the Name (5:13), Deltron 3030 ~ The News (A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Microsoft Inc.) (:49), Pusha T ~ What Would Meek Do? (2:33), Slipknot ~ Me Inside (2:39), Public Enemy ~ Bring The Noise (3:46), Eminem ~ Kill You (4:24), JAY-Z ~ Heart Of The City (Ain’t No Love) (3:43), Madvillain ~ All Caps (2:10), Rage Against the Machine ~ Roll Right (4:20), Low ~ Medicine Magazines (4:33), C418 ~ Excuse (2:04), JAY-Z ~ Brooklyn’s Finest (4:35), My Chemical Romance ~ The Sharpest Lives (3:20), Dr. Dre ~ The Message (Instrumental) (5:07), Gorillaz ~ Empire Ants (4:43), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Tom Thum (3:12), Mos Def ~ Mr. Nigga (5:08), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), Vince Staples ~ SUNDOWN TOWN (2:30), The Weeknd ~ Hardest To Love (3:31), Kendrick Lamar ~ m.A.A.d city (5:50), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), JPEGMAFIA ~ Baby I’m Bleeding (2:32), Megadeth ~ Tornado Of Souls (5:19), Deltron 3030 ~ Love Story (3:26), My Chemical Romance ~ Famous Last Words (4:59), Gorillaz ~ Hip Albatross (2:43), Future ~ Rich $ex (4:00), Death Grips ~ Pss Pss (4:33), Gorillaz ~ Hollywood (4:53), Tame Impala ~ Yes I’m Changing (4:30), Future ~ Never Gon Lose (3:07), Eminem ~ Rap God (6:03), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), Converge ~ Effigy (1:42), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), Metallica ~ For Whom The Bell Tolls (5:10), Kanye West ~ Facts (Charlie Heat Version) (3:20), King Geedorah ~ I Wonder (3:38), Danny Brown ~ DNA (2:56), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ I Won’t Stop (2:39), Vince Staples ~ Señorita (3:08), JPEGMAFIA ~ Dayum (1:25), Converge ~ Trespasses (2:43), JPEGMAFIA ~ DD Form 214 (3:15), Beastie Boys ~ Sure Shot (3:19), Beastie Boys ~ Instant Death (3:19), Rage Against the Machine ~ Take the Power Back (5:35), The Beatles ~ Good Day Sunshine (2:09), XXXTENTACION ~ Rebirth (2016) (2:34), Pusha T ~ What Would Meek Do? (2:33), Slipknot ~ Me Inside (2:39), Public Enemy ~ Bring The Noise (3:46), JAY-Z ~ Heart Of The City (Ain’t No Love) (3:43), The Beatles ~ The Word (2:43), J. Cole ~ h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e (3:59), Led Zeppelin ~ Stairway to Heaven (8:02), Vince Staples ~ LAW OF AVERAGES (2:19), Black Sabbath ~ Cornucopia (3:51), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (Stanton Warriors) (7:24), Death Grips ~ I’ve Seen Footage (3:22), Madvillain ~ Figaro (2:25), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber - Part II (6:10), Lil Yachty ~ paint THE sky (3:05), C418 ~ Thirteen (2:56), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:07), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07)


JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ SCARING THE HOES (36:12)


Kendrick Lamar ~ To Pimp A Butterfly (1:18:52)


Mac Miller ~ Self Care (5:45), Tame Impala ~ ‘Cause I’m A Man (4:02), Thundercat ~ Rabbot Ho (:38), Alice In Chains ~ Bleed The Freak (4:02), Led Zeppelin ~ Living Loving Maid (She’s Just a Woman) (2:39), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), Motörhead ~ (We Are) The Roadcrew (3:11), The Smiths ~ Death of a Disco Dancer (5:26), Gorillaz ~ Fire Coming out of the Monkey’s Head (3:19), Beastie Boys ~ The Biz Grasshopper Experiment (1:13), The Weeknd ~ Heartless (3:18), Alice In Chains ~ It Ain’t Like That (4:37), Thundercat ~ Inferno (4:00), The Doors ~ Soul Kitchen (3:33), Gorillaz ~ Shy-town (2:54), Daughters ~ The Flammable Man (2:09), Talking Heads ~ Happy Day (3:56), Gorillaz ~ O Green World (4:35), Eminem ~ Stronger Than I Was (5:36), JPEGMAFIA ~ Baby I’m Bleeding (2:32), Public Enemy ~ Incident At 66.6 FM (Instrumental) (1:37), J Dilla ~ Geek Down (1:19), Radiohead ~ Weird Fishes/ Arpeggi (5:18), Thundercat ~ I Am Crazy (:25), Led Zeppelin ~ You Shook Me (6:28), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 02 | 06.23.2014. (4:18), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 07 | 2014 - 2016 (8:16), Denzel Curry ~ Melt Session #1 (4:01), C418 ~ Dog (2:25), Gorillaz, Space Monkeyz ~ Dub Ø9 (5:17), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe (Remix) (4:38), Logic ~ Paradise II (6:14), Slipknot ~ Liberate (3:04), BROCKHAMPTON ~ MILK (4:55), Gorillaz ~ Busted and Blue (4:37), Dr. Dre ~ What’s The Difference (Instrumental) (4:04), Gorillaz ~ Bobby in Phoenix (3:16), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Method Man (5:10), JPEGMAFIA ~ Curb Stomp (2:15), Nas ~ Represent (4:12), Thundercat ~ Friend Zone (3:12), Tame Impala ~ Eventually (5:18), Beastie Boys ~ What Comes Around (3:07), Gorillaz ~ Sorcererz (3:00), Death Grips ~ On GP (6:07), Beastie Boys ~ Auntie Jack Poom Poom Delicious (1:38), The Smiths ~ Stop Me If You Think You’ve Heard This One Before (3:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ F*ck Your Ethnicity (3:44), Migos ~ Slippery (5:04), Death Grips ~ Double Helix (2:40), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Protect Ya Neck (4:38), Thundercat ~ Uh Uh (2:16), Daft Punk ~ High Life (3:21), MF DOOM ~ Fig Leaf Bi-Carbonate (3:19), Death Grips ~ Double Helix (2:40), Migos ~ Kelly Price (6:03), The Beatles ~ I’m Looking Through You (2:26), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Gorillaz ~ Every Planet We Reach Is Dead (4:55), Gorillaz ~ Hong Kong (7:13), Kanye West ~ Saint Pablo (6:12), Gorillaz ~ Revolving Doors (3:26), Denzel Curry ~ This Life (3:27), J Dilla ~ The Diff’rence (1:32), Lil Yachty ~ THE zone~ (4:09), JAY-Z ~ Takeover (5:13), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), Led Zeppelin ~ Thank You (4:49), Eminem ~ Bad Guy (7:14), Deltron 3030 ~ Love Story (3:26), Gorillaz ~ Submission (3:21), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Still Runnin (2:53), Mac Miller ~ Conversation Pt. 1 (3:30), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), Mos Def ~ Ms. Fat Booty (3:42), Denzel Curry ~ Good Night (3:56), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56)


Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ How It Feels (2:46), Migos ~ All Ass (4:54), Converge ~ Fault and Fracture (3:05), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Bull Market (2:48), Your Old Droog ~ .500 (3:41), Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Thundercat ~ Lava Lamp (2:58), MF DOOM ~ Rapp Snitch Knishes (2:52), The Beatles ~ Good Day Sunshine (2:09), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), Your Old Droog ~ Purple Rain Freestyle (Game, Blouses) (2:40), The Beatles ~ Love You To (4:59), Eminem ~ Kill You (4:24), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Up The Side (3:38), The Beatles ~ Eleanor Rigby (2:06), Kendrick Lamar ~ The Blacker The Berry (5:28), JPEGMAFIA ~ DD Form 214 (3:15), The Doors ~ End of the Night (2:50), Tame Impala ~ New Person, Same Old Mistakes (6:03), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22), Led Zeppelin ~ Heartbreaker (4:14), Logic ~ Come on Down (2:41), Gorillaz ~ Tormenta (3:13)


Daughters ~ The Lords Song (2:45), Rage Against the Machine ~ Maria (3:48), Death Grips ~ System Blower (3:48), Eminem ~ Berzerk (3:58), Mos Def ~ Do It Now (3:49), Thundercat ~ Uh Uh (2:16), Rage Against the Machine ~ Sleep Now In the Fire (3:25), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), The Beatles ~ Girl (2:31), Slipknot ~ Death Because of Death (1:20), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Reborn (5:24), Jimi Hendrix ~ Ain’t No Telling (1:48), JPEGMAFIA ~ Whole Foods (2:04), Pusha T ~ Scrape It Off (2:32), Mos Def ~ Rock N Roll (5:20), C418 ~ Excuse (2:04), Travis Scott ~ Nightcrawler (5:21), Pusha T ~ I Pray For You (4:21), Mos Def ~ Habitat (4:39), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Denzel Curry ~ X-Wing (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (3:06), My Chemical Romance ~ House of Wolves (3:04), JPEGMAFIA ~ Macaulay Culkin (1:57), Your Old Droog ~ The Simpsons (2:22), Beastie Boys ~ Stink Bug (2:01), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), C418 ~ Chris (1:27), Pink Floyd ~ Welcome to the Machine (7:31), Beastie Boys ~ Bodhisattva Vow (3:08), Led Zeppelin ~ Dazed and Confused (6:28), Future ~ Lil One (3:28), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), Kanye West ~ Frank’s Track (:38), Mos Def ~ Brooklyn (5:09), Travis Scott ~ Antidote (4:22), Low ~ In Metal (4:20), Denzel Curry ~ The Last (4:22), Flying Lotus ~ GNG BNG (3:38), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), Slipknot ~ Spit It Out (2:39), Kendrick Lamar ~ Money Trees (6:26), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Death Grips ~ Hustle Bones (3:12), Mos Def ~ Rock N Roll


Death Grips ~ Centuries Of Damn (5:32), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Your Old Droog ~ I Knew You Was A Bitch (4:03), Pusha T ~ Neck & Wrist (3:29), Eminem ~ Rap God (6:03), JAY-Z ~ Izzo (H.O.V.A.), Rage Against the Machine ~ Wind Below (5:50), JPEGMAFIA ~ I Cannot Fucking Wait Til Morrissey Dies (1:26), Wu-Tang Clan ~ C.R.E.A.M. (Cash Rules Everything Around Me) (4:12), Denzel Curry ~ SUMO | ZUMO (3:47), Kanye West ~ Late (3:50)
April


Led Zeppelin ~ Misty Mountain Hop (4:38), Kendrick Lamar ~ No Make-Up (Her Vice) (3:55), C418 ~ Wet Hands (1:30), J. Cole ~ i n t e r l u d e (2:13), Nas ~ Halftime (4:20), Alice In Chains ~ Sea Of Sorrow (5:49), Denzel Curry ~ This Life (3:27), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (2:50), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Me and My Bitch (4:00), Denzel Curry ~ SWITCH IT UP | ZWITCH 1T UP (2:55), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), Converge ~ Homewrecker (3:51), Black Sabbath ~ Hole In The Sky(3:59), Dr. Dre ~ Murder Ink (Instrumental) (2:39), Radiohead ~ Bodysnatchers (4:02), Kanye West ~ Addiction (4:27), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ The What (3:57), Beastie Boys ~ Putting Shame In Your Game (Prunes Remix) (4:26), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Protect Ya Neck (4:38), Gorillaz ~ Highway (Under Construction) (4:17), Motörhead ~ Ace of Spades (2:46), Gorillaz ~ Empire Ants (4:43), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), King Geedorah ~ I Wonder (3:38), My Chemical Romance ~ Mama (4:39), JID ~ 151 Rum (2:36), The Weeknd ~ Blinding Lights (3:20), Kendrick Lamar ~ i (5:36), Led Zeppelin ~ Trampled Under Foot (5:35), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), J Dilla ~ The Diff’rence (1:52), Your Old Droog, Tha God Fahim ~ Wall St With Briefcase (3:40), The Beatles ~ If I Needed Someone (2:22), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK BALLOONS | 13LACK 13ALLOONZ (3:30), The Beatles ~ Good Day Sunshine (2:09), Eminem ~ Evil Twin (Skit) (7:33), J Dilla ~ Airworks (1:44), Public Enemy ~ Leave This Off Your Fu*Kin Chart (Instrumental) (2:31), Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (4:29), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 03 | 05.28.2013 (2:34), Kanye West ~ Real Friends (4:11), Flying Lotus ~ Orbit 405 (:43), Flying Lotus ~ Pickled! (2:13), BROCKHAMPTON ~ GOLD (4:26), My Chemical Romance ~ Dead! (3:15), Danny Brown ~ Blunt After Blunt (3:25), Jimi Hendrix ~ You Got Me Floatin’ (2:48), Denzel Curry ~ Zatoichi (3:30), Alice In Chains ~ Sunshine (4:45), Vince Staples ~ TAKE ME HOME (2:46)


Metro Boomin ~ HEROES & VILLAINS (Heroes Version) (instrumentals only) (47:56), Madvillain ~ The Illest Villains (1:55), Thundercat ~ Lava Lamp (2:58), Danny Brown ~ Hell For It (3:49), Led Zeppelin ~ When the Levee Breaks (7:08), Gorillaz ~ Man Research (Clapper) (4:32), Converge ~ On My Shield (4:14), Led Zeppelin ~ Black Dog (4:55), Mos Def ~ Mathematics (4:06), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Life After Death (Intro) (1:39), Dr. Dre ~ The Next Episode (Instrumental) (2:41), JPEGMAFIA ~ Macaulay Culkin (1:57), Slipknot ~ The Heretic Anthem (4:14)


Nirvana ~ Serve The Servants (3:37), Future ~ Colossal (3:03), Public Enemy ~ Final Count Of The Collision Between Us And The Damned (Instrumental) (:48), Denzel Curry ~ X-Wing (2:56), Black Sabbath ~ Symptom Of The Universe (6:29), Gorillaz ~ The Sounder (4:29), King Geedorah ~ Anti-Matter (3:26), Eminem ~ Bitch Please II (4:48), Death Grips ~ Get Got (2:51), Black Sabbath ~ Snowblind (5:25), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Gorillaz ~ Rhinestone Eyes (3:20), Kanye West ~ Heartless (3:31), JAY-Z ~ Girls, Girls, Girls (4:35), Flying Lotus ~ SexSlaveShip (2:14), Gorillaz ~ DARE (4:05), Black Sabbath ~ FX (1:39), Your Old Droog ~ The Tonight Show (2:43), J Dilla ~ Bye. (1:27), Beastie Boys ~ Futterman’s Rule (3:42), The Smiths ~ I Won’t Share You (2:53), Rage Against the Machine ~ Revolver (5:27), Gorillaz ~ We Got the Power (2:19), Talking Heads ~ First Week / Last Week….Carefree (3:21), Migos ~ Culture (2:33), Eminem ~ Who Knew (3:47), Gorillaz ~ Latin Simone (3:38), Mac Miller ~ 2009 (5:48), J Dilla ~ Thunder (:54), Gorillaz ~ Stylo (4:30), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Cudi Montage (3:17), Converge ~ Coral Blue (4:48), Led Zeppelin ~ Houses of the Holy (4:02), J Dilla ~ One For Ghost (1:18), Eminem ~ Public Service Announcement 2000 (:25), Migos ~ Big On Big (4:50), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), Flying Lotus ~ Rickshaw (1:41), Nas ~ The World Is Yours (4:50), J Dilla ~ Dilla Says Go (1:16), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alright (3:39), BROCKHAMPTON ~ FACE (4:19), Gorillaz ~ Left Hand Suzuki Method (3:12), Megadeth ~ My Creation (1:36), Mos Def ~ Speed Law (4:16), Gorillaz ~ Stop the Dams (5:39), Beastie Boys ~ Putting Shame In Your Game (Prunes Remix) (4:26), Led Zeppelin ~ What Is and What Should Never Be (4:46), MF DOOM ~ Fig Leaf Bi-Carbonate (3:19), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), Slipknot ~ I Am Hated (2:37), Slipknot ~ A Liar’s Funeral (5:27), Beastie Boys ~ 5-Piece Chicken Dinner (:23), Your Old Droog ~ The Unknown Comic (2:05), Kanye West ~ Love Lockdown (4:30), JPEGMAFIA ~ Thug Tears (3:18), Beastie Boys ~ Looking Down The Barrel Of A Gun (3:28), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Protect Ya Neck (4:51), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Just Playing (Dreams) (2:43), Alice In Chains ~ Put You Down (3:15), Death Grips ~ Punk Weight (3:24), Rage Against the Machine ~ Maria (3:48), Jimi Hendrix ~ Wait Until Tomorrow (3:02), Denzel Curry ~ Larger Than Life (3:24), Jimi Hendrix ~ Castles Made of Sand (2:48)


Led Zeppelin ~ Ramble On (4:34), Denzel Curry ~ Zatoichi (3:30), Flying Lotus ~ Brainfeeder (1:31), Led Zeppelin ~ Thank You (4:49), Danny Brown ~ Detroit187 (3:05), Rage Against the Machine ~ Settle for Nothing (4:47), Slipknot ~ Death Because of Death (1:20), My Chemical Romance ~ I Don’t Love You (3:58), Kendrick Lamar ~ Institutionalized (4:31), Eminem ~ Just Don’t Give (Edit) (3:50), Beastie Boys ~ Putting Shame In Your Game (3:37), The Weeknd ~ After Hours (6:01), Death Grips ~ Fuck That (2:24), Converge ~ Jane Doe (11:34), Talking Heads ~ Tentative Decisions (3:08), Metallica ~ For Whom The Bell Tolls (5:10), Alice In Chains ~ Sunshine (4:45), Eminem ~ The Monster (4:10), JID ~ Off Da Zoinkys (3:28), Alice In Chains ~ Bleed The Freak (4:02), Dr. Dre ~ Bar One (Instrumental) (:51), Mos Def ~ May-December (3:28), Beastie Boys ~ Egg Man (2:57), J Dilla ~ Thunder (:54), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), Rage Against the Machine ~ Settle for Nothing (4:47), Michael Jackson ~ Billie Jean (4:54), J. Cole ~ a m a r i (2:28), Beastie Boys ~ The Sounds Of Science (3:11), Kendrick Lamar ~ Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe (Remix) (4:38), JPEGMAFIA ~ Germs (2:41), Downstait ~ Kingdom (3:30), Eminem ~ Bad Guy (7:14), Radiohead ~ Bodysnatchers (4:02), Rage Against the Machine ~ Snakecharmer (3:55), JPEGMAFIA ~ Panic Emoji (3:30), Gorillaz ~ M1 A1 (4:01), Rage Against the Machine ~ Down Rodeo (5:20), Flying Lotus ~ Interference (2:48), JAY-Z ~ Lyrical Exercise (3:46), Pink Floyd ~ Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Pts. 1-5) (13:31), Eminem ~ Who Knew (3:47), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Lying (3:02), Megadeth ~ Holy Wars…The Punishment Due (6:32), Slipknot ~ Eeyore (2:47), Madvillain ~ Money Folder (3:02), Michael Jackson ~ The Girl Is Mine (3:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ Tammy’s Song (Her Evils) (2:41), Eric B. & Rakim ~ As The Rhyme Goes On (4:00),   R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Sam Peckinpah (3:18), Travis Scott ~ Pornography (3:51), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rock N Roll Is Dead (3:08), Converge ~ Heaven in Her Arms (4:00), Pusha T ~ Brambleton (2:50), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Flying Lotus ~ Orbit 405 (:43), Flying Lotus ~ …And The World Laughs With You (2:55), Gorillaz ~ Souk Eye (4:34), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Rich Off Pain (3:55), Beastie Boys ~ Three MC’s And One DJ (2:50), Kendrick Lamar ~ Opposites Attract (Tomorrow W/O Her) (4:31), Gorillaz ~ DARE (4:05), Converge ~ Worms Will Feed / Rats Will Feast (5:52), Public Enemy ~ Don’t Believe The Hype (5:19), Black Sabbath ~ Changes (4:42), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (Stanton Warriors Remix) (7:24), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), J Dilla ~ One Eleven (1:11), The Beatles ~ Love You To (2:59), Kanye West ~ Frank’s Track (:38), Converge ~ Bitter and Then Some (1:27), Public Enemy ~ Who Stole The Soul? (3:49), Denzel Curry ~ The Last (4:22), Led Zeppelin ~ Custard Pie (4:13), Pusha T ~ I Pray For You (4:21), Slipknot ~ Unsainted (4:20), The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), Gorillaz ~ Feel Good Inc. (3:42), Vince Staples ~ Lift Me Up (4:31), Pink Floyd ~ Welcome to the Machine (7:31), Mos Def ~ Brooklyn (5:09), C418 ~ Door (1:51), The Doors ~ I Looked at You (2:20), Converge ~ The Broken Vow (2:13), My Chemical Romance ~ Dead! (3:15), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Learn Truth (3:16), Thundercat ~ Where I’m Going (2:09), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Award Tour (3:46), The Beatles ~ Yellow Submarine (2:38), JPEGMAFIA ~ Curb Stomp (2:15), Eminem ~ Parking Lot (Skit) (:55), Michael Jackson ~ Human Nature (4:06), Slipknot ~ Everything Ends (4:14), Beastie Boys ~ Ask For Janice (:11), Future ~ Now (3:47), Alice In Chains ~ I Know Somethin (Bout You) (4:22), J Dilla ~ The Diff’rence (1:52), King Geedorah ~ Next Levels (3:49), Vince Staples ~ THE APPLE & THE TREE (1:08), Migos ~ Big On Big (4:50), Fleetwood Mac ~ The Chain (4:29), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Electric Relaxation (4:03), Tame Impala ~ Nangs (1:47), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Kingdom Hearts Key (3:25), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1539 N. Calvert (2:37), Future ~ Purple Comin In (3:15), The Beatles ~ Tomorrow Never Knows (2:57), Mos Def ~ Rock N Roll (5:02), J Dilla ~ Thunder (:54), Madvillain ~ Rainbows (2:51), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), Tame Impala ~ Disciples (1:48), Low ~ Like a Forest (2:27), Danny Brown ~ Bruiser Brigade (3:44), Megadeth ~ Dawn Patrol (1:51), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Denzel Curry ~ If Tomorrow’s Not Here (5:35), JAY-Z ~ Jigga That Nigga (3:24), Beastie Boys ~ Happy To Be In That Perfect Headspace (:49), Daft Punk ~ Superheroes (3:57), Public Enemy ~ War At 33 1/3 (2:07), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Medical (3:07), Slipknot ~ Spiders (4:03), King Geedorah ~ No Snakes Alive (3:32), Metallica ~ For Whom The Bell Tolls (5:10), Michael Jackson ~ Wanna Be Startin’ Somethin’ (6:03), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Lying (3:02), Gorillaz ~ On Melancholy Hill (3:53), Denzel Curry ~ Angelz (3:51), Gorillaz ~ November Has Come (2:45), C418 ~ Door (1:51), Public Enemy ~ Bring The Noise (3:46), J Dilla ~ Waves (1:38), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), Rage Against the Machine ~ Take the Power Back (5:35), Kendrick Lamar ~ Alien Girl (Today W/ Her) (4:00), Mos Def ~ Ms. Fat Booty (3:42), Public Enemy ~ Cold Lampin’ With Flavor (4:17), Converge ~ Distance and Meaning (4:17), Gorillaz ~ Tarantula (3:31), Flying Lotus ~ Computer Face//Pure Being (2:32), The Beatles ~ Good Day Sunshine (2:09), Flying Lotus ~ Nose Art (1:58), Danny Brown ~ Tell Me What I Don’t Know (2:32), Logic ~ Clone Wars III (3:45), Flying Lotus ~ Drips//Auntie’s Harp (2:10), Slipknot ~ Everything Ends (4:14), Gorillaz ~ Andromeda (3:17), Slipknot ~ The Shape (3:37), JBY NAS ~ Boom (2:37), Vince Staples ~ Lift Me Up (4:31), Black Sabbath ~ Supernaut (4:30), Thundercat ~ Drink Dat (3:35), Thundercat ~ Captain Stupido (1:41), Danny Brown ~ Ain’t it Funny (2:57), Beastie Boys ~ Root Down (3:32), Your Old Droog ~ The Man On The Moon (1:47), MF DOOM ~ Beef Rap (4:39), Viktor Vaughn ~ Open Mic Nite, Pt. 1 (4:09), Rage Against the Machine ~ Testify (3:30), Converge ~ Wretched World (7:10), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Hats Off (4:17), Gorillaz ~ 5/4 (2:42), Lil Yachty ~ The Alechmist. (2:56), Denzel Curry ~ VENGEANCE | VENGEANCE (4:00), Danny Brown ~ Pneumonia (3:39), Viktor Vaughn ~ Raedawn (3:00), Rage Against the Machine ~ Wake Up (6:04), Viktor Vaughn ~ Popsnot (4:39), Beastie Boys ~ Flowin’ Prose (2:39), J Dilla ~ Geek Down (1:19), MF DOOM ~ Fillet-O-Rapper (1:03), The Doors ~ Alabama Song (Whisky Bar) (3:17), The Doors ~ End of the Night (2:25), Alice In Chains ~ I Can’t Remember (3:42)


Sadat X ~ Wild Cowboys (1:04:00), Sadat X ~ Love, Hell or Right (51:20), Kendrick Lamar ~ Backseat Freestyle (3:32), Mos Def ~ Love (4:23), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ Bells Of DOOM (2:32), Dr. Dre ~ Ackrite (Instrumental) (3:25), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Fentanyl Tester (2:37), Viktor Vaughn ~ Mr. Clean (2:13), Gorillaz ~ Latin Simone (Que Pasa Contigo) (3:38), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Beastie Boys ~ The Grasshopper Unit (Keep Movin’) (3:01), Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19), Eric B. & Rakim ~ Paid In Full (3:48), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Feel The Love (2:45), JAY-Z ~ Can’t Knock The Hustle (5:17), Motörhead ~ Ace of Spades (2:46), Denzel Curry ~ Story: No Title (2:48), Deltron 3030 ~ Positive Contact (4:42), Death Grips ~ Punk Weight (3:24), Vince Staples ~ Lemme Know (3:42), J. Cole ~ h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e (3:59), Madvillain ~ Meat Grinder (2:11), C418 ~ Moog City (2:40), Mos Def ~ Hip Hop (3:16), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), Rage Against the Machine ~ Tire Me (2:57), Converge ~ Concubine (1:19), Beastie Boys ~ Putting Shame In Your Game (3:37), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), Rage Against the Machine ~ Revolver (5:27)


Death Grips ~ Hacker (4:35), Beastie Boys ~ Peanut Butter And Jelly (2:14), Slipknot ~ Critical Darling (6:25), Beastie Boys ~ The Update (3:15), Gorillaz ~ Possession Island (3:26), Kendrick Lamar ~ R.O.T.C. (Interlude) (2:43), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rock N Roll Is Dead (3:08), Pusha T ~ Open Air (2:12), JPEGMAFIA ~ Rainbow Six (4:42), Flying Lotus ~ Orbit 405 (:43), Sadat X ~ Follow da Money (3:00)


The Beatles ~ Taxman (2:38), Gorillaz ~ Revolving Doors (3:26), Denzel Curry ~ ULT (4:07), JID ~ Despacito Too (4:14), Vince Staples ~ ARE YOU WITH THAT? (2:18), Television ~ See No Evil (3:52), The Beatles ~ Doctor Robert (2:14), Travis Scott ~ Pray 4 Love (5:07), Kanye West ~ Coldest Winter (2:44), Stalley ~ Bad Ass Kidz (4:27), Sadat X ~ G Lanes (2:31), Rage Against the Machine ~ Settle for Nothing (4:47), Led Zeppelin ~ The Battle of Evermore (5:51), A Tribe Called Quest ~ Oh My God (3:28), Deltron 3030 ~ Virus (4:26), Death Grips ~ Blackjack (2:22),  Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ That’s Facts (3:38), Gorillaz ~ Momentz (3:16), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sing About Me, I’m Dying Of Thirst (12:03), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ The Dangerous Three (3:58), J. Cole ~ p r i d e . i s . t h e . d e v i l (3:38), JPEGMAFIA ~ Thug Tears (3:18), Flying Lotus ~ RobertaFlack (3:07), Danny Brown ~ Witit (2:43), Beastie Boys ~ Switched On (1:35), Gorillaz ~ 19-2000 (The Wiseguys House of Wisdom Remix) (7:15), Eminem ~ Remember Me? (3:38), Sadat X ~ The Location (3:04), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 06 | 06.30.2014. (3:28), Tame Impala ~ ‘Cause I’m A Man (4:02), Nirvana ~ Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (4:51), JAY-Z ~ Bring It On (5:01), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bombtrack (4:03), J. Cole ~ a p p l y i n g  . p r e s s u r e (2:57), Gorillaz ~ El Mañana (3:56), The Notorious B.I.G ~ Niggas Bleed (4:51), Flying Lotus ~ …And The World Laughs With You (2:55), Danny Brown ~ DNA (2:56), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1488 (2:28), Gorillaz ~ 68 State (4:48), Beastie Boys ~ Bobo On The Corner (1:13), Converge ~ Cutter (1:40), JPEGMAFIA ~ DD Form 214 (3:15), Converge ~ Trespasses (2:43), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Up The Side (3:38), Eminem ~ Rhyme Or Reason (5:01), Slipknot ~ My Plague (3:40), Gorillaz ~ Spitting out the Demons (5:10), Dr. Dre ~ Forgot About Dre (Instrumental) (3:49), Danny Brown ~ Today (3:07), Viktor Vaughn ~ Saliva (2:28), Death Grips ~ Turned Off (4:37), Kendrick Lamar ~ Blow My High (Members Only) (3:35), Mos Def ~ Know That (4:03), Madvillain ~ Supervillain Theme (:52), Kendrick Lamar ~ Growing Apart (To Get Closer) (3:41), Metallica ~ Ride The Lightning (6:37), Megadeth ~ Take No Prisoners (3:27), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Orange Juice Jones (2:21), Deltron 3030 ~ Things You Can Do (4:59), Kanye West ~ Gold Digger  (3:27), Led Zeppelin ~ Babe I’m Gonna Leave You (6:42), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Shuko Outro (:32), Viktor Vaughn ~ Never Dead (3:27), Deltron 3030 ~ New Coke (:41), Denzel Curry ~ Good Night (3:56), JPEGMAFIA ~ DJ Snitch Bitch Interlude (1:23), Gorillaz ~ Idaho (3:56), The Beatles ~ In My Life (2:26), Denzel Curry ~ Angelz (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (3:20), MF DOOM, The Prof. ~ My Favorite Ladies (2:46), The Beatles ~ What Goes On (2:48), Rage Against the Machine ~ Vietnow (4:37), Slipknot ~ Nero Forte (5:15), Talking Heads ~ Happy Day (3:56), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ The People’s Champ (3:53), C418 ~ Cat (3:06), Pusha T ~ Scrape It Off (2:32), Gorillaz ~ We Are Happy Landfill (3:39), Sadat X ~ Plan of Attack (2:39), The Weeknd ~ Faith (4:43), Gorillaz ~ Broken (3:17), BROCKHAMPTON ~ 2PAC (1:02), Logic ~ 38.9897 °N, 76.9378 °W (4:16), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), Fleetwood Mac ~ The Chain (4:29), Gorillaz ~ Tarantula (3:31), Flying Lotus ~ Melt! (1:45), The Beatles ~ Eleanor Rigby (2:06), My Chemical Romance ~ The End. (1:52), My Chemical Romance ~ Dead! (3:15), Future ~ Stick Talk (2:51), J Dilla ~ Light It (:35), Pink Floyd ~ Pigs on the Wing 2 (1:26), Slipknot ~ Metabolic (3:59), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (Colleone & Webb Remix) (3:54), Gorillaz ~ Humility (3:17), Kanye West ~ Paranoid (4:37), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Kendrick Lamar ~ P&P 1.5 (6:01), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), Gorillaz ~ Left Hand Suzuki Method (3:12), Public Enemy ~ She Watch Channel Zero?! (3:49), Converge ~ Effigy (1:42), Kendrick Lamar ~ Momma (4:43)


J. Cole ~ a m a r i (2:28), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), Gorillaz ~ The Snake in Dallas (2:11), Slipknot ~ People = Shit (3:35), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Make You Famous (4:07), JPEGMAFIA ~ Libtard Anthem (1:20), JPEGMAFIA ~ I Cannot Fucking Wait Til Morrisey Dies (1:26), Slipknot ~ (sic) (3:19), Thundercat ~ Show You The Way (3:34), Radiohead ~ Jigsaw Falling Into Place (4:08), Danny Brown ~ Fields (2:33), Slipknot ~ Scissors (8:23), Vince Staples ~ Lift Me Up (4:31), Migos ~ T-Shirt (4:02), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter’s Daughter (4:33), Gorillaz ~ Bobby in Phoenix (3:16), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Beastie Boys ~ Super Disco Breakin’ (2:07), Converge ~ All We Love We Leave Behind (4:07), JPEGMAFIA ~ DJ Snitch Bitch Interlude (1:23), Gorillaz, Space Monkeyz ~ Mutant Genius (5:02), Future ~ Rotation (2:47), Dr. Dre ~ Big Ego’s (Instrumental) (3:29), The Beatles ~ Girl (2:31), Beastie Boys ~ Just A Test (2:12), Deltron 3030 ~ The Assman 640 Speaks (:33), Death Grips ~ Full Moon (Death Classic) (3:49), JPEGMAFIA ~ 1488 (2:28), Flying Lotus ~ Pickled! (2:13), Daughters ~ Satan in the Wait (7:06), C418 ~ Cat (3:06), Eric B. & Rakim ~ Move The Crowd (3:47), Slipknot ~ My Pain (6:48), Danny Brown ~ Goldust (2:24), Gorillaz ~ The Joplin Spider (3:22), Beastie Boys ~ Intergalactic (Colleone & Webb Remix) (3:54), Denzel Curry ~ Worst Comes To Worst (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (2:41), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Kendrick Lamar ~ You Ain’t Gotta Lie (Momma Said) (4:01), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Last Day (4:19), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: A Year And A Day (2:21), Radiohead ~ 15 Step (3:57)


JBY NAS ~ Boom (2:37), Kendrick Lamar ~ King Kunta (3:54), Rage Against the Machine ~ Snakecharmer (3:55), Daughters ~ The Lords Song (2:45), Death Grips ~ I Break Mirrors With My Face In The United States (2:40), Rage Against the Machine ~ Bullet In the Head (5:07), Slipknot ~ Wait and Bleed (2:27), Kendrick Lamar ~ Poetic Justice (5:00), Converge ~ Phoenix in Flames (:42), Gorillaz ~ Charger (3:34), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ What’s Beef? (5:15), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ Hats Off (4:17), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ 2040 (3:12), J Dilla ~ One Eleven (1:11), Kendrick Lamar ~ Money Trees (6:26), JPEGMAFIA ~ I Cannot Fucking Wait Til Morrissey Dies (1:26), Gorillaz ~ Demon Days (4:28), Kendrick Lamar ~ i (5:36), Denzel Curry ~ X-Wing (2:56), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Da Mystery of Chessboxin’ (4:47), Gorillaz ~ Plastic Beach (3:47)


Gorillaz ~ Detroit (2:03), C418 ~ Death (:41), Denzel Curry ~ SUMO | ZUMO (3:47)


Madvillain ~ Eye (1:57)


Gorillaz ~ New Genius (Brother) (4:00), Phineas, Sherman ~ Ain’t Got Rhythm (2:15), Future ~ Rich $ex (4:00), Gorillaz ~ Revolving Doors (3:26), MF DOOM ~ Hoe Cakes (3:54), Denzel Curry ~ ULT (4:07), Tame Impala ~ The Moment (4:15), Lil Baby, Lil Durk ~ How It Feels (2:46), Beastie Boys ~ Egg Man (2:57)


JBY NAS ~ Doja Cat (2:17)

May


Nine Inch Nails ~ The Downward Spiral (1:05:02), KAYTRAMINÉ ~ KAYTRAMINÉ (33:41), A$AP Rocky ~ LIVE.LOVE.A$AP (49:06)

JPEGMAFIA ~ Libtard Anthem (1:20), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Just Playing (Dreams) (2:43), Pusha T ~ Brambleton (2:50), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Migos ~ Bad and Boujee (5:43), JAY-Z ~ Song Cry (5:02), KAYTRAMINÉ ~ letstalkaboutit (2:47), Nirvana ~ Heart-Shaped Box (4:41), JPEGMAFIA ~ I Cannot Fucking Wait Til Morrissey Dies (1:26), Alice In Chains ~ Bleed The Freak (4:02), Lil Yachty ~ sHouLd i B? (2:48) R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Sam Peckinpah (3:18), Daft Punk ~ Superheroes (3:57), Tame Impala ~ Yes I’m Changing (4:30), Denzel Curry ~ BLACK METAL TERRORIST | 13 M T (2:41), Thundercat ~ Where I’m Going (2:09), Black Sabbath ~ Supertzar (3:43), RATM ~ Tire Me (2:57), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Who Shot Ya? (5:19), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Shoot Me In The Head (3:54), Nirvana ~ Scentless Apprentice (3:48), Kendrick Lamar ~ untitled 03 | 05.28.2013. (2:34), Led Zeppelin ~ Four Sticks (4:45), Slipknot ~ Red Flag (4:11), Converge ~ Trespasses (2:43), Gorillaz ~ Silent Running (4:26), Daughters ~ Long Road, No Turns (5:04), Denzel Curry ~ Sanjuro (2:07), Flying Lotus ~ Interference (2:48)

June


Public Enemy ~ It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back (57:51)


Baby Keem, Kendrick Lamar ~ The Hillbillies (3:24), Future ~ Stick Talk (2:51), Rage Against the Machine ~ Born As Ghosts (3:22), A Tribe Called Quest ~ 8 Million Stories (4:20), Led Zeppelin ~ Ramble On (4:34), Jimi Hendrix ~ Spanish Castle Magic (3:03), Nirvana ~ Tourette’s (1:35), JAY-Z ~ Hola’ Hovito (4:33), Kendrick Lamar ~ How Much A Dollar Cost (4:21), KIDS SEE GHOSTS ~ Freeee (Ghost Town Pt. 2) (3:26), Eminem ~ My Dad’s Gone Crazy (4:26), Eminem ~ The Way I Am (4:50), Travis Scott ~ Piss On Your Grave (2:46), Death Grips ~ Full Moon (Death Classic) (3:49), JID ~ Just Da Other Day (3:49), Radiohead ~ Bodysnatchers (4:02), Alice In Chains ~ Confusion (5:44), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Run The Jewels (1:04), Lil Yachty ~ the ride- (3:10), Eric B. & Rakim ~ Eric B. Is President (6:18)


A$AP Rocky ~ Palace (2:43), Daft Punk ~ Short Circuit (3:26), Eminem ~ Who Knew (3:47), Kanye West ~ RoboCop (4:34), A$AP Rocky ~ Brand New Guy (4:48), King Geedorah ~ The Final Hour (:49), Television ~ Friction (4:43), Kendrick Lamar ~ Ronald Reagan Era (3:36), Slipknot ~ Iowa (15:05), Beastie Boys ~ Jimmy James (3:14), Future ~ Diamonds from Africa (2:46), The Weeknd ~ House Of Balloons / Glass Table Girls (6:47)


Slipknot ~ Skin Ticket (6:41), Thundercat ~ Inferno (4:00), Gorillaz ~ Hip Albatross (2:43), Kanye West ~ Wolves (5:01), Future ~ Trap Niggas (3:03), Rage Against the Machine ~ War Within a Breath (3:36)


Baby Keem, Kendrick Lamar ~ The Hillbillies (3:24), Gorillaz ~ Spitting out the Demons (5:10), MF DOOM ~ Fillet-O-Rapper (1:03), Radiohead ~ Reckoner (4:50), C418 ~ Thirteen (2:56), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Learn Truth (3:16), Led Zeppelin ~ Kashmir (8:28), Public Enemy ~ Cold Lampin’ With Flavor (4:17), Led Zeppelin ~ The Lemon Song (6:19), Eminem ~ When The Music Stops (4:28), Gorillaz, Space Monkeyz ~ A Fistful of Peanuts (5:53), Future ~ Rich $ex (4:00), Nirvana ~ Dumb (2:31), J Dilla ~ Waves (1:38), Eminem ~ I’m Back (5:09), The Weeknd ~ The Knowing (5:40), Talking Heads ~ Who Is It? (1:44), Nirvana ~ Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle (4:10), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Machine Gun Funk (4:15), Gorillaz ~ Lake Zurich (4:13), Eminem ~ Say What You Say (5:09), Nirvana ~ Heart-Shaped Box (4:41), Nirvana ~ All Apologies (3:53)


Orion Sun ~ Hold Space For Me (32:17), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Everyday Struggle (5:19), MF DOOM ~ MICROWAVE MAYO (2:26), Madvillain ~ Figaro (2:25), J Dilla ~ Waves (1:38), Deltron 3030 ~ Virus (4:26), Danny Brown ~ Get Hi (3:33), Beastie Boys ~ Professor Booty (4:12), Beastie Boys ~ Transitions (2:31), Gorillaz ~ Charger (3:34), Gorillaz ~ Rock the House (4:09), Beastie Boys ~ Hail Sagan (Special K) (4:04), Takeoff ~ Bruce Wayne (Outro) (3:47), Beastie Boys ~ The Negotiation Limerick File (2:46), Mos Def ~ Fear Not Of Man (4:28), Television ~ Friction (4:43), Gorillaz ~ Broken (3:17)


Nirvana ~ Milk It (3:43), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Me and My Bitch (4:00), Your Old Droog ~ The Unknown Comic (2:05), Denzel Curry ~ Melt Session #1 (Cold Blooded Soul Version) (3:09), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), Denzel Curry ~ TABOO | TA13OO (3:17), Kanye West ~ Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Bonus Track) (3:58), Eminem ~ Paul Rosenberg (Skit) (:22), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Ready to Die (4:24), Gorillaz ~ Dirty Harry (3:50), JAY-Z ~ Lyrical Exercise (3:46), A$AP Rocky ~ Peso (2:49), JPEGMAFIA ~ Curb Stomp (2:15), Gorillaz ~ Clint Eastwood (5:40), Travis Scott ~ 90210 (5:39), Nirvana ~ Scoff (4:10), Slipknot ~ Left Behind (4:01), Flying Lotus ~ Table Tennis (3:01), Beastie Boys ~ So What’Cha Want (3:36), Nirvana ~ Serve The Servants (3:37), Mac Miller ~ Watching Movies with the Sound Off (10th Anniversary) (1:16:09)


Lil Yachty ~ The Alchemist. (2:56), Kendrick Lamar ~ HiiiPower (4:39), Beastie Boys ~ What Comes Around (3:07), Gorillaz ~ Faust (3:51), Madvillain ~ Raid (2:30), Fleetwood Mac ~ Oh Daddy (3:56), Denzel Curry ~ Chrome Hearts (3:21), Radiohead ~ Reckoner (4:50), Kanye West ~ Real Friends (4:11), Pusha T ~ If You Know You Know (3:22), JAY-Z ~ Cashmere Thoughts (2:56), A$AP Rocky ~ Get Lit (2:58), KAYTRAMINÉ ~ Rebuke (1:58), Slipknot ~ Eyeless (3:56), The Beatles ~ Yellow Submarine (2:38), JAY-Z ~ Ain’t No Nigga (4:02), J Dilla ~ Workinonit (2:57), Mac Miller ~ Self Care (5:45), Metallica ~ The Call Of Ktulu (8:53), Beastie Boys ~ Stand Together (2:47), Denzel Curry ~ SWITCH IT UP | ZWITCH 1T UP (2:55), C418 ~ Subwoofer Lullaby (3:28)

July


Beck ~ Mellow Gold (46:53), Beck ~ Odelay (52:17), Björk ~ Vespertine (55:33)

November


Danny Brown ~ Quaranta (34:15), My Chemical Romance ~ I’m Not Okay (I Promise) (3:06), Mac Miller ~ In the Bag (4:35), Eminem ~ Who Knew (3:47), Kanye West ~ The New Workout Plan (5:22), DaBaby ~ THERE HE GO (2:23), MF DOOM ~ BATTY BOYZ (3:16), OutKast ~ Happy Valentine’s Day (5:23), Logic ~ Playwright (3:20), Beastie Boys ~ Sure Shot (3:19), Björk ~ Cocoon (4:28), Daft Punk ~ Rollin’ & Scratchin’ (7:28), Danny Brown ~ Torture (3:46), De La Soul ~ WRMS: Cat’s in Control (:33), Viktor Vaughn ~ G.M.C. (3:33), RATM ~ Born As Ghosts (3:22), Death Grips ~ The Cage (3:31), Your Old Droog ~ Black N Red Huaraches (2:29), The Weeknd ~ Alone Again (4:10), Björk ~ Undo (5:38), JID ~ Mounted Up (3:02), Mac Miller ~ Brand Name (5:02), JPEGMAFIA ~ Dayum (1:25), Kanye West ~ Celebration (3:18), Danny Brown ~ Float On (3:31), Logic ~ Yuck (2:53), Takeoff ~ I Remember (2:59), Madvillain ~ Operation Lifesaver aka Mint Test (1:30), Q and Not U ~ Snow Patterns (2:59), Takeoff ~ Last Memory (2:42), Denzel Curry ~ BLOOD ON MY NIKEZ (3:42), Flying Lotus ~ Galaxy In Janaki (2:27), Gorillaz ~ The Fall (43:20), Björk ~ Unison (6:45), Beck ~ Ramshackle (4:47)

The Beatles ~ Good Day Sunshine (2:09), Nirvana ~ All Apologies (3:53), A$AP Rocky ~ Sandman (3:20), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Black And White (3:41), 2 Chainz ~ NCAA (4:08), Ski Mask The Slump God ~ CHILD’S PLAY (1:37), Denzel Curry ~ ZUU (2:06), Eminem ~ Sing For The Moment (5:39), Future ~ Rockstar Chainz (3:01)


Smoke DZA, Flying Lotus ~ Flying Objects (15:08), Kendrick Lamar ~ Tammy’s Song (Her Evils) (2:41), Danny Brown ~ Ain’t My Concern (2:50), Gorillaz ~ Rhinestone Eyes (3:20), Devon Hendryx ~ HBK (2:58), Led Zeppelin ~ How Many More Times (8:27), Public Enemy ~ 911 Is A Joke (3:17), My Chemical Romance ~ Cemetery Drive (3:08), Nine Inch Nails ~ Piggy (4:22), Migos ~ All Ass (4:54), Roddy Ricch ~ Gods Eyes (2:15), Kendrick Lamar ~ Sherane a.k.a Master Splinter’s Daughter (4:33), 2 Chainz ~ Threat 2 Society (3:45), Kendrick Lamar ~ Chapter Six (2:41), Beastie Boys ~ Stand Together (2:47)

DaBaby ~ TOES (2:16), Travis Scott ~ LOOOVE (3:46), Smoke DZA, Flying Lotus ~ Harlem World 97 (2:17), Black Sabbath ~ Sabbra Cadabra (5:57), Low ~ Medicine Magazines (4:33), Michael Jackson ~ Butterflies (4:39), OutKast ~ The Love Below (Intro) (1:27), The Beatles ~ Eleanor Rigby (2:06), Vince Staples ~ Lemme Know (3:42), Eminem ~ Mosh (5:17), Flying Lotus ~ Auntie’s Lock/Infinitum (2:44), A$AP Rocky ~ Purple Swag (1:58), The Beatles ~ Because (2:45), Masta Killa ~ Masta Killa (2:51), J Dilla ~ Two Can Win (2:47), Dr. Dre ~ Ackrite (Instrumental) (3:25), Metallica ~ Escape (4:23), Beck ~ High 5 (Rock The Catskills) (4:11), Viktor Vaughn ~ Open Mic Nite, Pt. 1 (4:09), Michael Jackson ~ Cry (5:00), My Chemical Romance ~ Blood (Hidden Track) (2:53), Future ~ New Illuminati (3:01), Nirvana ~ Dumb (2:31), My Chemical Romance ~ Teenagers (2:41), The White Stripes ~ I’m Finding It Harder To Be a Gentleman (2:54), Public Enemy ~ Terminator X To The Edge Of Panic (4:31), Future ~ Lookin Exotic (3:46), The Weeknd ~ High For This (4:07), JPEGMAFIA ~ Panic Emoji (3:00), JPEGMAFIA ~ Libtard Anthem (1:20), De La Soul ~ WRMS: Cat’s in Control (:33), BROCKHAMPTON ~ SWIM (3:33), Flying Lotus ~ …And The World Laughs With You (2:55), The Weeknd ~ Blinding Lights (3:20), Beastie Boys ~ Unite (3:31), Madvillain ~ Supervillain Theme (:52), The Beatles ~ Octopus’s Garden (2:50), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Intro (3:23), Future ~ Testify (2:58), JPEGMAFIA ~ Kenan vs. Kel (3:01), The Notorious B.I.G. ~ Juicy (5:02), J. Cole ~ a m a r i (2:28), Pusha T ~ King Push (2:52), DaBaby ~ XXL (2:33), A$AP Mob ~ Young Nigga Living (4:18), J Dilla ~ Thunder (:54), Future ~ No Compadre (3:37), Danny Brown ~ Quaranta (2:40), DJ Shadow ~ Transmission 1 (:35), Ski Mask The Slump God ~ The Matrix (2:10), Ski Mask The Slump God ~ COOLEST MONKEY IN THE JUNGLE (2:32), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Run The Jewels (1:04), MF DOOM ~ Kon Karne (2:51), Logic ~ Clone Wars III (3:45), Gorillaz ~ Pirate Jet (2:32), Kanye West ~ Facts (Charlie Heat Version) (3:20), Mos Def ~ Got (3:27), Danny Brown ~ Jenn’s Terrific Vacation (3:26), Michael Jackson ~ Bad (4:07)

DJ Shadow ~ The Number Song (4:34), Viktor Vaughn ~ Vaudeville Villain (2:31), Danny Brown ~ Hanami (3:27), Beastie Boys ~ High Plains Drifter (4:13), Eminem ~ Steve Berman (Skit) (:33), Your Old Droog ~ .500 (3:41), Low ~ In Metal (4:20), J Dilla ~ Mash (1:31), The Smiths ~ Unhappy Birthday (2:45)

Beastie Boys ~ Johnny Ryall (3:01), Nirvana ~ Smells Like Teen Spirit (5:01), Takeoff ~ Vacation (2:49), RATM ~ Township Rebellion (5:24), BROCKHAMPTON ~ STAR (2:41), OutKast ~ Spaghetti Junction (3:57), Kendrick Lamar ~ Wesley’s Theory (4:47), Logic ~ All I Do (3:51), MF DOOM ~ THE.GREEN.WHORE.NET (1:18), Kanye West ~ Skit #4 (1:18), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Jack Harlow Combo Meal (2:18), JPEGMAFIA, Danny Brown ~ Run The Jewels (1:04), Denzel Curry ~ SIRENS | Z1RENZ (3:56), Eminem ~ Ass Like That (4:25), Kanye West ~ Skit #1 (:33), Lil Yachty ~ the ride- (3:10), Injury Reserve ~ Hello?! (1:06), Converge ~ The Broken Vow (2:13), Wu-Tang Clan ~ Method Man (5:50)

The Weeknd ~ Scared To Live (3:11), The Beatles ~ Drive My Car (2:28), Kanye West ~ New Again (3:03), Michael Jackson ~ You Are My Life (4:33), Gorillaz ~ Slow Country (3:37), Public Enemy ~ She Watch Channel Zero?! (3:49), Deltron 3030 ~ 3030 (7:29), R.A. The Rugged Man ~ Casanova (Fly Guy), Madvillain ~ Fancy Clown (1:55), Nine Inch Nails ~ Eraser (4:53), OutKast ~ Love Hater (2:49)

Burl Ives ~ A Holly Jolly Christmas (2:15), Bobby Helms ~ Jingle Bell Rock (2:11), Pusha T ~ Call My Bluff (2:48), Future ~ My Collection (4:15), OutKast ~ Knowing (3:31), ATCQ ~ Push It Along (7:34), Danny Brown ~ Dark Sword Angel (2:40), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: Mike On The Mic (:48), A$AP Rocky ~ Palace (2:43), Danny Brown ~ Rolling Stone (3:48), Daft Punk ~ Face to Face (4:00), JID ~ Mounted Up (3:02), Danny Brown ~ 25 Bucks (3:30), Earl Sweatshirt ~ Inside (1:49), Sadat X ~ The Location (3:04), RATM ~ Born of a Broken Man (4:40), Viktor Vaughn ~ Vaudeville Villain (2:31), Kanye West ~ Remote Control (3:18), 21 Savage ~  a&t (3:31), Sexyy Red ~ Strictly for the Strippers (4:02), ScHoolboy Q ~ My Hatin Joint (4:14), Beastie Boys ~ B-Boy Bouillabaisse: Dropping Names (1:02), Pusha  T ~ Come Back Baby (3:26), Slipknot ~ (515) (:59)

Alice In Chains ~ Put You Down (3:15), 21 Savage ~ ball w/o you (3:15), RATM ~ Testify (3:30), Nirvana ~ Smells Like Teen Spirit (5:01), DOOM ~ CELLZ, Pt. 2 (2:30), Motörhead ~ Live to Win (3:36), Kendrick Lamar ~ Rigamortus (2:48), Mac Miller ~ ROS (5:43), Devon Hendryx ~ HBK (Remastered) (2:54), Madvillain ~ Money Folder (3:02), JPEGMAFIA ~ DIRTY! (OFFLINE) (2:07), Pusha T ~ The Games We Play (2:46), Gorillaz ~ The Joplin Spider (3:22), J. Cole ~ l e t . g o . m y . h a n d (4:26), Nirvana ~ Serve The Servants (3:37), Masta Killa feat. Streetlife and Prodigal Sunn ~ Whatever (2:54), Denzel Curry ~ Zatoichi (3:30), My Chemical Romance ~ This Is How I Disappear (3:59), A$AP Mob ~ Bachelor (2:56), Michael Jackson ~ Just Good Friends (4:06), Björk ~ Aurora (4:39), Future, Lil Uzi Vert ~ Drankin N Smokin (3:33), Future ~ Flip (3:21), Takeoff ~ None To Me (2:31), Gorillaz ~ Detroit (2:03), OutKast ~ The Way You Move (3:54), ATCQ ~ Luck of Lucien (4:42), Marvin Gaye ~ Flyin’ High (In The Friendly Sky) (3:49), Mountain ~ Silver Paper (3:15), Death Grips ~ Pss Pss (4:33), BROCKHAMPTON ~ SKIT 2 (:18), J. Cole ~ h u n g e r . o n . h i l l s i d e (3:59), Logic ~ Gaithersburg Freestyle (3:01), Michael Jackson ~ Invincible (4:45), Beastie Boys ~ Just A Test (2:12), Madvillain ~ Figaro (2:25), Michael Jackson ~ The Lady in My Life (5:00), Tyler, The Creator ~ A BOY IS A GUN* (3:30), Roddy Ricch ~ War Baby (3:15), Roddy Ricch ~  High Fashion (3:40), Madvillain ~ Rainbows (2:51), Masta Killa ~ D.T.D. (4:13), RATM ~ Born As Ghosts (3:22), Death Grips ~ The Fever (Aye Aye) (3:07), King Geedorah ~ The Fine Print (4:29), Chance The Rapper ~ All Night (2:21), Devon Hendryx ~ Heart Emoji (Remastered) (1:46), Earl Sweatshirt ~ Huey (1:52), Flying Lotus ~ Melt! (1:45), Public Enemy ~ 911 Is A Joke (3:17), A$AP Mob ~ Put That On My Set (

Sometimes I wanna say fuck rapping, I need money now
Like should I start trapping?
If what I write down don't collect this very moment
Then I'm on it, no question
In the streets, my niggas is well connected, let's see
Do I cop a pound of kush, promethazine or push some E?
Oxycontin have me laying on soft cotton when I sleep?
This is deep as the abyss, I'm not just rhyming on the beat
I be in spots, chopping the rocks like Flintstone feet
This is me, frustrated, battling my own evils
Finna saddle up that work across Ohio in a Geo
Or should I sell my music .zip to buy your zip
And hope one day it flourish to a kilo
Track record of a hustler
Rather records on the needle, making music
Clocking fast bank like a shot from Patrick Ewing
My nigga, what you doing on these corners whipping?
"I thought you had a show?" Well, my nigga, I guess I didn't
I'm tryna get this dough, and easy money sounds tempting
Especially when your homies pushing V8 engines
Twenty-two on twenty-sixes, Range Rovers rolling up
Three-fifty for an ounce of fire, I hope I got enough
This industry calling my bluff, I need a new solution
Curb-serving, or I might be in your store boosting
Two-elevens with Mac-11s like fuck hip-hop
Don't wanna be Pun, don't wanna be B.I.G., don't wanna be Pac
Just give me your funds, A.K.A. everything that you got
Or everything getting shot, for nothing
Leave you in shock, coughing up blood and mumbling
Watch, the plans of a young man sponsor
Moving grams like relocating your mom's momma
Then expand to the Hoover Dam, water, sherm
Contraband, they yearn for the butt-naked
Fuck a verse, verses get let off in thirty minutes, six seconds
I disperse to the world of unruly, where I put the mic down
And pick up a sack and a toolie, if you knew me
You'll know I always had a passion for riddling, writing
But lately, I've been thinking 'bout taking chances to brighten
My future financially, so please don't be mad at me
I gotta do what I gotta do, no shit
So I tell my nigga, "Front me, let me put it on the strip"
Then give it back when I think about the consequence
Shit...
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
There are times, when you need someone
I will be by your side
Oh darling, cause there is a light that shines
Special for you, and me yeah
I-take-I-take-take my chances-chances-chances
Before they pass, they pass, they pass
Pass me by, oh darling
You've got to look at the other side

R.O.T.C—Right On Time 

Six in the morn'
Fire in the street
Burn, baby, burn (You, you, you, you, you)
That's all I wanna see (You, you, you, you, you)
And sometimes I get off watchin' you die in vain
It's such a shame, they may call me crazy
They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or somethin'
But homie, you made me (You, you, you, you, you)
Black don't crack, my nigga
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
Been feelin' this way since I was sixteen, came to my senses
You never liked us anyway, fuck your friendship, I meant it
I'm African-American, I'm African, I'm black as the moon
Heritage of a small village, pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide
You hate me, don't you?
You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture
You're fuckin' evil
I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelings, I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community, makin' a killin'
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot
I said they treat me like a slave cah me Black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain cah we Black
And man a say they put me inna chains cah we Black
Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars 'pon me back
But now we have a big whip parked 'pon the block
All them say we doomed from the start cah we Black
Remember this, every race start from the Black, jus 'member dat

I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
I mean, it's evident that I'm irrelevant to society
That's what you're tellin' me, penitentiary would only hire me
Curse me 'til I'm dead, church me with your fake prophesizing
That I'ma be just another slave in my head
Institutionalized manipulation and lies
Reciprocation of freedom only live in your eyes
You hate me, don't you?
I know you hate me just as much as you hate yourself
Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt
Watchin' me as I pull up, fill up my tank, then peel out
Muscle cars like pull-ups, show you what these big wheels 'bout, ah
Black and successful, this Black man meant to be special
Katzkins on my radar, bitch, how can I help you?
How can I tell you I'm making a killin'?
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot
I said they treat me like a slave cah me Black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain cah we Black
And man a say they put me inna chains cah we Black
Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars 'pon me back
But now we have a big whip parked 'pon the block
All them say we doomed from the start cah we Black
Remember this, every race start from the Black, go scream mother

I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
When I finish this, if you listen, then sure you will agree
This plot is bigger than me, it's generational hatred
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm Black as the heart of a fuckin' Aryan
I'm Black as the name of Tyrone and Darius, excuse my French
But fuck you — no, fuck y'all, that's as blunt as it gets
I know you hate me, don't you?
You hate my people, I can tell 'cause it's threats when I see you
I can tell 'cause your ways deceitful
Know I can tell because you in love with that Desert Eagle
Thinkin' maliciously, he get a chain then you gon' bleed him
It's funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war
Two tribal armies that wanna build and destroy
Remind me of these Compton Crip gangs that live next door
Beefin' with Pirus, only death settle the score
So don't matter how much I say I like to preach with the Panthers
Or tell Georgia State "Marcus Garvey got all the answers"
Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day
Or eat watermelon, chicken, and Kool-Aid on weekdays
Or jump high enough to get Michael Jordan endorsements
Or watch BET 'cause urban support is important
So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street
When gang-banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me?
Hypocrite


Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
Malcolm X put a hex on my future, someone catch me
I'm falling victim to a revolutionary song, the Serengeti's clone
Back to put you backstabbers back on your spinal bone
You slipped your disc when I slid you my disc
You wanted to diss, but jumped on my dick
Grown men never should bite their tongue
Unless you eatin' pussy that smell like it's a stale plum
I got my finger on the motherfuckin' pistol
Aimin' it at a pig, Charlotte's web is gonna miss you
My issue isn't televised and you ain't gotta tell the wise
How to stay on beat, because our life's an instrumental
This is physical and mental, I won't sugarcoat it
You'd die from diabetes if these other niggas wrote it
And everything on TV just a figment of imagination
I don't want a plastic nation, dread that like a Haitian
While you motherfuckers waiting, I be off the slave ship
Building pyramids, writing my own hieroglyphs
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean this shit is
Huey Newton going stupid, you can't resist his
HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
If I see it how he seen it, that would make my parents happy
Sorry, mama, I can't turn the other cheek
They wanna knock me off the edge like a fuckin' widow's peak, uh
And she always told me pray for the weak, uh
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uh
Dear Lord, come save me, the devil's working hard
He probably clockin' double shifts on all of his jobs
Frightenin', so fuckin' frightenin'
Enough to drive a man insane, I need a license to kill
I'm standing on a field full of land mines
Doin' the moonwalk, hopin' I blow up in time
'Cause 2012 might not be a fuckin' legend
Tryna be a fuckin' legend, the man of mankind
Who said a Black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
So get up off that slave ship
Build your own pyramids, write your own hieroglyphs
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Nigga, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean this shit is
Bobby Seale makin' meals, you can't resist his
HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

Every day, we fight the system just to make our way
We been down for too long, but that's alright
We was built to be strong, 'cause it's our life, na-na-na
Every day, we fight the system, we fight the system
We fight the system (Never like the system)
We been down for too long, but that's alright, na-na-na

Who said a Black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
Last time I checked, we was racin' with Marcus Garvey
On the freeway to Africa 'til I wreck my Audi
And I want everybody to view my autopsy
So you can see exactly where the government had shot me
No conspiracy, my fate is inevitable
They play musical chairs once I'm on that pedestal
Frightenin', so fuckin' frightenin'
Enough to drive a man insane, a woman insane
The reason Lauryn Hill don't sing, or Kurt Cobain
Loaded that clip and then said bang
The drama it bring is crazy, product of the late '80s
Tryna stay above water, that's why we shun the Navy
Pull your guns and play me, let's set it off
'Cause a riot, throw a Molotov
Somebody told me them pirates had got lost
'Cause we been off them slave ships
Got our own pyramids, write our own hieroglyphs
Just call the shit HiiiPoWeR
Yeah, nothing less than HiiiPoWeR
Five-star dishes, food for thought, bitches
I mean this shit is
Fred Hampton on your campus, you can't resist his
HiiiPoWeR
Throw your hands up for HiiiPoWeR

Thug life
Thug life


Pimp-pimp (Hooray)
Pimp-pimp (Hooray)
Hooray
Pimp-pimp (Hooray)
Hooray

Love won't get you high as this
Drugs won't get you high as this
Fame won't get you high as this
Chains won't get you high as this
Juice won't get you high as this
Crew won't get you high as this
Hate won't get you high as this
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate, uh
Love won't get you high as this
Drugs won't get you high as this
Fame won't get you high as this
Chains won't get you high as this
Juice won't get you high as this
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate

Life won't get you high like this here, no
He won't get you high like this here, no
She won't get you high like this here, no
"For Free?" won't get you high like this here, no
Two keys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bentleys won't get you high, like, no
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
Life won't get you high, no, no, no
He won't get you high, no, no, no
She won't get you high, no, no, no
"For Free?" won't get you high, no, no, no
Two keys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bentleys won't get you high, no, no, no
Bars won't get you high, no, no, no
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch, you
You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch, you
Santa reindeer better have some ass, you bitch, you
Everything I'm workin' gotta be the gas, you bitch, you
(Don't fuck around, don't fuck around, don't fuck around, don't fuck a—)
Shut your fuckin' mouth and get some cash, you bitch
You be in your feelings, I be in my bag, you bitch
Santa reindeer better have some ass, you bitch
Everything I'm working, gotta be the—
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate

Me don't want problem (Me don't want problem)
Me don't want trick (Me don't want trick)
Me do want dollars (Me do want dollars)
Me want it big (Me do want dollars)
Me don't want problem (We ride Impalas)
Me don't want trick (Me don't want trick)
Me do want dollars (Me don't want trick)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate
We don't want problem (We don't want problem)
We don't want trick (We don't want trick)
We do want dollar (We do want dollar)
We do it big (We don't want problem)
We do it big (We don't want problem)
We do it big (We don't want trick)
We don't want problem (We don't want problem)
Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate

Compton is where I'm from
Is where I'm from, where is I'm from

Yeah, yeah
Young Egypt
Look, look
I feel like Pacino in Godfather, I'm charged
Our Father who art in Heaven, Kendrick at large
Came in the game with a plan of beatin' the odds
What an accomplishment, broken promises
Kept my focus anonymous till I dealt with the consequence
The greatest, the latest mogul, you know what time it is
You niggas fear me like y'all fear God
You sound frantic, I hear panic in your voice
Just know the mechanics of making your choice in writin' your bars
Before you poke out your chest, loosen your bra
Before you step out of line and dance with the star
I could never end a career if it never start
The murderous capital, avenues lookin' like evil dead zombies
With batteries to the head
The flattery of watchin' my stock rise
The salary, the compensation tripled my cock size
I run through these stop signs with no brake fluid
Just premium gas, do it for dolo
Crash markets and prejudiced tags, look at my photo
Black excellence, pessimist, die countin' my coin
Hope it's evident that I inspired a thousand emcees to do better
I blew cheddar on youth centers, buildings and beamers and blue leather
Forecastin' my future, this is the future
The mastermind, until my next album, more power to you


Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on (Hell yeah), come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on

This is a fifteen minute song (Ahahaha)
We're just jammin' out, we on stage
Taz, we just jammin' out (Shhh)
Hundred thousand (Aw, yeah, aw, shit, hahahaha)
Hundred thousand, you gotta see it!
Look, look, look, go back to the down note
They all sing this shit, everybody

Now I don't let you down, down for
You see, you see, you see, you see (Right)
But I don't shake you down, dog for you, you, you, you, uh
They say the government ain't the truth, truth, (Mhm) truth, truth
And the politicians always mislead the youth, youth, youth, youth
But head is the answer
Head is the future
Don't second guess yourself
Come on, give me some help
Hey one more time, band, I need y'all to help me out right now (Hahahaha)
Head is the answer (Yeah)
Head is the futu—it's the future, that nigga said
Don't second guess yourself (Crazy, holy shit, hahaha)
Come on, give me some help
Say come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on—my background singer—come on, come on (Right, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Say, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on

I said, girl, you make me wanna, uh
Great, the—the ho's screaming now, uh (Hahahaha)
I said baby you make
You make me wanna just, ah!
Baby, (Hahahaha) you got me speechless right now
(Hahaha, you gotta take it there)
I gotta take it there, I ain't even playin' no more
Uh, said you just make me wanna drag you down
To the ground, to the ground
Like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam
Ju—you just make me wanna drag you down
To—down, around like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam
And, baby, if your mama's around if your mama's around
If your mama's around if your mama's around
Tell her, tell her
No discrimination (Haha), she young nigga chasin' (Ahahah!)
And she can get this dick too!

I said come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Yeah, nigga
You gotta do it, man
We gonna lay that shit
We gonna lay that shit man and watch what it's gon' 

And so he said "Why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con artist? Why you couldn't?
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil' devious
The moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing, just a lil' time?
Why you let me use yours 'cause I don't got mines?
Why you always lift me up, when I'm completely giving up
And when niggas holla, "What's up?" you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me?
Why you always thinking of me?
Want my company rather than going club hopping?
Why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you" (Sometimes)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us

Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there

And so she said "Why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
Out in public curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying, "Hi, Daddy"?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don’t ever ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still like my ex?
Every time we get into it, I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's ya favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after ya homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
Even though you get violent and put your hands on me?"
Sometimes
We hurt people that love us, love people that
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us

Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there

She says she loves me
She says she loves me
So she clings to me, even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like, sometimes, when I have things on my mind, she's the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice, she says, when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning, she's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me
She says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower, she's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says she loves me... and I don't know about 

Oh shit, nigga
Somethin' 'bout to happen
Nigga, this shit, nigga, this sound like thirty keys under the Compton court building
Hope the dogs don't smell it

Welcome to vigilante, '80s, so don't you ask me
I'm hungry, my body's antsy, I rip through your fuckin' pantry
Peelin' off like a Xanny, examine my orchestra
Granny said when I'm old enough, I'll be sure to be all I can be
You niggas Marcus Camby, washed up
Pussy, fix your panties, I'm Mr. Marcus, you gettin' fucked, uh
You ain't heard nothin' harder since Daddy Kane
Take it in vain, Vicodins couldn't ease the pain
Lightning bolts hit your body, you thought it rained
Not a cloud in sight, just the shit that I write
Strong enough to stand in front of a travelin' freight train, are you trained?
To go against Dracula, draggin' the record industry by my fangs
AK clips, money clips, and gold chains
You walk around with a P90 like it's the '90s
Bullet to your temple, your homicide'll remind me
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
That Compton Crip niggas ain't nothin' to fuck with
Bompton Pirus ain't nothin' to fuck with
Compton éses ain't nothin' to fuck with
But they fuck with me, and bitch, I love it
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop (California Dungeons)
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop (California Dungeons)

Let's hit the county buildin', gotta cash my check
Spend it all on a forty-ounce to the neck
And in retrospect, I remember December being the hottest
Squad cars, neighborhood wars, and stolen Mazdas
I tell you motherfuckers that life is full of hydraulics
Up and down, get a six-four, better know how to drive it
I'm drivin' on E with no license or registration
Heart racin', racin' past Johnny because he's racist
1987, the children of Ronald Reagan
Rake the leaves off your front porch with a machine blowtorch (I'm really out here, my nigga)
He blowin' on stress, hopin' to ease the stress (Like, really out here)
He coppin' some blow, hopin' that it can stretch
Newborn massacre
Hoppin' out the passenger with calendars 'cause your day comin'
Run him down and then he gun him down, I'm hopin' that you fast enough
Even the legs of Michael Johnson don't mean nothin', because
Compton Crip niggas ain't nothin' to fuck with
Bompton Pirus ain't nothin' to fuck with
Compton éses ain't nothin' to fuck with
But they fuck with me, and bitch, I love it
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop (California Dungeons)
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop, woop-di-woop
Woop-di-woop, woop-di-woop-woop (California Dungeons)

Can't detour when you at war with your city, why run for it?
Just ride with me, just die with me, that gun store right there
When you fight, don't fight fair, 'cause you'll never win
(Right, I had the yopper, and I tore they ass up)
Can't detour when you at war with your city, why run for it?
Just ride with me, just die with me, that gun store right there
When you fight, don't fight fair, 'cause you'll never win, yeah, yeah, yeah

Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah
Woah, woah, woah-woah-woah-woah

We really out here, my nigga
You niggas don't understand, my nigga
I'm off a pill and Rémy Red, my nigga
Trippin', my 

Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy
Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star?
Hit me
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You'll slip through the cracks hopin' that you'll survive
Gather your wit, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To Pimp a Butterfly

At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you
Until I get my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues
Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the press with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
(Everybody get out)
At first, I did love you (Love you)
But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck)
Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you)
Until I get my nut ('Til I get my nut)
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board)
Destroyed, but what for?
Yo, what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember, anybody can get it
The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker
What you want you? A house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators
Cliché? Then say, "Fuck your haters"
I can see the baller in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me live forever, baby
Count it all together, baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby
Your horoscope is a Gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you hit the White House, do you
But remember, you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five (Yeah)
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop, drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top (We’re on top together)
You got a medal for us
Leavin' metaphors metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind

We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home

Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man 

It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's just how I feel
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Dreams of livin' life like rappers do (Like rappers do, like rappers do)
Bump that new E-40 after school (Way after school, way after school)
You know, "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (My homies)
Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (Thinkin' rational, that's rational)
Back to reality, we poor, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Another casualty at war, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head (My Tony head, my Tony head)
He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
That Louis Burgers never be the same (Won't be the same, won't be the same)
A Louis belt'll never ease that pain (Won't ease that pain, won't ease that pain)
But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (That day is jerkin', day is jerkin')
Pull off at Church's with Pirellis skrrtin' (Pirellis skrrtin', Pirellis skrrtin')
Gang signs out the window, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
Hopin' all of 'em offend you, ya bish (Ya bish, ya bish)
They say your hood is a pot of gold (A pot of gold, a pot of gold)
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home

It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just fuck your main bitch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with
That's just how I feel, nah, nah
A dollar might just make that lane switch
That's just how I feel, nah
A dollar might turn to a million and we all rich
That's just how I feel
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way
'Magine Rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings, liquors spillin', pistols poppin'
Bakin' soda, yola whippin', ain't no turkey on Thanksgivin'
My homeboy just domed a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue, every day, I'm hustlin'
What else is a thug to do when you eatin' cheese from the government?
Gotta provide for my daughter 'nem, get the fuck up out my way, bish
Got that drum and I got them bands just like a parade, bish
Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurkin', blood
Bitches sellin' pussy, niggas sellin' drugs, but it's all good
Broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is
Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a Foot Locker is
In the streets with a heater under my dungarees
Dreams of me gettin' shaded under a money tree
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doin'
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustlin' all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade
And that's just how I feel

Kendrick, just bring my car back, man, I, I called in for another appointment
I figured you weren't gonna be back here on time anyway, look
Shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house, man
This man is on one, he feelin' good than a motherfucker
Shit, I'm tryna get my thing goin' too (Girl, I want your body)
I'm going over to Merlin house, just bring my car back (I want your body)
Shit, he faded, he feelin' good, look, listen to him
'Cause you got a big ol' fat ass
Girl, girl, I want your body
I want your body, 'cause of that big ol' fat ass, girl
See, he high as hell (I want your body, 'cause of that big ol'—)
Shit, he ain't even trippin' off them dominoes no more, just bring the car back
Did somebody say 

I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
This is why I say that hip hop has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a better life, I'm rollin' several dice, fuck your life
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I live a be-, fuck your life
Five, four, three, two, one
This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin'
Money and power, the mecca of marriages
Tell me somethin'
You motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation
Your DNA an abomination
This how it is when you in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets, reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go
And sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy, walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors
Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool, godfather goals
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on, I don't conversate
I don't compromise, I just penetrate
Sex, money, murder, these are the breaks
These are the times, level number nine
Look up in the sky, ten is on the way
Sentence on the way, killings on the way
Motherfucker, I got winners on the way
You ain't shit without a body on your belt
You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith
Peace to the world, let it rotate
Sex, money, murder, our DNA


Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams (What's the yams?)

The yam is the power that be
You can smell it when I'm walkin' down the street
(Oh yes, we can, oh yes, we can)
I can dig rappin', but a rapper with a ghostwriter?
What the fuck happened? (Oh no)
I swore I wouldn't tell, but most of y'all sharing bars
Like you got the bottom bunk in a two-man cell (A two-man cell)
Something's in the water (Something's in the water)
And if I gotta brown-nose for some gold
Then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller (Oh yeah!)
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams (What's the yams?)

The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
Twenty-four-seven, three-sixty-five days times two
I was contemplatin' gettin' off stage
Just to go back to the hood, see my enemy and say (Oh yeah)

Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
You goat-mouth mammyfucker
I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal, they ain't even need my help
This shit is elementary, I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city, everybody's screamin', "Compton!"
I should probably run for mayor when I'm done, to be honest
And I put that on my momma and my baby boo too
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo-woo!
Aw, yeah, fuck the judge
I made it past twenty-five, and there I was
A little nappy-headed nigga with the world behind him
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina
Screamin', "Annie, are you okay? Annie, are you okay?"
Limo tinted with the gold plates
Straight from the bottom, this the belly of the beast
From a peasant to a prince to a motherfuckin' king (Oh yeah)

Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
By the time you hear the next pop
The funk shall be within you
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk
We want the funk
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk

I remember you was conflicted, misusing your 

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh (Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo) We-ooh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Da-da-n-dee-dee-dee-ooh-n-die-ayy-ayy (Day-ayy)

I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers
Until I came 

I wanna hit line drives…
Wanna lose weight and keep eating…
For you…
Hey, whats up doc?

Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I-I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y-Yeah!  Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Liberation… Leader…
Popular pie plant pictured here…
Wile E. Coyote! Wile E. Coyote!
This shit make a nigga just wanna write
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite
Apple Jacks and after that I hit the TV Guide
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
I’m a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied
Tell a story that I'll never grow to 25
Not to worry, every warrior will come and see euphoria
And that's a covenant I put on every tribe
Ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe
Nobody gon' abide by your rule
Nobody holding your gun
How come your tongue say, "killa" then kill my mood
Light speed living in the world you know
Little old me, feeling like a live wire
Bet I put some new tires on a lightning bolt
'Til I wreck into a pole, like a right to vote
I'm from the bottom of the jungle
Living in the bottom of the food chain
When you get a new chain, nigga take it from you
A new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look-alike
Hope another homicide don't numb you a nun do
Things we will never learn soon
In the era where we wanna earn soon
That's a error, you can smell it in the air
And everybody really doomed
That's why I'm backdooring you motherfuckas
All y'all can suck my dick
All them days at the county building
I'm 'bout to make my mama rich
Cartoons and (Cereal!) I ain't felt this (Good since!)
Scrooge McDuck (Here we go!), elementary hood shit
Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y-Yeah!  Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'ma aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
AKs for the whole hood
House lick went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
I overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Dark Wing Duck lost service
Mama said I'd better duck, she's nervous
Drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no gun machine
This block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everbody corner (Dash for it)
Get a toe tag when you play tag
With a task of a new (Task force)
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it (Past yours)
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since I (Asked for)
Cartoons and cereal

Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room
And I run it

Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth, just for you
Muhfucka, hope y'all amused!
I did wrong, karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends, enemies all the same
State, fed, both can hang
Nobody can't mute me
But I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money, don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart, face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah, this me, no mic
No cameras, no lights, just pain
Mama, how much trauma can I sustain?
Dirty money come with lots of stains
Road to riches come with lots of lanes
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain…

Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain
(To be 

I'm willin' to die for this shit
I done cried for this shit, might take a life for this shit
Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit
D-O-T my enemy, won't catch a vibe for this shit, ayy
I been stomped out in front of my mama
My daddy commissary made it to commas
Bitch, all my grandmas dead
So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy
Thirty millions later, know the feds watchin'
Auntie on my Telegram like, "Be cautious!"
I be hangin' out at Tam's, I be on Stockton
I don't do it for the 'Gram, I do it for Compton
I'm willin' to die for this shit, nigga
I'll take your fuckin' life for this shit, nigga
We ain't goin' back to broke, family sellin' dope
That's why you maney-ass rap niggas better know
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element

I'm allergic to a bitch nigga, ayy
An imaginary rich nigga, ayy
Seven figures ho, that's slimmer than my bitch figure, ayy
Goin' digital and physical on all y'all, ayy
Bunch of criminals and money in my phone calls, ayy
We okay, we let the A1 fly
Relocate, jump on the same G5
Checkin' for me heavy 'cause I go, yeah, I go, yeah
They never been ready, yeah, I know, yeah, know, yeah
100K spread across the floor, 'cross the floor, yeah
None of y'all fuckin' with the flow, yeah, the flow, yeah
Years in the makin', and don't y'all mistake it
I got 'em by a landslide, we talkin' about races
You know this'll never be a tie, just look at they laces
You know careers take off, just gotta be patient
Mr. One through Five, that's the only logic
Fake my death, go to Cuba, that's the only option
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element

Damned if I do, if I don't (Yuh)
Goddamn us all if you won't (Yuh)
Damn, damn, damn, it's a goddamn shame
You ain't front in line, get out the goddamn way

Niggas thought they wasn't gonna see me, huh?
Niggas thought that K-Dot real life
Was the same life they see on TV, huh?
Niggas wanna flex on me and be in L.A. for free, huh?
Next time they hit the 10 freeway, we need a receipt, huh?
'Cause most of y'all ain't real, most of y'all gon' squeal
Most of y'all just envy, but jealousy get you killed
Most of y'all throw rocks and try to hide your hand
Just say his name and I promise that you'll see Candyman
Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies
Most of y'all don't fade, most of y'all been advised
Last LP I tried to lift the black artists
But it's a difference 'tween black artists and wack artists
If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy
It's the one and only, the world's greatest, the Kid Capri
If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my 

H.O.C., H.O.C
All the real smokers get me H.O.C
All the real smokers get me H.O.C
H.O.C., H.O.C
All the real smokers get me H.O.C
H.O.C

Everybody know I spit that other shit
Shit that make you duck for cover shit
Shit that make you hop out your seat and slap your mother shit
Especially when Drop drop the beat
I drop jewels like my nuts dropped out of my briefs
Jump in the booth, then shatter every rapper's dream
They jump in a sauna because I killed their self-esteem
That's a jab, you should bob and weave
Like Pam when Martin pulled jokes out his sleeve
I go in studio sessions and feel like a nerd
'Cause I'm the only nigga there not smoking no herb
You telling me the kush make you think on level four?
I'm on five, you saying that I can level more?
In high school, my teachers thought I was smoking stress
Didn't know my eyes low cause of genetic defects
I stimulate my mind every time I think about the end of time
Creation of man, and Columbine
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke

Look, nowadays everybody think they're big chiefers
Just 'cause they heard that new tape from Wiz Khalifa
Knowing damn well they can't hit the sour
They're new booties, they probably need baby powder
My skill shower over your city for 40 days
40 nights, off the chain, like freedom of slaves
Before you get it twisted, like 40 gays
My flow worth the Earth, that's not to be appraised
Those the type of lines that I'm talking 'bout
You know the type of rhymes you don't talk about
Copy my session on a disc when the session ends
So my momma can have it and play it for her friends
Brag on me, like "My son's 'bout to win
Somehow, someday, and I don't care when"
I might hit the gin once a month
I'll let you inhale, like an atheist
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke

Uh, I'll take you back to the 9th grade
When Dough Boy had me high for 4 days
That's my nigga, he a street nigga
Probably in your hood, fucking up your street, nigga
But anyway I think it was some purple
Told me, "Don't hit it hard, because it'll hurt you"
I didn't listen, I was floating like the Rose Parade
Swear to God a nigga seen some flying fishes
That was the Vegas trip, Hooters sponsored
The same time I start writing like a fucking monster
I'm Frankenstein every time this mothafucker ponders
Just underline every letter, capital K, D-O-T
Laying it flat out, like a tire with slow leaks
Now what you 'bout? Nothing, huh?
Am I a square 'cause I don't puff a square?
Are my raps too blunt to hit the blunt? Yeah
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke

H.O.C., H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C (Bitch, I'm blowed!)
H.O.C., H.O.C (Bitch, I'm blowed!)
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
Where are we goin'?
Why are we slowin' down?
Where are you goin'?
We should be growin' 

He's starin' at me in disbelief
My temper is buildin', he's starin' at me, I grab my key
He's starin' at me, I started the car, then I tried to leave
And somethin' told me to keep it in park until I could see
The reason why he was mad at a stranger
Like I was supposed to save him
Like I'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor
He's starin' at me, his eyes followed me with no laser
He's starin' at me, I notice that his stare is contagious
'Cause now I'm starin' back at him, feelin' some type of disrespect
If I could throw a bat at him, it'd be aimin' at his neck
I never understood someone beggin' for goods
Askin' for handouts, takin' it if they could
And this particular person just had it down pat
Starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked
"Have you ever opened up Exodus 14?
A humble man is all that we ever need"
Tell me, how much a dollar cost?
It's more to feed your mind
Water, sun and love, the one you love
All you need, the air you breathe
Guilt trippin' and feelin' resentment
I never met a transient that demanded attention
They got me frustrated, indecisive and power trippin'
Sour emotions got me lookin' at the universe different
I should distance myself, I should keep it relentless
My selfishness is what got me here, who the fuck I'm kiddin'?
So I'ma tell you like I told the last bum
Crumbs and pennies, I need all of mines
And I recognize this type of panhandlin' all the time
I got better judgment, I know when nigga's hustlin', keep in mind
When I was strugglin', I did compromise, now I comprehend
I smell Grandpa's old medicine, reekin' from your skin
Moonshine and gin, nigga, you're babblin', your words ain't flatterin'
I'm imaginin' Denzel but lookin' at O'Neal
Kazaam is sad thrills, your gimmick is mediocre
The jig is up, I seen you from a mile away losin' focus
And I'm insensitive, and I lack empathy
He looked at me and said, "Your potential is bittersweet"
I looked at him and said, "Every nickel is mines to keep"
He looked at me and said, "Know the truth, it'll set you free
You're lookin' at the Messiah, the son of Jehovah, the higher power
The choir that spoke the word, the Holy Spirit
The nerve of Nazareth, and I'll tell you just how much a dollar cost
The price of having a spot in Heaven, embrace your loss—I am God"
I washed my hands, I said my grace
What more do you want from me?
Tears of a clown, guess I'm not all what it's all meant to be
Shades of grey will never change if I condone
Turn this page, help me change to right my wrongs


Now everybody serenade the new faith of Kendrick Lamar
This is King Kendrick Lamar
King Kendrick and I meant it, my point intended is raw
Fix your lenses forensics would've told you Kendrick had killed it
Pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us
And I mastered being the master at dodging your honor
And the chapter that read at 25 I would live dormant like five in the morning
They raid your spot while Kendrick's performing
And if they take everything, know I got

Compton, Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Ay, Dre what's happening wit' it, my nigga?
Still I'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic
Still I'm laughing at the critics talking, I can see 'em gagging
When I'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'bach
With a batch of them banging Dre Beats with me, look where I'm at
It's the murder cap and I'm captain at birthin' this gangsta rap
It's a wrap when I'm done and I come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
To a hundred mil' in a day, bitch I'm from
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
Compton, Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine

So come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman
Won't you spend a weekend on Rosecrans, nigga?
Khaki creasing, crime increasing on Rosecrans, nigga
Kendrick Conan, nigga
Where you sword at, hand on the cross and swore that
I do it big as Rasputia for them shooters
Kama Sutra scream fuck your position and make you hold that
I'm trying to stay grounded like four flats
But I know flats and Piru Crip tats

Will swarm on me like a beehive
Hop in the G ride
From the West to the Eastside
Know that's how Compton roll

And that's a given
I pass the blunt then pass the torch of course that's my decision
I crash the Porsche then you report that you see me in Benzes
I must report that we import the narcotics you bought it
Then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business
I blow up every time we throw up a record
Depending on what you expecting, I'm sure it's bigger than your religion
Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in
Compton, Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine

So tell that gangster throw his set high
Roll it up in a blunt, I'ma take you on the next high
I did exactly what I wanted that's what made them checks fly
In my direction, you never questioned when I said I
Would be a mogul before I visit 2Pac and Left-Eye
Eazy and Aaliyah when I see you we gon' test drive
A Lambo in heaven but for now I'm on the redeye
Flying back to my city cuz I'll forever standby

Compton, Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine

Now we can all celebrate
We can all harvest the rap artists of N.W.A
America target our rap market, as controversy and hate
Harsh realities we in made our music translate
To the coke dealers, the hood rich and the broke niggas that play
With them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay
Roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottles of rosé
This was brought to you by Dre, now every motherfucker in here say:
"Look who's responsible
For taking Compton international
I make 'em holla"
Ooh
Ayo, Just Blaze, good lookin' homie
Just Blaze
Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
In the city of Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Mom, I finna use the van real quick
Be back fifteen 

Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feel
Confidence in yourself, breakin' on marble floors
Watchin' anonymous strangers, tellin' me that I'm yours
But you ain't shit, I'm convinced your tolerance nothin' special
What can I blame you for? Nigga, I can name several
Situations, I'll start with your little sister bakin'
A baby inside, just a teenager, where your patience?
Where was your antennas? Where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of one-hundred-thousand but never reached her
I fuckin' tell you, you fuckin' failure, you ain't no leader
I never liked you, forever despise you, I don't need you
The world don't need you, don't let them deceive you
Numbers lie too, fuck your pride too, that's for dedication
Thought money would change you, made you more complacent
Fuckin' hate you, I hope you embrace it
See Kendrick Lamar LiveGet tickets as low as $76You might also like
I swear, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated

Loving you, loving you, not loving you, 100 proof
I can feel your vibe and recognize that you're ashamed of me
Yes, I hate you, too

(Loving you ain't really complicated) Housekeeping
Housekeeping (What I got to do to get to you?), ¡abre la puerta!
¡Abre la puerta, tengo que limpiar el cuarto! (To you)
¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo! ¡Tengo que limpiar el cuarto! ¡Disculpe! (Loving you ain't really complicated)
What I got to do to get to you?
To you, and—
And you the reason why mom and them leavin'
No, you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean it
I know you irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it
Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin' out
You was deserted, where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence? Where was your support that you pretend?
You ain't no brother, you ain't no disciple, you ain't no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit, or leave his best friend, little brother
You promised you'd watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitches
You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit
Guess you thought he'd recover well
Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed," you ain't try
I know your secrets, nigga, mood swings is frequent, nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons, nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin', nigga
Y'all damn near beefin', I see it and you're the reason, nigga
And if this bottle could talk
I cry myself to sleep, bitch, everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets, don't let me tell 'em to the world about that shit you thinkin'
And that time that— I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof
Should've killed yo' ass long time ago
You should've felt that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if these mirrors could talk, it'll say, "You gotta go"
And if I told your secrets, the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal 
