

Yeah, she said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
You might also like
I was on the way to your crib
Girl, I know you stay in Jersey, why you lie 'bout where you live?
Rarely ever leave Brooklyn, it's your ass that got me here
Got you arching, got you golden like we bringing back the Rib, oh my
What? I am losing grip, oh my...
Had to switch it up like Will Smith, oh my
Uh, girl, let's do that up and down
That's my elevator pitch
Hold that thought, like, where you go?
We unholy, better find the Pope
Fuck it, we can't even find our clothes
Honestly, it's probably under boxes of that Domino's, vámanos
You are not my girl, we just kinda close
I like it when you got your mouth open like you saw a ghost
Patrick Swayze, baby, let me lick you like a cantaloupe
Just don't be surprised in the morning when it's adiós (Yeah)

"Damn girl, I didn't even think you were gonna respond this late
I mean, you-you usually be curving a nigga, but, um... shit
Just stay up, give me like ten minutes, I just got to stop by the store
Grab some condoms and some Red Bull, just ten minutes, just ten minutes"

Yeah, she said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
She said she was down for that
She said she want rounds of that
Why don't we
Play something these hoes'll like? Drive whips I know they like
Twista, you told 'em, right? I can make you a celebrity overnight
Give you ice, like Kobe's wife, we sorta like Goldie, right?
The way we mold 'em right, I can make you a celebrity overnight
At the store, girl, what do you like? I got whiskey, do you got ice?
I am tipsy, do you want wine? Scratch all that, girl, do you want mine?
I'm outside, girl, pick up your phone, are you alone? Are your roommates home?
R&B and your favorite songs, turn it up so they don't hear you moan
I 

Intern aquarium, an aquarium full of interns
Most unpaid, never praised for their good work (Never)
Boss sent me across town pick up a package (Pick up a fucking package)
Little did he know, I be gone 'til November (I'm gone, my nigga)
Nigga, I got tracks to make, though I'm not Wyclef
Thought you were safe in your job, you flexing biceps (Niggas always flexing)
'Til you get fired on the set of your movie role
Life went straight to DVD inside your cubicle (Who's wrong now?)
So who really in the box, huh? (Huh?)
I am not punching in a clock, none (None)
I'm just working, certain that I'll show a certain person
That I can give her everything that I got, me (Gotta do it for me)
Searching for a purpose, I ain't even leave the surface
'Cause the truth is inside of what I am not, you (Not for you)
I do not waste time on what is not true (No)
Show me a critic who got a statue (Yeah)
I gotta go now, I can't stay here (Gotta, stay here)
I'm too stressed out, count all my gray hairs (Too fucking stressed)
Maybe I'm roadkill, they want me to lay here
Got two part-times 'cause they don't even pay here (Two part-time jobs)
I was just tryna make the flow pop (Yeah)
You were tryna fuck the new girl co-ops (Niggas is tryna fuck the interns)
Had to learn the game, I ain't making more stops
Wouldn't hand me the keys, so I'm breaking more locks
No, I'm not chilling, obsessed with my plan like a villain (No, yeah)
Play Piccolos on you Krillins, did it all for a feeling (It was all for a feeling)
Music is my penicillin
The sacrifice, yes, I was willing (I had to)
Interning all week, you swear I do this for me
I swear I do this for free, you swear I do this for me (It's free, my nigga)
Boss made me get him coffee: five sugars, extra sweet
Then passive-aggressive e-mails, 'cause I forgot the receipt
'Cause I forgot the receipts, nigga?
You might also like
Man...
(The receipts) I'm off this shit
Nigga, it's just a receipt, it's like, niggas is dying
And I'm- pssh- ugh...

Hey, Khare-y!
How you doing there, buddy? Good!
So, um, quick thing, real quick, not that quick
Kinda serious, not that serious, but kinda serious
This morning, you got me my coffee
Like I told you, like I hired you for
Thank you so much, little guy
But not only did you forget the milk!
But you also forgot to get a receipt
Yeah, let's not do that again, huh?
Let's not- not get receipts! Gotta get receipts!
It's-it's-it's a-it's a business, hehehahahaha!
Alright! So uh, you know, i-it's fine
Just don't- you know, just- you know
I know things slip through- you know, your mind
'Cause you don't, you know, you know-
But you're-you're part of this company, man
You're a big part, alright? You're important
You the coffee man, coffee boy
You a coffee boy!
P.S., Get a receipt next time...
...Or I'll fucking fire 

I've been working
All damn day
For about like
Two weeks straight
My boss is a
Fucking bitch
Matter fact
You can tell that ho I fucking quit!
I just got a dollar for a raise
What the fuck is this?
I can make more money on the train
Doing fucking flips
Barely got enough to go on break
Eat some fucking chips
And you always wonder why I'm late
For my fucking shift
I don't smile enough, I know
My shirt's never tucked, I know
You should write me up, I don't
Give a fuck about emails, about retail
When I'm not at work and I'm not clocked in
You can spare me them details
Don't care about your point of sale
I'ma be a rapper
Gi-Give me a year and I'ma be on, be on
See the the sign, yeah, neon, neon
Don't believe me, nigga, don't believe me
So many people I'ma shit and pee on
Folding shirts is not my dream
I don't know who you were kiddin'
How 'bout you suck my dick?
Call that my new position
I swear
You might also like
So I used to work retail, and-
I mean that shit fucking sucked
But, uh...
You'd have all these people
Move to New York to chase all their dreams
And they get so caught up and just
Settle for like some management position
But me
I always thought, "Fuck that"

I-I-I-I was searching for
A place that I can go, I can go
Place where I ain't got to feel no
Pain no more, pain no more
Hit the red eye in the morning
DK know, DK know
Leave that stressful shit behind
And save your soul, save your soul
Hope I don't run out of memories
Play Metal Gear Solid for hours, left animal crackers on couches
Spilt ketchup all over my outfit
We live for directed deposits
I hope I don't run out of Hennessy, 'cause the liquor eliminates problems
Drink 'til I'm numb and the past is forgotten
Swim in my thoughts, and
I drown out my conscience 'til I'm out of options
I'm second-guessing all my actions
Waiting for something better really happen
Steady giving out that good
You know the universe a magnet
Tried to organize the madness, only lead to more reactions
Only lead to my distractions
Only lead to my disaster
This exactly what happened, oh boy
Man, I thought my world ended
When she told us 'bout her sickness
Start to question my existence
I was praying for remission
But what kind of example
Would she be setting for her children?
Man, I wouldn't have my momma
If she ever thought of quitting
Glad she 