

It's funny how the media portrays things (Uh)
They really pushing hard for this gay thing (That's real)
And it's so wicked how they manipulate things
Can't even disagree without them making it a hate thing (Really?)
I say you wrong, and you holla "hate" instantly
But you say we the ones who don't tolerate differences (Oh)
There's a whole lot of things I could say, really
But, see, your hypocrisy is something I could paint vividly (Let's go)
Saying it's the way that you was born, and I'm sure
That you lust just like I do, just in a different form (Form)
But I'm married, so if I give into mine, I'm a cheater (Cheater)
If you give into yours, you just fight to make it legal (Freedom)
You'd rather fight God than fight sin
The Bible is alright until it calls what you like sin (Oh)
And I feel so disrespected that you were so desperate
You would compare your sexual habits to my skin (What?)
Calling it the new black, tell me, where they do that? (Uh)
They hung us like tree ornaments, where were you at? (Huh?)
They burned us for entertainment, you go through that? (Huh?)
Mom's raped in front of they kids while they shoot dad? (Ah)
Ever been murdered just for trying to learn how to read, bro? (No?)
Show of hands? (Ah) I ain't think so
So, quit comparing the two, it ain't the same fight
You can play straight, we can never play white
Using black people as pawns for your agenda
And these sell-out rappers who do whatever you tell 'em (Sell out)
Skirts on stages, campaigning for that black vote
Afraid to be blackballed, so they play that role (Ah)
You were never oppressed, the devil was a liar (Liar!)
The only thing oppressed was your sexual desire (That's all)
Keeping your desires oppressed is so lame to you
But when you get married, that's what you expect your mate to do (Right?)
It angers you if I compare you to a pedophile (Why?)
'Cause he's sick, right? (Really?) And you're better how? (Huh?)
("Man, I ain't choose this") You think he chose that?
("But, I was born this") Well, prove he wasn't born that (Uh)
But, you were never a girl, he was once nine
So, at one time in his life, it was just fine (That's what I'm saying though)
What makes your laws right? I'm not buying it
So, put 'em in that same trash can you threw that Bible in (They outdated!)
See how that cycle is? (See?)
Nobody wants to repent of they evil, so we all try justifying it (We all do)
And you say it's about rights, but you lying though
Domestic partnerships gave you rights a long time ago (Right?)
God created marriage, when He did, He defined it though
So, why is it you want what He created, but deny Him though? (Uh)
It's not wicked enough switching the definition? (Huh?)
You want it done by a Christian in a church he worships in? (Really?)
And that rainbow you using as a gay pride symbol (You stole that)
It represents a covenant with God, if you didn't know (Uh)
Check Genesis 9:13 for the info
Homie, the war is spiritual, you don't know what you in for (Indeed)
I ain't sayin' your sin's worse, but it is sin though (Yeah)
The Lord took the punishment for it all on Him though (Praise God)
We just gotta repent though, the problem is, if you don't call it sin
Then you walk as if there's nothing to repent for (That's scary)
Let's recap: We all wicked and desire sin
But imagine a world where no one kept their desires in
If something was called right, simply 'cause we desired it
When your right goes against my right, who's right'd win?
As for being born that way, I should never see y'all (See y'all)
Ever use a word like "retard" (Nope)
To describe someone who was born a little differently than we are (That's normal)
I guess Down syndrome really isn't a thing, y'all
What do we call yo' syndrome?
Oh, that term is offensive now when it hits home? (Oh)
So what gives you the right to call the way he was born a defect? (Huh?)
I call yours a defect, you feel it's dis-respect (Ha)
You don't believe in God? Hey, the universe says if we all gay
We either die off or have to do it God's way (Huh)
And God loves you, no matter what you struggle with (He does)
At least struggle though, don't just give up and quit (Don't quit)
Forget how you were born, we were all born in sin
But Christ died for your sin, you can be born again (Praise God for forgiveness, y'all)
We were all born in sin
But, Christ died so that we can be born again
You might also like
Hallelujah! And I never want to act like
All gay people are the same 'cause that's ignorant
But at the same time, what I won't allow you to do
Is paint this beautiful picture
Like we don't have people from the LGBT community out here
Running up in churches, disrupting services
Kissing on the pulpit, out here
Attacking old ladies, throwing crosses down and stomping 'em
Violently assaulting people
So don't take my most aggressive lines
That you know are to that group, and try to apply it
To the friendliest, loving-est gay person 'cause that's not the case
And to that struggling Christian right now
Struggling with homosexuality
Fight the good fight, soldier
No matter what anybody says, we all have different desires
We all are, are drawn towards different sin
And my desire might not be your desire
But I have a desire that's just as strong
For another sin
And I have to fight it, day in and day out, and sometimes, I win
And, sometimes, I lose, sometimes, I stand, sometimes, I fall
But fight the good fight, God is worth it
God bless you
No hate about it, I love 