

She was hungry, gave her Froot Loops
I'm the new Shaq, break the hoop
Seven feet, bitch look like hoops
She like "Please put me in the loop"
Wave the Glock like duck, duck, goose
How you got there, Nephew? I flew
How you didn't sleep? I boot
You wanna marry the trap? I do
I don't dance when I'm in the club
Lean back, hit the shoulder shrug
2.5 my dubs
All the jays know I show 'em love
Drive a white Beamer through the mud
Drag a lightskin bitch through the mud
Glock size as 42 Dugg
Usain Bolt, way I ran on the plug
Babygirl titty mosquito bite
She a real freak, how I like
Bust a good nut, high five
Line your ex man up for the night
I get drunker than Saint Patrick
My house got more rocks than Patrick
Glock bulgin' out, ain't gotta flash it
He from outta town so we taxed him
Cougar bitch look like Toni Braxton
Top shelf have you higher than Aladdin
You not a gangbanger, why you flaggin'?
BB belt, that's why my pants saggin'
Met her, same day, fucked her raw
Little Glock like a holocaust
Met her, same day, fucked her raw
Eazy-E'd be proud of me
Bobby Brown'd be proud of me
Young Thug'd be proud of me
NBA YoungBoy'd be proud of me
DMX'd be proud of me
Juice WRLD'd be proud of me too
We in here havin' a pill poppin' contest
Twelve hit the lights, I ate 'em
Slapped me in handcuffs, started Harlem shakin'
I got eight wives, as-salamu alaykum
She dutty wine on the dick like she Jamaican
Glock on my head, don't call me a Glock head
Bruce Lee on my head, don't call me a Lee head
Racks on my head, don't call me a rack head
Auntie ate more white bars than Pac-Man
Who you is? Demolition Man
Who you wanna be like? John Wick
I'll scream on it, Samuel L. Jackson
Shit get uglier than Michael Blackson
She like "Calm down, why you chattin'?"
I'll put your ass on the block list
Talk more shit than Katt Williams
Expose a nigga like Katt Williams
Slap you at Target like Katt Williams
I'll beat your kids like I'm Katt Williams
Got more fat bitches than Mike Epps
Niggas did one movie, now they in debt
P. Diddy ain't fuck with you, you upset
All I can think is rest in peace DMX
Rick Ross need to sit his ass down
I beat the work like G-Unit did Gunplay
I wish I could see SZA on the runway
I don't give a fuck 'bout the Botox on her face
I ain't never had a bitch like Jada Pinkett
They like "Who made this beat?" Brainstorm did it
Zaytoven a Jehovah Witness
I get to wavin' the stick like a wizard
Came up on oxtails and chicken gizzards
They say that Henny gon' fuck my liver
I still got beef with A. Boogie
I feel like Trayvon Martin in that hoodie
I feel like Lil B, suck my dick
With a Medicaid card, I just broke my wrist
Beyonce breath, I'ma talk my shit
Had twelve kids like Nick Cannon did
Slap the work like Uncle Elroy
BBL pockets on steroids
You wish you can get a beat from Brainstorm
Need to save your money and brainstorm
Need to tell your producer to give up
These beats hit, this beat's a uppercut
Label 'bout to drop you 'cause you wack as fuck
Payin' for features, tryna have 'em back you up
I don't wanna dap or slap you up
Your debut album was wack as fuck
I'll take your cover, wipe my ass with it
Break weed up on it, dump ashes on it
Take your mixtape and clean the toiletYou might also 