

You know I don't give a damn what you playing  right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak, lemme freak, Goddammit, lemme freak
Just lemme freak, please God, just lemme freak

The girl from the first verse
Somehow let me fuck
Fast forward, seven months, we in love
Some real serious relationship type shit
Despite this, I ain't fucked for days
Tried last night, but was pushed away
But I've been acting well behaved today
I smell okay, Adele Pandora's playing
Now she laying on the floor
And I'm praying this bitch is horny, I go and give her a smooch
She kissing Dicky back, so I play with her boobs
Bad move, she don't like that
Bad mood, her boss being mean to her
Via email, she wanna write back
I'm like, "Right now?"
She like, "Yeah, what do I say, can you just help me?"
"Oh, okay, what's the context?"
Then she like, "Well, he talks to Jane before coming to me"
"Who's Jane again?" I said,  she like, "Wow, you should know that..."
"Okay, I guess I forgot," she like, "Dude, that's my other boss"
"Okay, true, so shouldn't your first boss
Go to the other boss, before you? Right?"
"But Jane isn't hands-on!" she yelled
"Okay, well I just don't understand the dynamic then
I don't work with these people," she started crying
"Wait, stop, what the fuck is this?"
"Naw, you don't ever take my side"
About an hour later 'til I'm on her good side
We in bed, hands on her good thighs
I try to kiss, she like, "Goodnight" but I'm like
"Look, I just turned off The Departed for a movie 'bout a bee
I've been cutting back on farting, tweeting, arguing and weed
Yesterday I wore a cardigan at dinner with your sweet
And supportive aunt during the fourth quarter, of the Eagles
Now reward it"

You know I don't give a damn what you playing right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak, lemme freak, Goddammit, lemme freak
Just lemme freak, please God, just lemme freak

Fast forward some more, June 16th, 20-74
Old LD looking old as fuck, still with the same ho, holding up
But my life sucks, legs hurt, friends dead, real terse
My dick looking like it's tinfoil
Her tits looking like they hard-boiled eggs
On top of that, she insane
Like, I don't even think she knows who I am
Our kids moved away, we've been doing the same shit for days
Maybe months, who knows, probably gonna die soon
Pretty scared, I ain't even gonna lie to you
Think about it all day, on my last legs
But I'm going out with a bang
I got pills they invented back in '57
I took five, that's a bit excessive
I look high, take a look at my thighs
And good God that's a little erection, it'll work though
Now I've gotta find the ho, I'm pretty much blind at this point
I don't know if I mentioned that yet, but I am
Made my way into the bedroom and there she is, I'm like
"Look, I don't know if you're aware that
You've been throwing out my shoes
What I do know is, I'm sick of doing nothing here with you
All my blood is in my dick, I'm probably dying pretty soon
Are you even comprehending what I'm saying
Please acknowledge that you hear me..."

You know I don't give a damn what you playin' right now
This is me coming at you as a man right now
Lemme freak, lemme freak, Goddammit, lemme freak
Just lemme freak, please God, just lemme 