

Is it the clumpy way he walks?

Or the grumpy way he talks?

Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped weirdness of his feet?

And though we know he washes well
He always ends up sort of smelly

But you'll never meet a fellow who's as sensitive and sweet

So he's a bit of a fixer-upper
So he's got a few flaws

Like his peculiar brain dear
You might also like
His thing with the reindeer

That's a little outside of nature's laws

So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but this we're certain of
You can fix this fixer-upper up with a little bit of love

Can we please just stop talking about this?
We've got a real, actual problem here

I'll say
So tell me, dear

Is it the way that he runs scared?

Or that he's socially impaired?

Or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods
What?

Are you holding back your fondness
Due to his unmanly blondness?

Or the way he covers up that he's the honest goods?

He's just a bit of a fixer-upper, he's got a couple of bugs
His isolation is confirmation of his desperation for healing hugs
So he's a bit of a fixer-upper, but we know what to do
The way to fix up this fixer-upper is to fix him up with you

Enough!
She is engaged to someone else, okay?

So she's a bit of a fixer-upper

That's a minor thing
Her, quote, "engagement" is a flex arrangement

And by the way, I don't see no ring

So she's a bit of a fixer-upper, her brain's a bit betwixt
Get the fiancé out of the way and the whole thing will be fixed

We're not sayin' you can change him 'cause people don't really change
We're only saying that love's a force that's powerful and strange
People make bad choices if they're mad, or scared, or stressed
Throw a little love their way

Throw a little love their way

And you'll bring out their best
True love brings out their best

Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper, that's what it's all about

Father!

Sister!

Brother!

We need each other to raise us up and round us out
Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper, but when push comes to shove

The only fixer-upper fixer that can fix a fixer-upper is
True (True), true (True), true, true, true love (True love)
Love, love, love, love, love, love (True love), true

Do you, Anna, take Kristoff to be your troll-fully wedded husband?

Wait, what?

You're getting married

