

Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote (Know) (Against all odds)
Up in the studio gettin' blow
To the truest shit I ever spoke

21-gun salute, dressed in fatigues, black jeans and boots
I disappeared (Outlaw!) in the crowd, all you seen was troops
This little nigga named Nas think he live like me
He's talking 'bout he left the hospital, took five like me
You live in fantasies, nigga, I reject your deposit
We shook Dre punk ass, now he outta the closet
Mobb Deep wonder why a nigga blowed 'em out
Next time grown folks talkin', (Shut the fuck up) nigga, close your mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Don' seen too many real players fall to let these bitch niggas beat me
Puffy, let's be honest, (You a sucker ass nigga) you a punk or you will see me with gloves
Remember that shit you said to Vibe about me bein' a thug?
And you can tell the people you roll wit whatever you want
But you and I know what's goin' on (Don't you?)
Payback, I knew you bitch niggas from way back
Witnessed me strapped with MACs, knew I wouldn't play that
All you old rappers tryna advance
It's all over now, take it like a man (You trick ass square)
Niggas lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick (Look at De La Soul!)
Tryna player-hate on my shit, nigga, eat a fat dick
Let it be known, this is how you made me
Lovin' how I got you niggas crazy (Nigga)
You might also like
Against all odds, hopin' my thug motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote (Nigga)
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blow
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote

I heard he was light-skinned, stocky, with a Haitian accent
Jewelry, fast cars (Say his name) and he's known for flashin' (What's his name?)
Listen while I take you back (Nigga, say his name) and lace this rap
A real live tale about a snitch named Haitian Jack
Knew he was workin' for the feds (I knew it)
Same crime, different trials, nigga, picture what he said and did I mention?
Promised to payback, Jimmy Henchman, in due time
I know you bitch niggas is listenin', the world is mine (The world is mine, trick)
Set me up, wet me up, niggas stuck me up (I'm baaaack)
Heard the guns bust, but you tricks never shut me up (I'm baaaaaack)
Touch one of mine, on everything I own, I will destroy everything you touch
Play the game, nigga
All out warfare, eye for eye
Last words to a bitch nigga, "Why you lie?"
Now you gotta watch your back, now watch your front
Here we come, gunshots to Tut, now you stuck
Fuck the rap game, nigga, this M.O.B
So believe me, we enemies, I go against all odds (Trick made niggas, ain't no peace)
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio, gettin' blow
To the truest shit I ever spoke
I'm hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote (Y'all know) (Against all odds)

Puffy gettin' robbed like a bitch, to hide that fact
He did some shit he shouldn't have did, (You know what) so we ridin' for that
And that nigga that was down for me, rest the dead
Switched sides, guess his new friends wanted him dead
Probably be murdered for the shit that I said
I bring the real, be a legend, breathin' or dead
Lord, listen to me, God don't like ugly, it was written
Ayo Nas, your whole damn style is bitten (You sound like Rakim, man)
You heard My Melody, read about my life in the papers
All my run-ins with authorities, (Trick) felonious capers (Punk)
Now you wanna live my life, so what's a "chazzer," Nas?
Niggas that don't rhyme right, you've seen too many movies
Load 'em up against the wall, close his eyes
Since you lie, die, goodbye!
Let the real live niggas hear the truth from me (Hey)
What would you do if you was me? (Nigga)
Against all odds
Hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blow
To the truest shit I ever spoke
Against all odds, hopin' my true motherfuckers know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blow
To the truest shit I ever spoke; against all odds

21-gun salute, one love to my true thug niggas
(Outlaw! Outlaw! Outlaw!)
21-gun salute to my niggas that die in the line of duty
Representin' to the fullest, bein' soldiers with military minds
That play the rules of the game, 21-gun salute
I salute you, my niggas, stay strong
I ride for you, I rhyme for you, I roll for you, it's all for you
To all you bitch-made niggas, I'm comin' for you
Against all odds, I don't care who the fuck you is
You touch me, I'm at you
I know you motherfuckers didn't think I forgot
Hell nah, I ain't forgot, nigga
I just remember what you told me
You said don't go to war unless I got my money right
I got my money right nigga, now I want 

Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind (c'mon)

Our childhood years recall the tears, heart laced with venom
Smokin' sherm, drinkin' malt liquor — father, forgive 'em
Me and my girlfriend, hustlin'
Fell in love with the struggle
Hands on the steering wheel, blush while she bail out bustin'
Fuck 'em all, watch 'em fall screamin'
Automatic gunfire exorcisin' all demons
My mafioso messiah, my congregation high, Ready to Die
We bail out to take the jail back, niggas unite
Our first date, couldn't wait to see you naked
Touch you in every secret place
I could hardly wait to bust freely
Got you red-hot, you so happy to see me
Make the front page, prime time, live on TV
Nigga, my girlfriend, baby 45 but she still live
One shot make a nigga's heartbeat stop
You might also like
What?! I'm bustin' on you punk-ass niggas
Run, nigga, run! I'm on yo' ass, nigga
Run, nigga! Duck and hide
When I'm bustin' on all you bitches!
Run, nigga! Yeah, Westside!
Uh! Uh! Uh! Die, nigga, die!

My girlfriend blacker than the darkest night
When niggas act bitch-made she got the heart to fight
Nigga, my girlfriend, though we separated at times
I knew deep inside, baby girl would always be mine
Picked you up when you was 9
Started out my life of crime with you
Bought you some shells when you turned 22
It's true, nothin' compares to the satisfaction
That I feel when we out mashin'; me and my girlfriend

All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
I was too immature to understand your ways
Inexperienced back in the days
Caused so many arguments and strays
Now I realize how to treat you, the secret to keep you
Being faithful, ‘cause now cheating's lethal
We're closer than the hands of time
Deeper than the drive of mankind
I trust you dearly, I shoot blind
In time I clock figures, droppin' niggas as we rise
We all soldiers in God's eyes
Now it's time for war, never leave me, baby
I'm paranoid, sleepin' with you loaded by my bedside, crazy
Jealous when you hang with the fellas, I wait patiently alone
Anticipated for the moment you come home
I'm waitin' by the phone, this is true love, I can feel it
I've had a lot of women in my bed, but you the realest
So if you ever need me, call, I'll be there through it all
You're the reason I can stand tall: me and my girlfriend

All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
I love finger-fuckin' you, all of a sudden I'm hearin' thunder
When you bust a nut, niggas be duckin' or takin' numbers
Love to watch you at a block party, beggin' for drama
While unleashin' on the old-timers, that's on my mama
I would trade my life for yours, behind closed doors
The only girl that I adore, everything I'm askin' for
Talkin' to me, beggin' me to just take you around
Seventeen, like Brandy you just Wanna Be Down
Talkin' loud when I tell you be quiet
You move the crowd, bustin' rounds, activatin' a riot
That's why I love you so, no control, down to roll, unleash
After a hit, you break apart, then back to one piece
Much love to my one and only girlfriend, the world is ours
Just hold me down, baby, witness the power
Never leave a nigga alone, I love you black or chrome
Turn this house into a happy home: me and my girlfriend

All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Is me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Just me and my girlfriend
All I need in this life of sin
Me and my girlfriend
Down to ride to the bloody end
Me and my girlfriend

Lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this worldwind
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Doin' 85 when we ride
Trapped in this world of sin
Born as a ghetto child, raised in this whirlwind
Look for me, lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Lost in the whirlwind
'96 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my girlfriend
Me and my 

‘Just Like Daddy’ is a song that was done for the Outlawz album. ‘Pac was trying to teach us how to do some shit for the bitches… Read More 
Outlawz, go ahead, in this
No doubt
Death Row, Makaveli Records
You can call me daddy, uh
I'll be your daddy, that's right, uh
Just like Daddy
For the ladies
Hahaha

Come with me and in time we'll grow
Dedicating slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know you're happy, I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for you just like Daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away your pain
If ya trust me
Close your eyes, feel the magic
Never leave when you need me
I'll do you just like Daddy

I met her when she was younger
Real daddy died when she was younger
Her moms let her do what she please, an' seen no one loved her
Her eyes shined of love, a diamond in the rough
The kind that you could love; not yet touch, but so much, potential
Youngster let me guide ya mental
Into a place, where the sourness of pain you'll never taste
By God's grace, you was born with that face
Nothin' but pure beauty; so for an eternity, I feel it's my duty
To be a souljah (Souljah) yeah, baby got plans to mold ya
In the coldest nights is when I hold ya
Like I'm supposed to, as we roll closer
I'll take yo' hand gladly, anything you need, ask me
Supportin' my baby girl just like daddy
You might also like
To alleviate the stress, spendin' time wit' you, I feel blessed
When you gone, feel the pain so strong deep in my chest
When I got arrested, came so close to goin' to jail
Throwin' blows at the po-pos breakin' your nails
Screamin' loud goin' all out, damn, I did
You stayed locked down at Moms house, watchin' the kids
Through the whole bid in the V-I, I see you daily
While my fake homies try to fuck you, you run and tell me
That's why I stay committed, I thank God every time I hit it
Hopin' you'll forgive me for all the times I bullshitted
Me and you against the world, we untouchable
Screamin' like you dyin' every time I'm fuckin' you
You never had a father or a family, but I'll be there
No need to fear so much insanity, and through the years
I know you gave me your heart, plus
When I'm dirt broke and fucked up, you still love me

Come with me and in time we'll grow
Dedicating slow jams on the radio-oh why
Know you're happy, I can feel your passion
Lookin' out for you just like Daddy, come on
Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away your pain
If ya trust me
Close your eyes, feel the magic
Never leave when you need me
I'll do you just like Daddy
Boo, would ya die for me?
Down holdin' my pistol, gettin' high
With mean sounds tougher than bristles
But when you cry I'll be your tissue
Back in the county writin' letters, how I miss you
Givin' you credit, apologetic how I diss you
Kiss you for thinkin' like a mona and on a level
And sometime daddy ready to wine you and dine you
Relations with Toni and Tanya still, we right behind ya true
Life just me and you, no tellin' what we could do
Gettin' high between the sheets, make the shit right here discrete
Puttin' hickeys on your belly while we fuckin' on the beach
I love it when you nut up and grab me
I feel for you badly, baby girl, just like daddy

Shorty I lend my hand out ta help ya, lost soul lookin' for shelter
On late night accept it, treat ya good, won't disrespect ya
My age is young, out of place bitch calling days is done
From a trixy to a missy, you know I raised ya hun
Placed her under my wing and showed her how we swing
Now she rolling blunts for her king
One day labelled thug misses, the essence of my ghetto sisters
Hugs and kisses, that's just for me to be a father figure
(Just like Daddy) come with me and in time we'll grow
(Just like Daddy) Dedicate slow jams on the radio-oh why
(Just like Daddy, c'mon) Know you're happy, I can feel ya passion
Lookin' out for you just like Daddy, come on
(Just like Daddy) Sunshine turns to rain
Baby, I can take away your pain (Just like Daddy)
If you trust me
(Just like Daddy, come on) Close your eyes, feel the magic
Neva leave when you need me
I'll do you just like Daddy

C'mon
Throw your hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw your hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw your hands up
Put ya hands up
Put ya hands up
Throw your hands up
Where my sisters?
Where my sisters at?
Where my sisters?
Where my sisters at?
Where my sistas?
Where my sisters at?
Throw your hands in the air
Where my sisters?
Where my sisters at?
Where my sisters?
Where my sisters at?
Where my sisters?
Where my sisters at?
Throw your hands in the air
Come on
Yes
Yes, just like Daddy
Yes, throw ya hands in the air, come on
Outlawz in this motherfucker (Yes!)
No doubt!
Kadafi, Hussein, Makaveli, Napoleon, Marbles, EDI, Kastro, Khameleon, Storm, yeah, the bitch check
No doubt get yo money
Throw yo hands in the air
Yeah, just like Daddy baby
Know you got somewhere to go tonight
Cause you a thug nigga, thug nigga that loves niggas!
Hahahahahaha
Come on
Just like Daddy
Outlawz baby, Outlaws, Outlawz outlaw, outlaw
Throw your hands in the motherfuckin' 

Yeah, one thug, one thug
How do we keep the music playin'?
You're listenin' to the sounds of one thug
One thug, one thug, How do we get ahead?
You're listenin' to the sounds of…

I wake up early in the mornin', mind state so military
Suckers fantasizin' pictures of a young brother buried
Was it me, the weed or this life I lead?
If daytime is for suckers then tonight we breathe
Out for all that, knowin' that this world bring drawbacks
Look how they shiver once I deliver these raw raps
Meet me at the cemetery, dressed in black
Tonight we honor the dead, those who won't be back
So, if I die, do the same for me, shed no tears
An outlaw thug livin' in this game for years
Why worry? Hope to God, get me high when I'm buried
Knowin' deep inside only a few love me
Don't rush me to the gates of Heaven
Let me picture for a while, how I lived for my days as a child
I wonder now, how do we outlast?
Always get cash, stay strong if we all mash; hold ya head!
You might also like
How do we keep the music playin'?
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? Hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast

These felonies be like prophecies
Beggin' me to stop ‘cause these
Lawyers gettin' money every time they knock us
Snatchin' pockets lyrically, suckers flee when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli, half the rap game ghost
Exposed foes with my hocus-pocus flows, they froze
Now suckers idolize my chosen blows
And mo' money mean litigatin', mo' playa hatin'
Got a cell at the pen' for me waitin'—is this my fate?
Miss me with that misdemeanor thinkin', me fall back?
Never that, too much Tequila drinkin', we all that
Make them understand me? Hell nah, this ain't my posse
Everyone with me is family, ‘cause everybody's got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision, this life we livin'
Got us all meetin' up in prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog, written in blood
Sayin', "Please show a playa love"—hold ya head! (Hold it!)
How do we keep the music playin'?
You got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? Come on, hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast
The weed got me tweakin' in my mind, I'm thinkin'…

God bless the child that can hold his own
Indeed, enemies bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last to my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation in this world of greed
Currency means nothin' if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy, take the game from me
I hope for better days, trouble comes naturally
Runnin' from authorities 'til they capture me
And my aim is to spread mo' smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe Mama had it all right, rest yo' head
Tradin' conversations all night, bless the dead
To the homies that I used to have that no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus nobody knows my soul, watchin' time pass
Through the glass of my drop-top Rolls; hold ya head!
How do we keep the music playin'?
You got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead? C'mon, hold ya head!
Too many young black brothers are dyin'
Yes, hold ya head!
Livin' fast, too fast
You got to hold ya head!
How do we keep the music playin'?
Yes, you got to hold ya head!
How do we get ahead?

No matter how hard it get, feel me? (Come on)
Get the weed, drink a drink, read a book
Watch the stars, get some 

Puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Oh yeah, I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lah
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Oh yeah, I feel crazy
(Tell 'em about it!)

Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Bumpin' my head against the wall, learnin' right from wrong
They say my ghetto instrumental detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me for the outcome, ban my records – check it
Don't have to bump this, but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned it to a plus, now they stuck livin' blinded
Hennessy got me feelin' bad, time to stop drinkin'
Rollin' in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin'?
Sittin' in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way, but still I got so far to go
Dear Mama, don't worry, I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu that I love her, but it's hard today
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak – all I heard was…
You might also like
Time goes by, puffin' on lah
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
(One, two, three, four)

I see Bloods and Crips runnin' up the hill
Lookin' for a better way
My brothers and sisters, it's time to bail
‘Cause even thug niggas pray
Hopin' God hear me, I entered the game, look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent – casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
When I gave her the keys to her own house, "This yo land
Your only son done became a man"
Watchin' time fly, I love my people, do or die
But I wonder why we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
Mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga, get paid!"
No one can understand me – the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin' heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he die, I can hear him say, c'mon... (Thug Life, baby! I heard that nigga say...Westside!)
Time goes by, puffin' on lah
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy
Time goes by, puffin' on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy
Crazy, crazy, crazy
I feel crazy (crazy)

God, help me out here (help me God!), ‘cause I'm possessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
This money's like a strong prescription drug, it's got me addicted
To the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin' about the paper with the pictures of the President's head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin' plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin' money ‘cause it's cursed
Makin' money makes a difference day by day
So I gotta stay paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin' to live
No matter how hard you try, it's in death, you gotta die
A lot of my peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life do 'em right or did life leave 'em dumb?
Who has the answers? I wonder, I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell ya
Or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) ‘Cause they don't even know
A million things run through my mind (Through my mind)
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin' time
(You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin' time)
(Remember this too)
Time goes by, puffin' on lah
Hopin' that it gets me by
Got a nigga goin' crazy
I feel crazy (Crazy)
Time goes by, puffin' on lah
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' crazy

I feel fucked up in this bitch
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate Thai, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha
All that shit!
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker
And Hennessy don't help
And Hennessy don't help
Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin' it down to the fullest
Maximum overload
3 Day Theory, Killuminati to your body
With the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

One time for my niggas in the jail cells
(One time for my niggas locked up)
One time for my niggas doin' life in Hell
(One time for my niggas and shit, one time)
One time for my niggas in the jail cells (One time)
One time for my niggas doin' life in Hell
(One time for my niggas locked down)
One time for my niggas on Death Row
(One time for my niggas on the Row)
For my niggas on Death Row
One time for my niggas livin' broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.)
One time for my niggas livin' broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggas in the jail cells
(Get high, puffin' on lah)
Wonder if it get me high, 

Dear sister, got me twisted up in prison, I miss you
Cryin', lookin' at my niece's and my nephew picture
They say don't let this cruel world get ya
Kinda suspicious, swearin' one day you might leave me
For somebody that's richer
Twist the cap off the bottle, I take a sip and see tomorrow
Gotta make it if I have to beg or borrow
Readin' love letters; late night, locked down and quiet
If brothers don't receive they mail, best believe we riot
Eatin' Jack-Mack, starin' at the walls of silence
Inside this cage where they capture all my rage and violence
In time I learned a few lessons, never fall for riches
Apologies to my true sisters, far from bitches
Help me raise my Black nation, reparations are due
It's true, caught up in this world I took advantage of you
So tell the babies how I love them, precious boys and girls
Born black in this white man's world
(And all I heard was)
You might also like
Who knows what tomorrow brings
(In this white man's world)
In this world where everyone's blind?
(Born black, in this white man's world)
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
To let you know that you're not alone

Only thing they ever did wrong (Yes, yes)
Was bein' born black (No doubt), in this white man's world
All my ghetto motherfuckers, be proud to be black if you proud to have this shit like this
'Cause ain't nobody got it like this
(All my little black seeds, born black in the white man's world)
All these motherfuckers wanna be like us
They all wanna be like us, to be the have-nots: all hail
God bless the child that can hold his own, no motherfuckin' doubt

Bein' born with less, I must confess, only adds on to the stress
Two gunshots to my homie's head, died in his vest
Shot him to death and left him bleedin' for his family to see
I pass his casket, gently askin', is there a heaven for G's?
My homeboy's doin' life, his baby mama be stressin'
Sheddin' tears when her son finally ask that questions
Where my daddy at? Mama, why we live so poor?
Why you cryin'? Heard you late night through my bedroom door
Now, do you love me, mama? Why they keep on callin' me nigga?
Get my weight up with my hate and pay 'em back when I'm bigger
And still thuggin' in this jail cell, missin' my block
Hearin' brothers screamin' all night, wishin' they'd stop
Proud to be black, but why we act like we don't love ourselves?
Don't look around, buster (You sucker)
Check yourselves
Know what it means to be black, whether a man or girl
We still strugglin' in this white man's world
Who knows what tomorrow brings
(Born black in this white man's world)
In this world where everyone's blind?
(In this white man's world)
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
(In this white man's world)
To let you know that you're not alone

We must fight for brother Mumia
We must fight for brother Mutulu
And we must fight for brother Ruchell Magee
We must fight for brother Geronimo Pratt
We must fight for Frankie Moore, Zulu, Kofi
We must fight for the countless political prisoners
Who are locked up falsely by this white man

So, tell me why you changed to choose a new direction
In the blink of an eye?
My time away just made perfection
Did you think I'd die?
Not gon' cry, why should I care?
Like we holdin' onto lost love that's no longer there
Can you please help me?
God bless me, please keep my seeds healthy
Makin' all my enemies bleed while my G's wealthy
Hopin' they bury me with ammunitions, weed and shells
Just in case they trip in Heaven—ain't no G's in Hell
Sister, sorry for the pain that I caused your heart
I know I'll change if you help me, but don't fall apart
Rest in peace to Latasha, Lil' Yummy, and Kato
Too much for this cold world to take, ended up bein' fatal
Every woman in America, especially black
Bear with me, can't you see that we under attack?
I never meant to cause drama to my sister and mama
Hope we make it to better times, in this white man's world
Who knows what tomorrow brings
In this world where everyone's blind?
And where to go, no matter how far, I'll find
To let you know that you're not alone

You're out of touch with reality
There are a few of you in a few smoke-filled rooms calling that the mainstream, while the masses of the people, white and black, red, yellow, and brown, poor and vulnerable are suffering in this nation

Never that, in this white man's world, they can't stop us
We've been here all this time
They ain't took us out, they can never take us out
No matter what they say, about us bein' extinct
About us bein' endangered species
We ain't never gon' leave this
We ain't never gon' walk off this planet
Unless y'all choose to
Use your brain, use your brain
It ain't them that's killin' us, it's us that's killin' us
It ain't them that's knockin' us off
It's us that's knockin' us off
I'm tellin' you better watch it, or be a victim
Be a victim, in this white man's world
Born black, in this white man's world, no doubt
And it's dedicated to my motherfuckin' teachers
Mutulu Shakur, Geronimo Pratt, Mumia Abu Jamal
Sekou Odinga, all the real OG's, we out

The seal, and the constitution, reflect the thinking of the founding fathers, that this was to be a nation by white people; and for white people, Native Americans, Blacks, and all other non-white people were to be the burden bearers, for the real citizens of this 

Why explain the game?
Niggas ain't listenin', stuck in positions if victims can't stand the heat, then stay the fuck out the kitchen
Half these busters switchin', lookin' at me mean, itchin'
Givin' suckers plenty space, have these bitch niggas snitchin'
Where are we now, guns found daily
The Feds trail me in hopes that they could finally nail me
For sellin' dope, they backwards make the track burst
Whenever I rap, attack
Words been known to explode on contact
Extreme at times, blinded by my passion and fury
Look at me laugh at my competition's flashin' my jewelry
You'd stay silent if you niggas knew me, truly effective
The shit you heard ain't do me justice, got a death wish, bitch
Run, but face being traced, by the infrared beam
It seems niggas ain't recognize my team
Ain't nobody holdin' you back
Explode the track to confetti
Unload it, 'cause niggas ain't ready
The life of an outlaw
You might also like
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand

Code 3: attack formation, pull out your pistols
Keep an eye out for the devils 'cause they itchin' to get you
Merciless madman, screamin' kamikaze in tongue
Automatic gunfire, makin' all my enemies run
Who should I call when I'm shot and bleedin'?
Indeed a possibility that's part of chasin' cream
Dope got me hatin' fiends
Scheme with my team, just a chosen few
My foes victim of explosives, come closer exhale the fumes
We got memories, fadin' fast
A slave for cash accelerate, mash, blast, then dash
Don't look now! How you like it, raw?
Niggas ain't ready for the wrath of the Outlawz
Never surrender, death before dishonor, stay free
I'm thugged out, fuck the world 'cause this is how they made me
Scarred but still breathin' believe in me
And you could see the victory, a warrior in jewels, will you picture me?
Life of an outlaw
In the life we live as thugs (No doubt)
Everybody fuckin' with us (Yes!), so can't you see (Life of an outlaw)
It's hard to be a man (Soldiers in position, attack formation)
Ridin' with my guns in hand
(No retreat, no surrender)

City under siege, it's like I can't even breathe
I'm from the state of car thieves G.E.D. from the streets
Plenty beef I play for keeps, arrange the whole crime scene
Mobb peep! They sneak up from behind tryin' to creep
No halfs with no straps, jack, it's on to bounce back
An ounce of wrath so bad, it snatched my style on death
Tell the gripper I was sent to get ya, snip with clippers
Get the picture, I wrote my life down as a scripture

And still I'm lost in the land of the lonely where ain't nobody holy
A matter of a fact, we unholy Everybody livin' soley
For themselves, too high strung to lend help
To somebody who be needin' it
You know we lost hope and he needin' it
But the evil it's forever
But I'm rappin' low down, scandalous like a tramp is
All for the street fame on how to be managed
To plan shit 6 months in advanced to what we plotted
Approached the goal on swole and now I got it
Uh, I crack my window, knowin' they'd love to catch Kastro sleepin'
Attach a strap under my pillow, hand to hand like we freakin'
Creepin' deep into the mornin'
Peepin' out the weak while they yawnin'
And let my clout speak for itself
No doubt, outlaw, outta my mind outta time you're all blind
Some kind of life of mine if K-Dog don't mind
Findin' it funny, matter of fact, 'cause it is perhaps
Finally I'll adapt to it, over the years as an outlaw

Ayy Napoleon
What's up, nigga?
Would you die for me, nigga?
Hell yeah
Would you kill for me, nigga?
On my grandmother, nigga
Ayy, yo
What's up
Let's ride on them stupid bitches right now
Watch out

Well, now they all say that vultures and parasites
Snakes are all alike, thug life break night
Drink 'til we fist fight, life or death
But you can't win with a vest
Won't be no breathin' for the reason, punk bitch on your breath
I see day is dark, and I admit it's dark
So chase on the ave., hide your stash, beware from them marks
Ayy yo, Makaveli, give me them bullets that was left up in your belly
And let me bust back to them niggas 'til they all cold and sweaty

In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in hand
In the life we live as thugs
Everybody fuckin' with us so can't you see
It's hard to be a man
Ridin' with my guns in 

The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin' war we got
My other Capo in this big-ass
Conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who we hear comin' through right now?
Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

Lord have mercy, Father help us all
Since you supplied your phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversating, we relaxing, kicking back
Got you curious for thug passion, now picture that
Tongue-kissing, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you moving in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweating up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespecting when I tongue-kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect?
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, getting busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your hips and glide?
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got you lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shaking, back-breaking
When we're tossing it up
You might also like
Feel this baby, I like the way it's going down
When nobody's around, slip-slide ride
Giving me that nice smile
The thing I like, what I want to give all night
You and me alone, everybody's gone, toss it up
Baby let's get it on!
I like the way you please me, baby
The sexy way you tease me, shorty
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body's hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me
I like the way you give it to me, baby

I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up

Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Play on, play on, play on, play on
Oh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm, that want you lady
Oh, don't act so shady
Baby, your taste is fine as gravy
The way you move that thing
You make me wanna sing
Girl, you make my bells ring
Make them go ting-a-ling!
Nasty man, I'm here again
Don't want it to ever end
It's feeling too good
Give me some more, oh lady, lady
Your body the kind I like, a
Big booty, titillating delight
Back it up, yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me

I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
I like the way you give it to me
Let me see you toss it up
So won't you play on
How do you want it? What's your phone number? I Get Around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin' for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin' child's play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alizé
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Laugh at you suckers 'cause you similar
Pretending to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screaming, "Compton!", but you can't return, you ain't heard?
Brothers pissed 'cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, 'cause we untouchable
Still can't believe that you got Pac rushing you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust? Only time reveals
Toss it up

On and on, yeah, and on
Let me see you toss it up (Toss it up)
Won't you toss it up (Yeah, no doubt)
Won't you toss it up, yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Play on player, play on
Yeah (Let me see you toss it up)
Let me see you toss it up
How can some non-players do a song about tossin' it up, do a player song?
(Ay Lil' Kim, you ain't little no more, you ain't check the weight scale lately have you?)
How can non-players do that?
(You are not little Kim, you fat bitch, get it straight)
(You know who I'm talkin' 'bout)
Teddy Riley?
Who?
Puffy, I read your little interview (Who?) buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touching us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street, boy
It's on! Toss it up, we took you on
And we took y'all beat (Toss it up)
You know who beat we took, and we took y'all beat
'Cause you wasn't rocking it right! (Toss it up now)
Tired of suckers rocking beats that don't belong to them, toss it up, it's on, it's out there now, it's our beat now
Yeah, toss it up 

2Pac, don't start that blasphemy in here!
Makaveli, the new breed
And I remember what my pops told me
The new word, follow me
Remember what my pops told me

My family tree consists of drug dealers, thugs and killers
Strugglin', known to hustle, screamin', "Fuck their feelings!"
I got advice from my father, all he told me was this:
"Nigga, get off your ass if you plan to be rich!
There's ten rules to the game, but I'll share with you two
Know niggas gon' hate you for whatever you do
Now, rule one: get your cash on, M.O.B.
That's Money Over Bitches, 'cause they breed envy
Now, rule two is a hard one: watch for phonies
Keep your enemies close, nigga, watch your homies"
It seemed a little unimportant, when he told me, I smiled
Picture jewels bein' handed to an innocent child
I never knew, in my lifetime, I'd live by these rules
Initiated as an Outlaw, studyin' rules
Now, papa ain't around, so I gotta recall
Or come to grips with bein' written on my enemy's walls
Promise if I have a seed, I'mma guide him right
Dear Lord, don't let me die tonight
I got words for my comrades, listen and learn
Ain't nothin' free, give back what you earn
No doubt, gettin' higher than a motherfucker, bless me, please
This Thug Life'll be the death of me
Come on, yeah
You might also like
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my pops told me
Blasphemy!

Nuffa dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holdin' my bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the Lord in vain
(blas-blas-blasphemy, blasphemy)
(Remember what my pops told me)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain
We probably in Hell already, our dumb asses not knowin'
Everybody kissin' ass to go to Heaven ain't goin'
Put my soul on it, I'm fightin' devil niggas daily
Plus the media be crucifyin' brothers severely
Tell me I ain't God's son; nigga Momma a virgin
We got evicted, had to leave the 'burbs
Back in the ghetto, doin' wild shit
Lookin' at the Sun don't pay
Criminal mind all the time, wait for Judgment Day
They say Moses split the Red Sea
I split the blunt and rolled a fat one up, deadly
Babylon beware, comin' for the Pharaoh's kids
Retaliation, makin' legends off the shit we did
Still bullshittin' niggas in Jerusalem waitin' for signs
God comin', she's just takin' her time (Haha!)
Livin' by the Nile, while the water flow
I’m contemplatin' plots, wonderin' where the thought’ll go
Brothers gettin' shot, comin' back resurrected
It's just that raw shit, nigga, check it (That raw shit)
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my poppa told me
Blasphemy!

Nuffa dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holdin' my bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the Lord in vain
(Remember what my pops told me)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain
(What!)

The preacher want me buried, why? 'Cause I know he a liar
Have you ever seen a crackhead? That's eternal fire
Why you got these kids' minds thinkin' that they evil?
While the preacher bein' freaky, you say, "Honor God's people"
Should we cry when the Pope die? My request:
We should cry if they cried when we buried Malcolm X
Mama, tell me: am I wrong? Is God just another cop
Waitin' to beat my ass if I don't go pop?
Memories of a past time, givin' up cash to the leaders
Knowin' damn well they ain't gonna feed us
In my brain, how can you explain time in B.C.?
It's hard enough to live now in these times of greed
They say Jesus is a conman
Well, he should understand times in this crime land
My thug nation, do what you gotta do but know you gotta change
Try to find a way to make it out the game
I leave this and hope God can see my heart is pure
Is Heaven just another door? I leave this here
I leave this and hope God see my heart is pure
Is Heaven just another door? And my people say
Nuffa dem dat steal in the name of da Lord
Dem a tell nuff lie, but holdin' my bird in a cloud
(Remember what my pops told me)
Using the name of the Lord in vain
(Can't I remember what my poppa told me, blasphemy)
While de people in de ghetto feel nuff pain
Our Father, who art in Heaven
Hallowed be Thy name
Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done
In Earth as it is in Heaven
Give us today our daily bread
And forgive us our debts
As we forgive our debtors
Lead us not into temptation
But deliver us from evil
For God is the kingdom and the power
And the glory forever and ever and 

It's not about East or West
It's about niggas and bitches
Power and money, ridaz and punks
Which side are you on?
*Heartbeat* *Gunshots*
*Encroaching footsteps*
These niggas is still fuckin' talkin'?
You niggas still breathin'? Fuckin' roaches
A'ight, it's the Raid on cockroaches
Punk motherfuckers, this is it (Makaveli The Don)
Killuminati Style (All day) (Up in your ass)
(Bomb first) (Outlaw Ridahz) Solo shit, bring it!

Allow me to introduce first: Makaveli the Don
Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like The Holy Qur'an
Niggas get shook like 5-0
My .45 is next to me when we ride, for survival
Money-makin' plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets
Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it
Expose snakes ‘cause they breed freely
See me rise, located worldwide like the art of graffiti
I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty
Born on a dope fiend's titty, huh, in every city
You'll find me, look for trouble right behind me
My Outlaw niggas down to die for me, nah'mean?
I hit the scene, niggas duckin' from my guillotine stare
I'm right there, my every word a fuckin' nightmare
Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall
This for my dogs, down to die for y'all
Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in ’em
Cut ’em down, to Hell is where we send ’em
My whole team trained to explode, ride or die
Murder motherfuckers lyrically and I'm not gon' cry
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heater
Two big pits, I call them "my bitch-nigga eaters"
And not a whimper until I'm gone
Thug Life runnin' through my veins so I'm strong
Bye, bye, bye, let's get high and ride
Oh, how do we do these niggas, but I'm not gon' cry
I'm a Bad Boy killer, Jay-Z die too
Lookin' out for Mobb Deep, nigga, when I find you
Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe
How many niggas down to die for me? Yay-yay!
West Coast rider, comin' right behind ya
Should have never fucked with me
I want money, hoes, sex and weed
I won't rest until my road dog's free – bomb first
You might also like
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
We ain't even come to fight tonight
But it's my life or your life, and I'ma bomb first

For so many days, in so many ways we've been duckin' strays
They delivers, but still we some Bad Boy killers
Got nuttin' to lose, I gots nowhere to go
I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row
With Outlawz, it's Makaveli be the general
And I be a soldier on a mission, sent to do what you'll never do
And that's ride for the cause, yes, I'll die for the cause
You best believe, if I'ma leave this bitch, yo I'm dyin' with yours
Kamikaze, sicker than a ma'fuckin' Nazi
Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi"
If you ain't in this rap game for the motherfuckin' cash, mane
Then what is your motherfuckin' purpose? None can serve us
E.D.I. Mean, born worthless
That's until the day, I decided to bomb first, bitch (Biatch!)
Come on, bring it, down with it!
(We ride)
Come on, bring it
(Bomb first when we ride)
Hey, get that nigga!

Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin' patent leather
Causin' massive terror, y'all niggas lack, you ain't thorough
Half rapper, half drug kingpin, you're tellin' fairy tales, dunn
"King of New York" like you the motherfuckin' one?
But I'm from Jers', we don't play that shit
From the Clair down to Newark Bricks all my niggas flippin’ chips
Gettin’ rich, even though it's hard
Tryna creep through these halls and brawls without scarred by a revolve'
With no warning signs, ‘cause yo, my man took five
Now I'm the youngin with the 9 ready to put in my time

Shoot first, look at their head, burst bleeding
Don't want to hear no shit this evening, believe me

We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, but bomb first
We bomb first when we ride
Please reconsider 'fore you die
G's and thug niggas on the rise
Plan, plot, strategize, and bomb first
Let us pray, my nigga
'Cause we definitely have 