

Rockin' around the Christmas tree
At the Christmas party hop
Mistletoe hung, where you can see?
Every couple try to stop (Come on, Melly-pops)
Rockin' around the Christmas tree
Let the Christmas spirit ring
Later, we'll have some pumpkin pie
And we'll do some caroling (Pumpkin pie anyone?)
You might also like
You will get a sentimental feeling, when you hear?
Voices singing, let's be jolly
Deck the halls with boughs of holly

Rockin' around the Christmas tree
Have a happy holiday (This is so corny)
Everyone's dancin' merrily
In the new old-fashioned way

Wow, I am in the most almighty Christmas groove
I haven't had this much fun
Since "Two little boys" was number one
If my friends could see me now
How do I look?
Ridiculous (In the new old-fashioned way)
You little tease
A dance, Kimberley?
I do love a nice sax break
Yeah, me too Kim, but let's wait till the record's over (Hahahahaha)
Kim, do you think our love will last forever?
No
Couple of years maybe?
No
Do you think we'll make it to the end of the record?
How long is that exactly?
Hmm
You will get a sentimental feeling, when you hear? (All together now)
Voices singing, let's be jolly
Deck the halls with boughs of holly
(Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la, la, la) Excuse me, can I sing something now?
Get lost, Griff
Well, that's nice

Rockin' around the Christmas tree
Let the Christmas spirit ring (Root beer anyone?)
Later, we'll have some pumpkin pie
And we'll do some carolling (There's plenty of pumpkin pie left by the way)
Rockin' around the Christmas tree
Have a happy holiday (Do you mind, Melvin?)
Everyone's dancin' merrily
In the new old-fashioned (Old-fashioned) way

Wow, yeah, that was fantastic
Very nice
Let's do it again! One, two, three, four (Strewth), five!

Rockin' around the Christmas tree, have a happy holiday (He overdid it with the pumpkin pie)
Everyone's dancin' merrily
In the new old-fashioned (Old-fashioned) way
Merry Christmas, everybody!
Merry Christmas, everybody! (Hahahahahahahahahaha)
Bye, Mel! It's been really interesting
Oh
I'll tell you, who I fancy for Christmas?
Who's that?
Bananarama
Yeah, can't help you there, I'm afraid
Oh, thanks a 