

(DOOM): Has the laser cannon been loaded?
(DOOM Crony): Everything has been prepared as you ordered. But how did you get permission to return to New York, Master?
(DOOM): Through the efforts of a misguided... fool
(J. Jonah Jameson): It's free enterprise! And I'm not gonna let some blasted government bureaucrat tell me how to run my business!
(Jameson Employee): But DOOM—
(J. Jonah Jameson): Will be my guest on my private estate on Long Island! There's nothing you can do about it!
(Jameson Employee): He's dangerous, I just hope you know what you're doing
(J. Jonah Jameson): Don't I always? Ah, there's DOOM's jet! Right on time
(Peter Parker): Why is it so cold down here?
(Robbie Robertson): Uh–the heat went out in the whole building
(Betty Brant): Warm enough out there on Long Island with DOOM
(Peter Parker): DOOM? Here in New York?!
(Robbie Robertson): Yes, DOOM, has an amazing new machine...
(DOOM): Get the president of the United States on the phone
(J. Jonah Jameson): How long is all this gonna take, DOOM?
(DOOM): I would not advise you to repeat that error
(J. Jonah Jameson): Sure... I know what you 

I strive to be humble, lest I stumble
Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with its mumbo
Sauce, Tyson is a fowl holocaust
Hitler gassed your whole head up with poultry, I'm fed up
Ignore Cordon Bleu, stand up, get up
Lunge for your knife, don't forget your potholders
(Hot shit)

What, these old things? About to throw 'em away
With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like OJ
Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay
Emcees is crabs in the barrel, pass the Old Bay
Hot as hell and it's a cold day, innit?
Working on a way that we can roll away tinted
Some say the price of holding heat is often too high
You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy
The one that's too fly to eat shoo pie
(Never too busy) Never too busy when it comes down to you and I
(Swear to God) A lot of niggas wish to die
They need to hold their horses, there's bigger fish to fry
You're on the list, if not, pick a number spot
Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumbaclaat
I coulda had a V-8
F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight
Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy
That night they tried to rush me – Dwight, pass the dutchie
So I can calm down, so they don't get it twisted
Take it from the fireside, it won't get blistered
Got it – what happened? Oh, it's not lit
These Metal Fingers be holding (Hot shit)
You might also like
When I was four, I penned "God Was Born In New York"
Back in '77, still got nan in the crescent
The effervescence of God's presence is thick
Unlike vapor, Esther Rolle, extra raw, word to the baker
Peace to the hardworkin' gingerbread makers
Looked her up and down, said, "Hmm, too much makeup"
Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up
Rappers don't blow up, heads do (Aww, shit)
My name is Dwight Spitz, I'm a sonic addict
I use to think it was merely a nagging habit
Born under a bad sign, I'm serious about this curse of mine
I strive to flip it into fine wine
"Barely born a virgin" is what the stars said
Black not white, red all over though, like Elmo
28 years have passed, I feel I'm peaking
I make music every weekend
It's a chore, a fact of life, a labor of love
I get mad love, but I detest the labor
And its wages—you know, death?
I'm servin' life from this gift of God
Don't forget your potholders, my niggas

(More hot..)
(More hot shit)
(More hot shit)
A short time 

Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh

Type profile low (Low), like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastic, long dough like elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown-nosin' nigga, fake ass bastard
Admirin' my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plottin', plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me, 'cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like an old accordion
Accordin' to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire, testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican
You might also like
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years (Uh)
Rap snitches, tellin' all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here (Right here)
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years

True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Runnin' up they mouth bill, everybody doubtin' still
Informer, keep it up and get tested (Pop through)
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast (To New York)
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East (Middle East)
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinnin'
Like sittin' on twenty threes to get the squealers grinnin'
Hittin' on many trees, feel real linen
Spittin' on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (Pap!)
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mm, delicious, rap snitch knishes
You know'm sayin'? (It's terrible)
It's crazy, man, I'm just analyzin' this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitchin'
Tellin' on they own self (It's a horror, yo)
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man (Atrocities)
Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootleggin'
Fake hustlin' nigga, heheheheheheheheheh, huh, hehehehe, heh
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right 