

The name is Krayzie, big bad-ass Bone
Wanted up north for all the gold that I stole
Along with some cash, even took the mayor's daughter
Now that there's kidnap, but she was with it, so I brought her
Done got myself into a whole heap of trouble
Double-crossed by the law, so there's nobody to run to
Yeah, it's just me and my sawed-off shotgun
Outlaw call him Leather Face
I'm headed for the West
Heard they got a couple banks in town that ain't been held up yet
Well, uh, I oughta make it by sundown
I figure that's enough time for me to get the whole run down
So I continue my mission
Its gettin' dark so now now I'm watchin' for them damn injuns
They like to catch us, then they rob and split
I be a rootin', tootin', shootin' damn fool, protecting my chips
All of the sudden I heard somebody rumble in the bushes
Stop my horse "Woah, Nelly"
Who in the bushes? You betta speak out or I'ma let my shotgun song sing out
Who is this? Hope this ain't the law, jar out the bushes with my sawed-off shotgun
Come on out right now, I'm gettin' angry
Took a step back 'cause it could get dangerous
Please don't shoot, it's just me, Thug Queen, the horse stealer
Then why the hell is you hidin' in them bushes?
I'm wanted in four counties
For armed robberies
Killed two sheriffs, six of his best men want my head
Stole two horses
Thought you was the law, that's why I jumped in them bushes
Goodness, now she was hotter than the barrel of fire
But I could use her for the job, so I told her to ride come on
May I ask you what you headed to the West for?
I got a partner, got a plan for some dough
And if you down, you can pick up yourself a pretty penny
Be in town in a minute, now be sure if you with it
We out before the sunrise
Got a stallion for ya partner to ride
Hit the saloon for the moonshine
Down for whatever, let's ride, let's ride
These directions say we go to Tucson, Arizona
When we arrive, we'll cop a place we can bunk
And meet my boy in the morning for details and hookups
You might also like
You betta count your money (Ghetto)
You betta count your money (Cowboy)
You betta count your money (Ghetto)
You betta count your money (Cowboy)

Rise and shine, good morning, howdy
Nine o' clock, we meet my boy in the saloon in the valley
Now I done came a long way, I don't wanna be late
Tell him we make it to him
You know where we at (Move out!)

Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up
You betta count your money (Ghetto)
You betta count your money (Cowboy)

I'm peepin' Krazyie's warning poster in the saloon
So I assume it'll be trouble 'round here pretty soon
Glance across the room, I see this youngster gettin' ready to fight
But if he mess up the night, I think that Krayzie just might take his life
So I approach him and I pause
"Look, man, I really don't wanna brawl
But won't you chill before them laws
Come messing up this master plan?"
Since he already rowdy, I just asked the man, hey
"You want some work? Well, partna, put in ya bid
Now, by the way, what's your name? They call me Layzie the Kid"
"The names Powder P, can I get a 12-gauge?
Outlaw everyday on the front page
Mr Kid, if you give me the low down
Me and Blackjack, we ready for the showdown
With two double barrels pointed at whatever
We'll stick together, I'm perdy clever"
So saddle up jump on the bandwagon
Because its all goin' down
I heard a guy run in the bar screaming Krayzie's in town
Now when we get to the saloon, you don't worry
Wait outside and don't be stealin' nobody's damn horses
Stepped inside the bar, Layzie Kid, you son of a gun!
Hey, man, I'm glad you made it safely
Now let's go have some fun
And this my partner powder he's a young gun
Howdy
Mighty glad to meet ya, son
Oh yeah, you know, I also brought a friend along
Meet Thug Queen, the horse peddler
Straggler, just met her
Howdy partner
Already got the horses saddled up
I hope you good at robbing banks
Like you rustle that cattle
Now y'all
It's gon' be gettin' dark real soon
I think you right
I say we move, come on, let's move out!
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up (Move out!)
Giddy up, giddy up
You betta count your money (Ghetto cowboy)
You betta count your money
You betta count your money (Yeah)
You betta count your money (Mm)
You betta count your money (Money, money, money, money)
You betta count your money (Give me some of that ghetto cowboy now)
You betta count your money (Ghetto cowboy)
Ghetto cowboy, ghetto cowboy, ghetto cowboy
Yeah
Ghetto 
1 ContributorAll Good LyricsKrayzie:
Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo, Mo . . 
Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo Thug, and we are Mo Thug, Mo Thug, Mo Thug
Felecia:
It's all good. My lovin's all good
Felecia:
Lately, you've been stressin' me about when I'm a give you some, callin' me
Jockin' me, sweatin' me, gonna rush me none, 'cause when the time is right I'm
Gonna let you know, and that's for sure. So wait on me patiently and see what
I got in store, 'cause I'm gonna represent to the fullest. I'll be there and I
Promise you no regrets. Just put your trust in me, and baby, I promise this
Shit is legit [legit, legit, legit . 
Felecia:
It's all good. My lovin' is, my lovin' is, all good, all good, all good
You know it's all good, all good, all good
Krayzie:
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good, good, good
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good with me, with me, with me
Felecia:
If I told you once, then I told you twice. You gotta get to know me. There's
More to a relationship then jumpin' in the sheets, and if that's all you want
Then you better go, 'cause that ain't me. I don't give my love to just
Anybody. If I'm not correct, then prove me wrong, and just hold on
Gradually, you will see, just how good it'll be. When the time is right, I'll
Ease your mind with a little bump and grind. Fantasies full of ecstasy: we'll
Have a real good time
You might also likeFelecia:
It's all good. My lovin' is, my lovin' is, all good, all good, all good
You know it's all good, all good, all good
Krayzie:
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good, good, good
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good with me, with me, with me
Krayzie:
Since it's all good, baby, we can get it on. Hey, you wanna ride? Krayzie
Bone. Come and jump in the Benz and tell your friends you will get with them
Later. Come and let me take ya. Got a couple things I wanna show ya. I'm
Really tryin' to know ya. I'm just curious: is it really all good? You
Serious? I'm serious. If it is, then I gotta jump on it, ride it--ghetto
Cowboy. Surprise, you thought I was quiet. I never was shy, baby. Niggas
Just act like that. Lay back, but don't let that fool ya, rule ya. Really
Give that the nigga the bag, 'cause we won't have time to talk. I've been
Peepin' for a minute now , and I know just where I'm a
Start. Let me listen to your heartbeat. Boomp, boomp, racin' intense
Situation. Is it gettin' kind of hot in here? Naw, that's you. Temperature's
Risin', so am I
Felecia:
It's all good. My lovin' is, my lovin' is, all good, all good, all good
You know it's all good, all good, all good
Krayzie:
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good, good, good
Yep, yep, yep. It's all G-double O-D, good with me, with me, with 