

It ain't complicated Clips, by now, you ain't figured it out?
You had your own room in the crib, Smack talkin' 'bout kickin' you out, sittin' you down
Nigga, all you had to do was finish ya rounds
Long road, but you at the end of it now
No matter how much gas he might get from the crowd
Is this how you want them to remember you clown?
It ain't all rap, sometimes you gotta talk to a lame
It ain't all about a loss or gain
It's about every time we cross this stage, it's like we walk through flames
Yep, we still do it, that's called "insane"
First you winnin', it's the fancy, flossin' chains
Then the losses came and ya head down
Then ya headed down the walk of shame
Nigga, one bad shot can cost the game
Hollow killed you, I watched Lux cause you pain
Never thought he'd let the world know ya mom's real name
Never thought he'd show the world paperwork with ya father's name
But I'm guessin', these things just the cost of fame
Cause you had love and lost it, mayne
Now Nick Cannon ya boss, that's strange
'Cause he could've told you Love Don't Cost A Thing!
Nigga, cut the lies and shit
You can't lie to Brizz
You let the world think DNA was ridin' ya coattail and really you was ridin' his!
DNA, these niggas not ya friends
He couldn't wait to let us know it was him who gave you a spot to live
Remember when they used to let you sleep on the couch and beg ya bitch to let you sleep in the house like 'Pac and BIG?
Nigga, this that arm long as Olajuwon, Houston Rocket shit
But the arm spin wit' the shot like Dominique
They used to watchin' Clips
Even a couple bootleg niggas who copied Clips
I'm cut, pastin' and croppin' Clips
You know, takin' him out the pic
Now who will vouch for this?
I wanna know how come this coward just stood and watched the white boy give ya man the beats like The Alchemist
Shout-out Hoffa, bitch!
I should take Math 'matic and subtract yo' ass: it ain't calculus
But if it was I'd probably know where yo' houses is
'Cause calculus, well, that's the study of findin' property
See, I got that from math
Not Hoffa, the class
You the type of rapper to get shot in the ass
You a Wal-Mart, Paul Blart cop and a half
And you don't know nothin' 'bout coppin' a half
You 'bout a 49 waist tryin' to squeeze into 39-and-a-halfs
You a fat nigga, usin' the soap that never wash wit' a rag
I got a problem wit' that
It's the black God, chief of the Tribe of Shabazz
You better make good use of the little time that you have
Or I'ma make you the next famous bitch found drowned in a bath
R.I.P. Whitney, Houston, you done came down a country bro
Long shottys, rusty .4's
American Dream, drop him: Dusty Rhodes!
This baby will sniff him out, dawg: it got a puppy nose
Tell ya man Goodz he better cool it dude
I put the .9 to ya baby face (Babyface) like this is for the Cool In You
This is a crock of shit
And y'all watchin' this
He think I came to talk about how his pop a snitch
And how he told more about the game then Gregg Popovich
Nah, it's more about you fuckin' up your accomplishments
How you was in my top 10, then you dropped a bit, then just dropped from it
Nigel shot you some good advice, you should've followed it
But you died
It's ironic: they were Hollow tips
Can you see it?
After tonight they won't care about you
You had heart, I'm here to tear it out you
I pistol-whipped yo' ass
Yeah, I bring the strap 'round his head like a pair of goggles
They gon' try to defend dude
Before I go, third round vs Lux, when you said, "Y'all wanna talk about my pops bein' a snitch? Well, his pops is a snitch, too."
Right then I said, "This nigga prolly a snitch, too!"
Why you mention dude?
Darkside, nigga

Y'all liked the way he talked to me?
Aight, now it's time to talk to him
NOME 8, this my closin' verse
Like fuck a casket, throw this bastard in the back and just close the hearse
Every time Brizz mother open and close her shirt, it make a nigga wanna go berserk
And just put it in
If you wasn't stuck in T-Top's shadow for so long, just imagine what ya coulda been
My nigga, you have been on more teams than Robert Horry
Brizz, becomin' ya own man is not hard
It's like you was leading Darkside to the light, then you reversed the whip and joined Dot Mobb
Then when Dot Mobb was losin' control, it's like you, jumped out the whip to join another group
You was tryin' so hard to swerve outta that Rex lane that you crashing and still ended up under Murda Mook
Then you figured, "Nah, let me change lanes
'Cause the insurance is looking better over there with Cave Gang."
I don't know if leavin' Dot Mobb is that Progressive
But joinin' Tay Roc squad is the same thing
My nigga, stop talkin', before I paralyze you and you stop walkin'
Let me ask you this: what is your profession?
You a team-hoppin' nigga that don't bust guns but claim he hold the weapon
Now I know why you put Raw in ya name
'Cause you ridin' these niggas dick with no protection
Oh, it's time to go night-night
I could bar ya life away, but me and Suge wanna know what ya life like
'Cause nigga, your soul more fucked up than Lil' Bow Wow's in Like Mike
Oh this is the part where we bow our heads as brother Brandon Brizz Rawsteen soul is prepared to leave us
And I heard you don't believe in God
Cool, 'cause we can still play "Swear to Jesus"
My nigga, swear to Jesus, you love Dot Mobb, and you respect that group whether they dead or not
Nigga, swear to Jesus you love Tay Roc more than T-Top cause Cave Gang put ya career in a better spot
My nigga, swear to Jesus-
Look at T-Top like, "Okay, king, ya better stop."
My nigga, swear to Jesus if they was fallin' off the roof right now, you would hold Tay Roc hand instead of Top
Look at him, he tryin' to think about it
"I ain't gon' lie y'all, that was a close call
But you know me, I'm Brizz Rawsteen: I'll let 'em both fall."
See, the problem is, ya Lifestyle revolves around grabbin' a Magnum
And that's why I be sayin' you be doin' the most Raw
See you can have the Power but by the time he (Tommy) realize it the stupid nigga done let Ghost fall
And that's why this nigga here is Tariq
Oh here is some information I wanna provide for you
Y'all remember when Hitman and Verb was gon' fuck him up?
T-Top was ready to slide for you
But what you didn't notice was Rain jumpin' in the middle, my nigga Rain was ready to ride for you
And that's why I call you Tariq 'cause ya stupid ass ain't even know Rain'll (Raina) die for you!
Ayo, Houston! We got a problem!
I should let the chrome rise
Head shot, if he survive, he gon' wake up thinkin' we at NOME 5
Talkin' 'bout you puttin' bodies in the bag like hash browns and you startin' to believe ya own lies
Head shot, I give your dome five
And nobody in the crowd heard it, 'cause I'm seasoned wit' the potato like home fries
Now it's a wrap, if Nina kiss you, you won't get a chance to kiss her back
All these Gs in ya Unit, and I still bet 50 that you won't Get The Strap!
Listen SMACK, is this nigga from Delaware
He can lose his Apple if I grip the MAC
Survive? How can he (Kenny) when this Smith ain't never sit with Shaq
Stop talkin' through my rounds about this and that
You battled O, but couldn't put ya hands on Red like a Twister mat
They said I fell off, always wanna question my legacy
I figured that
When I beat legends like Serius Jones and Iron Solomon
I don't know which one was the bigger match
But I gave Jones and that Jew L's (Juelz) on Cam' like a Diplomat
Aye, Calicoe!
Don't worry, I'mma get you soon
But before I end this verse, R.I.P. to my nigga Boon
You thought it was over!? This nigga gotta be the biggest fool!
'Cause I brought the biggest tool
Revolver: six spin through eight like it's middle school
Go 'head and brush ya waves
I let the cannon ball in them shits like a swimmin' pool
They said I fell off...
Well, I guess NOME 8 got me in a different mood
For real now

It's my turn! Yo!

Oh, alright
Now that's a 