

Pause-worthy statements are your Bat-Signal
This little hobby of yours is absurd as it gets
It's at the point where fans tag you in suspect posts on purpose, and you're encouraging it
You're a "Pause" connoisseur!
But pausing is something I seldom do
'Cause this league has actual gay people...who think about gay stuff less than you!
He'll even pause the word "pause" like...
"Now I don't mean to be the insinuator
But you just said 'Pause', and that's a word that means 'to stop, with intent to continue later'"
Quit it, player
You're on the verge of a painful exit
If you lose, you won't hear the end
If you win, they won't care 'cause they expect it
But you can't see the sides ain't even?
Do I have to give Ace a metric (asymmetric)!?
Pay attention!

What did he mean by "metric"?

You can't see the sides ain't even!?
Do I have to give Ace a metric (asymmetric)?
Pay attention
A double-kill's what I'm plannin' on him
'Cause you'll end up with wings when Randy's talkin'
Then your wings'll get wings like Randy Johnson
I'm snappin' often!
You can say that it's gas, but I'm makin' it flammable
Why Randy Johnson?
'Cause that was the only time an Ace killed an animal
Time!
I said, nobody’s safe…not even the wife and the children
Put a knife in your ceilin’
Said monsters...hard to bring buildin' to the life
Well, you 'bout to lose your life in the buildin'
I said...Homeskool...
Homeskool...said he's the most electric battle rapper in the world
So electric, he showed Benjamin Franklin where to fly the kite
They said he's the most copied battle rapper
You know, all the ones that the white appropriatin' teens are tryna bite
Said he feels for my plight though 'cause I was in prison
I'm not a bad guy
He's kinda right
But all that to the side
Y'all ever played Capcom video games?
Yeah, if shit goes sideways on the screens, everybody in here seen this guy's Final Fight
The whitest type, you ain't convincin'
For you, this a shot
For me, you a faceless victim
We all know Lexx is a big fan of AEW Wrestling
That's WWE's rival
So you know he got a good plan for replacin' Vincent
This ain't your-
I said, just wait and listen
If you battled where I battle, you'd be a goner in the night
We bein' honest, iBattle is your only armor in a fight
You gotta go to other leagues
I mean hit every ring...
And then do it again like when Sonic hit a spike
I'll have you all up in the light
Neuralyzer, you won't even see the Smith
Clean your shit
I said, this ain't no damn threat
It's Pam neck: some straightenin' that you need to get
Clean your shit!
I'll bruise you up
Have you purple all over like Kitana's sister
You don't believe me? Well, I'mma lean a (Mileena) bitch!
Nina lift!
You know Ace got one trick up one sleeve: RG3
My big homie taught me to have the biggest gun because when we caught, we bleed
You know, some shit that could hit the opps from, like, across three streets?
Like a rocket launcher...
Yeah, I don't know why the fuck that's some shit he thought we need
But then he died, and when he went to the Cloud, his Final Fantasy was an RPG
Get off these streets!
To be in Reggie Miller Madison Square Garden form
You gotta eat from multiple sources like an omnivore
It takes raps and performance
Homeskool, they're combined
You know, like a college dorm
I said, I'm on your door
Legacy? Huh, small-timer?
Alzheimer's: remembering is the only real threat to me
You know that? Huh?
That's the only real threat to me
You wanna talk me sheddin' blood on a stage you may never see?
Bitch, my name is Weapon X
Everybody knows Wolverine's biggest weakness is his own memo-
Yo, lemme give you some history
'Cause you kinda green and you don't know why you gettin' involved
But Wolverine made his first appearance in 1974 against the Incredible Hulk
It gets realer, though
'Cause he was born James Howlett in Alberta, Canada on a farm wit' fields of oak
And it's crazy, 'cause...you know, I want my flowers
And Wolverine had to leave that same farm because he killed a Rose
It gets broken, nu- yeah
He was broken, numb
Aye, my comic books- they know what I'm talkin' 'bout
Y'all know what I'm talkin' 'bout
Keep up, keep up
It's his whole history
Keep up, keep up
...'cause he killed a Rose
He was broken, numb
He moved into the woods wit' the wolves 'cause people, he was close to none
He started learnin' how to use his nose to hunt
He was noisy at first, but when he slowed down, he got low, then won
But it all comes around full circle
'Cause I was wit' the wolves usin' my nose to hunt
And I started makin' noise, too
I ain't gotta howl at the moon once I started loadin' one!
I said, switch chapters!
'Cause after that, he gets captured!
He's feelin' worthless
They got him in the circus, through the loop to do tricks and flip backwards
They put him next to clowns, and...you know, it only highlighted how much he had the It fa-
See, he got brainwashed again
Then he moved to Japan, the military, then the Weapon X program,  and got brainwashed again
They sent him to kill the X-Men, and Professor X then changed his mind, and he got brainwashed ag-
See, you gettin' it?
You gettin' it?
You gettin' it?
You see why bein' a standout is relevant?
You see, in battle rap, you gotta be a standout
That's one of the key factors, so you gotta stop settlin'
Because what's the point in puttin' good Homes in front of Wolverine if he's never gonna remember it!?
Round 2

You lost four thousand dollars to Cortez
Sorry - you lost five thousand dollars to Cortez
I know you gotta be hurt
'Cause actually, you didn't lose
You beat him and got robbed, and that's worse
'Cause Cortez always gets robbed, bro
They disrespected him all his career
You got robbed by Cortez?
That's like going hunting and getting shot by a deer

That's a fact
Fire, bro

Cortez got robbed by Head I.C.E twice, and he robbed you?
That's so vicious, it's perfect
That's like Homer Simpson getting eaten by a donut
That's like a stingray getting killed by Steve Irwin!

Too fuckin' soon!

15 years ago...
That shit was 15 years- (*chuckles*)
Good work, good work, good work

You're the only person they hate more
They wouldn't give you the win ever
Why do they hate? 'Cause you made yourself hateable

Facts

Your character needs to get better
You got emotions like cryptocurrency: they're a bit tender

It's not true, but it's fire

You hit Twitter, then lash out
Less battles than beef in your timeline
All we seen on screen is drama, and you've channeled enough for a Lifetime
You made Bad Newz compromise himself just to win a match
You exposed Ty Pretty for being a rapist
I'd respect that more if you didn't rap
'Cause when you found out what he was charged for, you could've gone to us and finished that
Instead you waited 'til after we brought him to an event where there were women at!
You even shook his hand when the battle was done!

Not a fact

That is true
I can show you on the pay-per-view - it's on there

Alright, show it

'Kay...
OK, hang on...
You even shook his hand when the battle was done
You treated that man like an average competitor
Don't that seem dark?
He was King Shark
You let the Squad hang with a man who's a predator!
You out here dappin' up sex offenders?
It's over, bro
You're a cancer and the culture knows
But I can't even call you a cancer 'cause a cancer would've shown some growth!

Fire, fire

A cancer would've shown some growth!
And you've exhibited none!
What you did has been done
How many times are you gonna tell us "I beg your pardon"
Before you realize we're not givin' you one!?
When I'm finished with son, they won't make a sequel
You're insecure, so when you're wrong, you overcompensate to repay the evil
You said you'd burn John John's house down with napalm
Maybe that's why you stick to flaming people
Your ways are feeble
Nothin' you say is ever held tight
Tried to make napalm, but you ran out of fuel, so it didn't gel right
It may have felt like I researched a ton for you
But this was stuff I knew
I don't have to dig dirt up to give a loss
As far as angles, I can wig with a couple points like Dilbert's boss
But your kills are off of exposing opponents
Well, I never saw any fun there
If I ever dig up dirt, it's 'cause the casket has to go somewhere

I said, that last round made me wanna Glad-bag you
But what you do on this stage Bubonic plague
This a third the European can't handle
I gotta say, guy...I'm really amazed, guy
Cause outta the history of muhfuckas
You the first muhfucka that managed to look like a virgin and a serial rapist at the same time
I said, you go extra wit' it
Look how you dress, you tryin' to protect the image
I came here with a buncha bars about how I was gonna kill ya children
But then I remembered, that requires consensual sex with women
I'm not gon' stay there, I'm not tryin' to take it there
The struggle you look like, you know how to bear with it
Cause you know, you saw Chess rap about that two-liter bowl
And you were like, "God damn. My mother used to cut those bowls and cut my hair wit' it."
But y'all know me, I'm more know for how I float wit' a banger
Everybody in ya trailer park that you know is in danger
And the clip hangin' from the pole like a coat wit' the hanger
Let it go from the chamber
And then there's Jey The Nitewing, replacing Beasley, doin' the voice
Nigga I'll come through and put some mo' in (Samoan) ya trailer
Don't move!
Don King, you've been promotin' with a known goon
Nigga, I will kick ya door down
Y'all should've known, as soon as school (Skool) started I was headed to Home town
I told you I would kill the whole house
He didn't believe me, I seen the doubt
Beam come out, hit his brother
BAOW! While they leavin' out
Creep around, I see a blouse
It's feminism or protect ya sister
Equality, I can't leave her out
Then I creep around, leap the couch
Peep and scout
Baow, baow, baow, more shells for police to count
Tell your mother to stop hidin'
Come out right now, I swear I'm not leaving now
Until everybody dies
I'ma stay at Home mom until I clean the house!
I wrote this shit in two days. I lost my phone man. Over here it's over here, it's landin' over ya heads. Mercy brothers 23rd, our side over theirs. Good work man

You hit less entirely cause you give less variety
You ain't a boss, man, it's a matriarchy
You misled (miss-led) society
I'm building a dynasty, and you can never take what I own
You're Snoopy fighting the Red Baron
Dawg's (dog's) plain (plane) fakin' on Home
The greatest you've shown on URL is still your debut, it was ultra-strong
But it seems like ever since you took Fuse out, the glow's been gone
Now you're the name all the fans recognize, but never the one they're excited for
You need it in music theory?
A-C-E, your name only strikes a minor chord
See, I am more of a cult hero
Less people know who I am, but for those who do, the praise is greater
I hit that same A chord as you
But I'm sharp, see (C)? That's how you make it major
I don't back down from bigger dudes
That's why this last round is lit for you
Cause when you put a major third next to a minor third, well, that's how you get the blues
We have different views on success, so I don't even care if you feel me
But I'm sick of talkin' to this Ace, let me talk to the real thing
Listen, you- {turns the card over}
Hey, listen to me when I'm talking to you
Listen, you flimsy little runt
I told 'em Ace should not toy with me
Stop pretending you're bigger than Kings & Queens, you're not Royalty
You're supposedly the best, but you ain't got enough to stop me, son
No savin' face, quit playin', Ace
You can't tell me you're not the one
I'm callin' a spade a spade, I don't care if I offend you
You'll get chucked out the door
Won't be the first time we threw a card outside the venue
The menu is what you're on
You'll have a shot to reign, but not today
I'm removin' your crown
I'm through with you now
That's how an Ace gets dropped on stage!
But they'll mock and say I don't have his drive
Well I guess in a way that's sorta true
See, I was never good at parallel parking...
I'm known for BUMPIN' THE SHOULDER, TOO!
{Crowd starts chanting "Holy shit"}
I was overdue for a shot like this, cause you may think that you're star of the show
You'll never beat me in archery, though
Armed with the bow
Full quiver, you can't even begin to stop it
The arrow's like a Wal-Mart employee
When it gets fired, it hits the Target
Dead center, every time, now the middle is barely intact
I got the Bullseye in dire condition like if Daredevil snapped
This ain't a parody act, I can make it happen
I never stop pullin' strings
I'm Green Arrow
Plus my girl is full-on royalty: all of her (Oliver) Queen
I walk like a king after every shot knowin' my aim is still strong and all you'll hear from me is "What?...What?"
I'm not Robin Hood I'm Little John (Lil' Jon)
And you may think this is a style clash, but I got plenty in common with son
I'm a Christian, he's a Muslim
We're both great at not getting 

It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
We pour out our praise
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
To You only

Great are You Lord

You give life, You are love
You bring light to the darkness
You give hope, You restore
Every heart that is broken
Great are You Lord

It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
We pour out our praise
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
To You only
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
We pour out our praise
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
To You only
You might also like
All the earth will shout Your praise
Our hearts will cry, these bones will sing
Great are You Lord
All the earth will shout Your praise
Our hearts will cry, these bones will sing
Great are You Lord

It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
We pour out our praise
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
To You only
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
We pour out our praise
It's Your breath in our lungs
So we pour out our praise
To You only

Great are You 
