

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk (What?)
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (Huh?)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (Woke up, yeah)
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me (Woke up, damn)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me (Woke up)
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me (Woke up)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me (Woke up)

Oh, I think they like me, yeah, they like me (Hey)
Diamonds on me, ice cream (Huh?), ho, that slightly
My Draco, bitch, a Spike Lee, diamonds on me biting
I heard these niggas wanna fight me
Meet me at my next show but you better bring a pipe, B, yeah
We ain't fighting
I think she like me, exciting, ooh, so exciting
Fuck me, Bentley coupe, I'm riding with a thottie, fuck
I just spent a hundred on my watch piece, fuck
I done fell in love with a thottie, fuck
She just wanna fuck me for my clout, fuck
Bitch, I'm off the lean, I crash the Audi, fuck
Might just spend two hundred on this Audi truck
See Playboi Carti LiveGet tickets as low as $47You might also like
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (What?)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk (Huh?)
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (Yeah)
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me (Damn)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me

Oh, I think they like me (Yup), in my white tee (Yup)
Oh, no, no, no, baby, smoke so much dope, need some Visine
These young niggas don't like me, but act just like me (Why?)
Fucked all of y'all bitches, so they parties don't invite me
That bitch, that's your wifey, she so triflin'
I been gettin' money, so don't nothin' really excite me (Yeah)
Carti poured a six in the four of the right lean
Damn, that boy askin' for some more like the Sprite clean (Yeah)
Yeah, that's that dirty, that's that dirty (Woo)
That girl all up in my face like she ain't try to swerve me
These boys all up in my lane, I swear they keep on merging (Keep on what?)
No, I cannot see a lame 'cause my Rolls-Royce got curtains (Lil Uzi)

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk (What?)
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me (Woke up, damn)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Oh, I think they like me, think she like me
The bitch want to indict me, she can't find me
I'm like, "Dirty up the Sprite please, with some ice please"
We pop beans and like to sip lean, ooh, ooh
Xans, Percs, molly, we got hella things
I'm in love with the guap, gave it a wedding ring
And I swear I had these thots before I got the fame
And I swear I had the Glock before I got the chain
I'm in Bompton with Pirus and I don't even bang, yeah (Slatt)
Shoutout G Weed and Yung L, yeah, ho, that the gang
Shoutout GiGi, that's my boo, she know that I claim
Shootin' at these niggas like I'm in the paint
Woke up like this

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk (I woke up like this, what?)
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (Huh?)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk (Yeah)
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me (Yeah)
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me (Oh my God, talkin' 'bout, 

In New York, I Milly Rock (Rock)
Hide it in my sock (Sock)
Runnin' from an opp (Opp)
And I shoot at opp (Opp), uh, uh (What?)
And I'm on the block (What?), uh, uh (What? What?)
And I'm on the block (What?)
In New York, I Milly Rock (Hello?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Sellin' that rerock (What? Woah, what? What? Uh, what? What?)
In New York, I Milly Rock (Ooh)
Hide it in my sock (Woah)
Used to sell rerock (What?)
Runnin' from the cops (Woah)
Shootin' at these opps (Woah)

Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here? (Woah)
Shootin' at these opps (What?)
'Cause I run they block (What?), uh
Give me top (Top), uh, in my drop-top
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (Drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (Drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, uh (Drop, drop)
Woo, woo, woo, woo (Beep)
Woo, woo (Beep), woo, woo (Beep)
All these hoes want cash (Cash)
All these hoes want bags, uh
Fuckin' on your bitch (Beep), uh
I'm her dad (Yeah), uh
All these niggas sound like Cash, sound like Cash (Blah)
I'm a soldier, ooh (What?)
Damn, I thought I told you, ooh (What?)
Shootin' like a soldier, ooh (Beep)
Like I'm from Magnolia, ooh (What?)
All these niggas (What? What?) always fold (What? What?)
Big bank (What? What?) never fold (What?)
I'm sippin' Act' (What?), fill that shit slowly (Hello?)
Bitches on me (What? Beep), say she like my clothin' (Yeah)
I'm in London (What?), Yung Carti global (What?)
Designer is on me (Phew), call it dirty laundry (Phew)
All these bitches want Yung Carti (What?), Yung Carti (Yeah)
Ayy, Yung Carti, Yung Carti, what? (Hop in the bit', hop in the bit')
Yung Carti, Yung Carti (What? What? Hold on), yeah
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on (Yeah)
All of my bitches, they rich, hold on
And they stay rockin' that Rick, hold on
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh, what? What? Hold on, what? What? Uh (Yeah)
Rich, rich (Rich)
Cash Carti, bitch (Bitch)
Rich, bitch (Hold on)
Got a rich clique (Hold on)
I'm suckin' on the clit (Hold on)
She suckin' on the dick (Yeah)
Give that ho a tip (Yeah)
Told her, "Buy some kicks" (Kicks)
Ooh, then I brush my teeth (What?)
Hop up in the whip
Glocky in the whip (Skrrt; glocky)
Glocky in the whip (Yeah)
And I'm cocky, fuckin' on a thottie
She just wanna plot me, bitch can't stop me (Stop me)
I'm ridin' in a Masi (What? Masi)
This ain't even my Masi (Nah)
Hope that's not your thottie (What?)
Your bitch look like a auntie (What?)
Walked in with Ashanti (What?)
Damn, that look like 'Shanti (What?)
Damn, that look like Carti (Yeah-yeah)
I think that be Yung Carti
Heard he spent a hundred on a fuckin' watch piece, that's filthy (Phew, what? Woah, woah)
See Playboi Carti LiveGet tickets as low as $47You might also like
In New York, I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What? What?)
Runnin' from an opp (What? What?)
And I shoot at opp (What? What?), uh, uh (Phew)
And I'm on the block (Phew), uh, uh (Hello?)
And I'm on the block (What?)
In New York, I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (Sock)
Sellin' that rerock (Rerock)
What? What? (What?)
What? Uh, what?
In New York, I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Use to sell rerock, uh
Runnin' from the cops, uh
Shootin' at these opps

You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo (Yeah), Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
Bitch-ass nigga, fuck that nigga, 