
1 ContributorDesktop Storage Mix Vol. 35 LyricsNow Playing: Coldplay - Yellow
Coldplay:
Look at the stars
Look how they shine for you
And everything you do
Yeah, they were all yellow
Now Playing: Jim Yosef - Firefly
Coldplay:
Look at the stars
Look how they shine for you
And everything you do
Yeah, they were all yellow
I came along
I wrote a song for you
And all the things you do
And it was called "Yellow"
So then I took my turn
Oh, what a thing to have done
Adrian Lux:
You might also likeWe don't sleep when the sun goes down
We don't waste no precious time
All my friends in the loop
Making up for teenage crimе
We don't sleep when the sun goеs down
We don't waste no precious time
All my friends in the loop
Making up for teenage crime (crime, crime, crime)
Shaboozey:
Someone pour me up a double shot of whiskey
They know me and Jack Daniel's got a history
There's a party downtown near 5th Street
Everybody at the bar gettin' tipsy
Now Playing: Your Favorite Martian - Club Villain
Epic Rap Battles Of History:
Look what the cat dragged back from the dead
Man it looks like Chewbacca wiped his ass on your head
I’m the next Michael Jackson, you smell like Betty White
Here’s some aspirin, you’re catching Bieber Fever tonight
Because my voice is incredible and your music is terrible
Who even listens to Classical anyway?
Even Elise wants to do me and now that you’re right next to me
I can understand why they used a dog to play you in the movies
Sit down, son, and let me give you a music lesson
Ask Bach, I got more cock than Smith and Wesson
Never say Never? You’ll never be forgetting
I’ve crafted masterpieces that will last throughout the ages
Hazbin Hotel:
You're a loser, baby
A loser, but just maybe if we
Eat shit together, things will end up differently
It's time to lose your self-loathin'
Excuse yourself, let hope in, baby
Play your card, be who you are
A loser, just like me
Now Playing: Izecold - Close (Brooks Remix)
And then, he looks at the cabinet
He walks to the cabinet
Get close to the cabinet
Now he's opening the cabinet
Now pause the movie 'cause what I'm about to say to y'all is so damn twisted
Not only is there a man in this cabinet
But the man is a midget! (midget...midget...midget...)
Now Playing: Clarx - Zigzag
Pewdiepie:
Bobs or vegana, whichever will it be?
Sit the fuck down, T-Series, I'm here to spill the real tea (Uh)
You tryna dethrone me from spot on number one
But you, India, you lose, so best think you haven't won
The Lonely Island:
We're like fire and ice
Taking over the whole world (The whole world)
From the mountaintops
Down to the boys and girls (The boys and girls)
And this tree of knowledge, it grows 'cause we plant the seed (Yeah, ee-ee, yeah, yeah, yeah)
We the teachers of this and we got just what you need
Shy Ronnie
Pewdiepie:
Here, let me serve you bitch lasagna
Bitch lasagna, bitch lasagna
T-Series ain't nothing but a bitch lasagna
Bitch lasagna, bitch lasagna
Look at T-Series, they just crying for their mama
Now Playing: Di Young - Pixel Pig (Ahmad Irfan Remix)
D12:
So I get off stage, right? Drop the mic
Walk up to these hot chicks, and I'm all like:
"Sup, ladies? My name's Slim Shady
I'm the lead singer of D12, baby"
They're all like, "Oh my God, it's him
Becky, oh my fucking God, it's Eminem
I swear to fucking God, dude, you fucking rock
Please, Marshall, please, let me suck your cock"
Now by now, the rest of the fellas get jealous
Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas
All the chicks start yelling, all the hot babes
Throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage
So, like every single night, they pick a fight with me
But when we fight, it's kinda like sibling rivalry
'Cause they're back on stage the next night with me
Dude, I just think they're tryna steal the light from me
Now Playing: Tobu - Sunburst
Eminem:
Well, look what the stork brung
(What?) Little baby devil with the forked tongue
And it's stickin' out, yeah, like a sore thumb
(Bleah) With a forehead that it grew horns from
Still a white jerk
Pullin' up in a Chrysler to the cypher with the vic's, percs and a Bud Light shirt
Lyrical technician, an electrician y'all light work
And I don't gotta play pretend, it's you I make believe
And you know I'm here to stay 'cause me
If I was to ever take a leave, It would be aspirin to break a feve
If I was to ask for Megan Thee Stallion if she would collab with me
Would I really have a shot at a feat? (Ha!)
I don't know, but I'm glad to be back, like
Andrew Huang:
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows
Now Playing: Tobu - Life
I used to think I was smart
But you made me look so naive
The way you sold me for parts
You sunk your teeth into me
Oh, bloodsucker (Bleh), dream crusher
Bleeding me dry like a gosh darn vampire
Now Playing: Ooyy - Come 2gether
Epic Rap Battles Of History:
Why don't you pick on a brain your own size?
We got a badass over here, plus I got your back, Nye
Astrophysics black guy, Hayden Planetary fly
By the way, the answer to your little calculation is "i"
As in I put the swag back in science
While Isaac Newton was lying and sticking daggers in Leibniz
And hiding up inside his attic on some Harry Potter business
The universe is infinite, but this battle is finished
Eminem:
I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla
Better hit the deck like the card dealer
My whole squad's in here, walking around the party
A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby "The
Brain" Heenan which is probably the
Same reason I wrestle with mania
Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up
Consider it to cross me a costly mistake
If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia
ADHD, Hydroxycut
NHB Films:

Now Playing: Tobu - Damn Son
Hazbin Hotel:
There's a warm, fuzzy feeling that wafts through the air
Every street so revealing, it's hard not to stare
It's a realm so appealing, it beats anywhere
If you don't mind the smell
Rizz Records:
Drake drake, go away
Rizz up kids another day
Daddy says it's not okay
Drake drake, go away
Drake drake, go away
Rizz up kids another day
Mommy says it's not okay
Drake drake, go away
Kendrick Lamar:
Now let me say I'm the bi**est hater
I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, I hate the way that you dress
I hate the way that you sneak diss, if I catch flight, it's gon' be direct
We hate the bitches you fuck 'cause they confuse themself with real women
And notice, I said "we," it's not just me, I'm what the culture feelin'
Now Playing: Vinai - Frontier
Yuno Miles:

Now Playing: John Dalhback - Raven
Daydrian Harding:
I'm back once again and we just gettin' started (Takeoff)
Sober as hell, but still lit in the party (Yes, sir)
Playin' this song in the car with the gang
They all makin' the stank face like somebody farted
I'm turnt up on YouTube, man, who goin' harder?
They thought I was dumb, the whole time, I was smarter (Yeah)
Sittin' back, watchin' my money get larger
I get to the green like a phone on a charger (Yeah)
I swerve in a Hellcat, that bitch not no Charger (Skrrt)
I said, "Free Thug," it's Sp5der my joggers (Ah)
Self Love hoodies in the back of the closet
Popcorn the bread 'cause my shit just be poppin' (Uh)
I feel like I'm Jalen, I'm ridin' with the rocket (Brrt)
I never feel better with guap in my pocket (Cash)
I only rock merch, man, I never go shoppin' (Yeah)
New crib fat, just check the deposit (Facts)
Now Playing: Tincho - In A Different Place
Hazbin Hotel:
You didn't know that when I tried this all before
My dreams were too hard to defend
FGTeeV:
Ayo, pops, wanna play this game?
Nah, thanks, kid, that looks lame
Nah, I promise it's really cool
Yeah, right, that looks old-school
No, try it, you might like it
Alright, don't get so excited
Answer the question
This looks easy
Wait for the next one
Graphics are cheesy
Hazbin Hotel:
More than anything, more than anything
I'll shelter and adore you more than anything
Now Playing: Vanze - Forever
Lil Wayne:
'Cause I live by the sword and die by the sword
Heard police was lookin' for me, I'ma hide by a broad
Shootin' stars in my pocket; bitch, sit on my rocket
I'm wired out the socket, but still shockin'
Everybody wanna tell me what I need
You can play a role in my life but not the lead
If there's food for thought then I'm guilty of greed
Mama said, "Take what you want" – I took heed, yeah
Now Playing: Vanze - Forever (2 Tales Heaven Remix)
Weird Al Yankovic:
Oh Ricky, you're so fine
You're so fine, you blow my mind
Hey Ricky, hey Ricky
Oh Lucy, you're so fine
You're so fine, you blow my mind
Hey Lucy, hey Lucy
Oh Ricky, you're so fine
You play your bongos all the time
Hey Ricky, hey Ricky
Oh Lucy, you're so fine
How I love to hear you whine
Hey Lucy
Lucenzo:
La mano arriba, cintura sola
Da media vuelta, danza kuduro
No te canse' ahora, que esto solo empieza
Mueve la cabeza, danza kuduro
Joyner Lucas:
I'm feelin' like Will (Hey), I feel like a prince, I'm feelin' myself
(Buck, buck)
I'm loaded with bills (bills), 'cause I wasn't blessed with no Uncle Phil (Blah)
Don't know how it feels (feels), I wanted to flex, they told me to chill (Chill)
I'm makin' a flip (Flip), my life is a flick, now load up the film (Hey)
Krypto9095:
Woah, lookin' at my drip, lookin' at yo drip (Woah)
Mommy look at me, ooh, I'm killin' it (Woah)
Swinging side to side and I'm killin' that (Woah)
Damn yo' girl so fine, but her breath is like (Woah)
She said she wanna dance but she don't know how to (Woah)
I'm iced out, ooh, lookin' like a star (Woah)
Her name is Jenny, ooh, bitch don't have no panties (Woah)
I'm Steph Curry, when I hit the three, I hit the (Woah)
Now Playing: Sub Urban - Cradles (Coddex Remix)
Artemas:
I like the way you kiss me, I can tell you miss me
I can tell it hits, hits, hits, hits
Not tryna be romantic, I'll hit it from the back
Just so you don't get attached ('Tached, 'tached, 'tached)
I like the way you kiss me, I can tell you miss me
I can tell it hits, hits, hits, hits
Not tryna be romantic, I'll hit it from the back
Just so you don't get attached ('Tached, 'tached, 'tached)
Legend57 Rap Battles:
Oh, hi! I thought this weirdo died!
Maybe you should ditch this battle like your son and wife!
That's right!
A cancer who was more disease than man
Call me Tuco 2, you better GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN
(Baldi!, Baldi!) Baldi's in the elevator
You're a history lesson, not an educator
(Walter! Walter!) Walter's wife is up for taking!
Hope Ted thanked you for the generous donation
Your life sank. I blew up and laughed my way home to the bank
How could you possibly hope to protect your integrity here when you couldn't save Hank?
Nearly left your only friend in shackles (Oops!)
Just to bleed out and die because of some shiny shrapnel! (Hee-hee-hee!)
Papa Roach:
'Cause I'm losin' my sight, losin' my mind
Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine
Losin' my sight, losin' my mind
Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine
Nothing's alright, nothing is fine
Now Playing: Vamo - Endlessly Yours
Rednex:
If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe
I'd been married a long time ago
Where did you come from? Where did you go?
Where did you come from, Cotton-Eyed Joe?
If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe
I'd been married a long time ago
Where did you come from? Where did you go?
Where did you come from, Cotton-Eyed Joe?
Now Playing: Max Brhon - Cyperpunk
Greg Street:
Hairline fresh, new cologne on
Feelin' so good, change the color to my phone
Orange Kool-Aid go good with Patron
Oh no, hell no, boy is still my ring tone
Free car wash, had to clean up my Dodge
Give back when I can just playin' my part
Church folks had a fish fry mustard hot sauce
Light bread French fry, love for the big guy
Hit the park blowin', showin' off they hops
Nappy roots on the radio and you know it hot
Last night it hit the big three
Bought some air force one's four tall tee's
Man, I'm lovin' BG
We're gonna have, we're gonna have
We're gonna have a good day
And all my homies gonna ride today
And all these mommies look fly today
And all we wanna do is get by today
Hey, we're gonna have a good day
Now Playing: Julius Dreisig - Invisible
Don McLean:
So, bye-bye, Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee, but the levee was dry
And them good ol' boys were drinkin' whiskey and rye
Singin', "This'll be the day that I die
Steve Lacy:
Baby, you got something in your nose
Sniffin' that K, did you fill the hole?
Hope you find peace for yourself
New boyfriend ain't gon' fill the void
Do you even really like this track?
Take away the drugs, would you feel the noise?
More and more you try to run away
You fucking yourself, do you feel the toy?
Drake:
What the fuck is this, a twenty-v-one, ni**a?
What's a prince to a king? He a son, ni**a
Get more love in the city that you from, ni**a
Metro, shut your ho ass up and make some drums, ni**a
Yeah, I'm the 6ix God, I'm the frontrunner
Y'all ni**a manager was Chubbs lil' blunt runner
Claim the 6ix and you boys ain't even come from it
And when you boys got rich, you had to run from it
Cash blowin' Abel bread, out here trickin' (Out here trickin')
Shit we do for bitches, he doin' for ni**as (What the fuck?)
Jets, whips, chains, wicked, wicked, wicked (Wicked, wicked)
Spend it like you tryna fuck, boy, you trippin', boy, you trippin'
Drizzy Chip 'n Dale, probably got your bitch Chanel
I just got 'em done, boy, don't make me have to chip a nail
Rolling Loud stage, y'all were turnt, that was slick as hell
Shit'll probably change if your BM start to kiss and tell
Hugs and kisses, man, don't tell me 'bout no switches
I'll be rockin' every fuckin' chain I own next visit, ayy
I be with some bodyguards like Whitney
Top say drop, your little midget ass better fuckin'
Now Playing: RetroVision - Puzzle
Epic Rap Battles Of Bruh:
Yo yo squidward you’re a squid
Cause I’m about to whip this bitch like I do to my kids
I know it’s been tough so I’ll try not to be mean
In this battle let’s not show actual dead kids on the screen
When I see your shittypasta? I’m like: Hell no!
Your lines are more problematic than Transphobic Techno
You might have the gun, but I’ll be pullin’ the tri**a
Leave you lit up, have the crowd sayin DAAAMN- bruh
Will.i.am:
Bang, bang
Got him with a bang
Love him down, down
I shot my baby with a bang, bang
Got him with a bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Bang, bang
Now Playing: RetroVision - Puzzle (VIP Remix)
The Proclaimers:
But I would walk five hundred miles
And I would walk five hundred more
Just to be the man who walked a thousand
Miles to fall down at your door
Da-da da da
Now Playing: RetroVision - Puzzle (2024 Remix)
Awolnation:
I am a human being capable of doing terrible things
I am a human being capable of doing terrible things
I am a human being capable of doing terrible things
I am a human being capable of doing terrible things
There's lightning striking all over the world
There's lightning striking all over the world
There's lightning striking all over the world
There's lightning striking all over the world
Now Playing: Krewella - Alive
3Drinks:
I've been working all week (Get 'em), still can't make ends meet
And I've been getting no sleep, now I'm 'bout to freak
Yaelokre:
Harpy Hare, where have you buried all your children?
Tell me so I say
3Drinks:
I am truly burdened with this knowledge
Wish I partied more in college
Now I'm forty and about to die
There was a ton of stuff I was too scared to try
Like dark chocolate, drunk driving
Now I do both, and it's so exciting
You might think: "this is mean as hell"
But I can't die if I kill myself
Lil Dicky:
We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home
We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home
Now Playing: 501 - Kill Your Boss (Barely Alive Remix)
Eminem:
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
Your Favorite Martian:
I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now it's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High off of love, drunk from my hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love it the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it
Wait! Where you going?
"I'm leaving you" No you ain't!
Come back, we're running right back
Here we go again
It's so insane cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped
Who's that dude? I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess that I don't know my own strength
Now Playing: Kendrick Lamar - Not Like Us
T-I-P, coming live from the V.I.P
Heard the nightlife lost life without me
Both the feds and the state wanna see bout me
The whole city got biz-zerk, he got three
That other ni**a got a hit, but shawty, he not me (Naw)
Who set the city on fire as soon as he got freed
The King back now, hoes don't even know how to act now
Hit the club, strippers getting naked 'fore I sat down
Eminem:
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Well, I do, so fuck him, and fuck you too
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win? Wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Yo, shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
Now Playing: Kendrick Lamar - Not Like Us (Renzyx Remix)
Kendrick Lamar:
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, I'ma do my stuff
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, I'ma do my stuff
Wop, wop, wop, wop, Wop, wop, wop, wop
Wop, wop, wop, wop, Wop, wop, wop, wop
Wop, wop, wop, wop, Wop, wop, wop, wop
Wop, wop, wop, and it's probably A minor
They not like us
Bryant Oden:
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand
And he said to the man, running the stand
"Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?"
The man said "No, we just sell lemonade
But it’s cold and it's fresh, and it’s all home-made
Can I get you a glass?"
The duck said “I’ll pass.”
Kendrick Lamar:
They not like us! They not like us!
Now Playing: Tobu - Higher
KSI:
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
From the screen to the ring, to the pen, to the king
Where's my crown? That's my bling, always drama when I ring
See, I believe that if I see it in my heart
Smash through the ceiling 'cause I'm reaching for the stars
Woah-oh-oh
This is how the story goes
Woah-oh-oh
I guess this is how the story goes
I'm in the thick of it, everybody knows
They know me where it snows, I skied in and they froze (Woo)
I don't know no nothin' 'bout no ice, I'm just cold
Forty somethin' milli' subs or so, I've been told
Now Playing: AJSC The DJ - Great Heavens
Fetty Wap:
Ayy I got a Glock in my 'Rari, ayy
17 shots, no .38
I got a Glock in my 'Rari
17 shots, no .38
I'm like, yeah, she's fine
Wonder when she'll be mine
She walk past, I press rewind
To see that ass one more time
And I got this sewed up
Remy Boyz, they know us
All fast money, no slow bucks
No one can control us
Ayy, yeah, baby
Now Playing: Tobu - Candyland (Shirtless In Heaven Remix)
Your Favorite Martian:
I'm in love with a real girl
She's big in the real world
I saw her in a movie
And she blew me away
Have you ever loved a cartoon?
Deep down, I know you want to
You're the only one I'm drawn to
I wish somebody would've drawn you
Eminem:
Sixteen years old and completely unstoppable
Can't be dropped so I'm considered undroppable
Step my way and you must be insane
Don't come near me if you don't like pain
Suckers keep talkin' and I just about had it
This is my game and I'm the best at it
I write the rules and I'm the best in my division
I win by a knockout, never decision
Now Playing: Robyn The Bank - It’s Your Birthday
Chris Brown:
I don't see how you can hate from outside of the club
You can't even get in
Hahaha
Leggo
Yellow model chick, yellow bottle sippin'
Yellow Lamborghini, yellow top missin'
Yeah, yeah, that shit look like a toupée
I get what you get in ten years in two days
Ladies love me, I'm on my Cool J
If you get what I get, what would you say?
She wax it all off, Mr. Miyagi
And them suicide doors, hari-kari
Look at me now, look at me now (Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
Fresher than a muh'fucka
Lil' ni**a, bi**er than gorilla
'Cause I'm killin' every ni**a that can try to be on my shit
Better cuff your chick if you with her, I can get her
And she accidentally slip and fall on my dick
Oops, I said "On my dick"
I ain't really mean to say "On my dick"
But since we talkin' about my dick
All of you haters say hi to it
'Cause I'm feelin' like I'm runnin'
And I'm feelin' like I gotta get away, get away, get away
Better know that I don't and I won't ever stop
'Cause you know I gotta win everyday-day (Go)
See, they really really wanna pop me (Blow)
Just know that you will never flop me (Oh)
And I know that I can be a little cocky (No)
You ain't never gonna stop me
Kendrick Lamar:
You a body shamer, you gon' hide them baby mamas, ain't ya?
You embarrassed of 'em, that's not right, that ain't how mama raised us
Take that mask off, I wanna see what's under them achievements
Why believe you? You never gave us nothin' to believe in
'Cause you lied about religious views, you lied about your surgery
You lied about your accent and your past tense, all is perjury
You lied about your ghostwriters, you lied about your crew members
They all pussy, you lied on 'em, I know they all got you in 'em
Robyn The Bank:
It’s your birthday, it’s your birthday
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
It’s your birthday
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
Now, who’s birthday is it?
It’s your birthday, Happy birthday!
Now Playing: Different Heaven - Words Of Love
O Zone:
Alo! Salut!
Sunt eu, un haiduc!
Și te rog, iubirea mea
Primește fericirea
Alo! Alo!
Sunt eu, Picasso!
Ți-am dat beep, și sunt voinic
Dar să știi, nu-ți cer nimic
Vrei să pleci dar nu mă, nu mă iei
Nu mă, nu mă iei, nu mă, nu mă, nu mă iei
Chipul tău și dragostea din tei
Mi-amintesc de ochii tăi
Eminem:
Alright, stop, pajama time
Come here, little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand-new rap?
And I don't mean "rap" as in a new case
Of child molestation accusa—
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, no worries
Papa's got a brand-new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise?
I done touched on everything but little boys
And that's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bung-hole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it?
Give a little poot-poot, it's okay
Oops, my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip
Now I'm gonna make you dance
It's your chance, yeah, boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl, girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it (Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah)
Just lose it (Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah)
Go crazy (Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah)
Oh, baby (Ah-ah), oh, baby, baby (Ah-ah)
Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way 'til Sunday
Maybe 'til Monday, I don't know what day
Every day's just a holiday
Now Playing: Eminem - So Far
Eminem:
I own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew
Now Playing: Sharks - Geometry Dance
Eminem:
This always happens
Thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin
Only option I have's McDonalds's bathroom
In a public stall, droppin' a football
So every time someone walks in the john, I get maddened
"Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened to run out of tissue
Yeah, hand me that, on second thought I'd be glad then
"Thanks, dawg! Name's Todd, a big fan"
I wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
Told him: "Todd, you're the shit," when's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub, harassin'
I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash
Now Playing: Eminem - So Far
Eminem:
Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I could never turn my back on a city that made me
And
Now Playing: Sharks - Geometry Dance
Eminem:
(Life's been good to me so far)
They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned 40 and still sag—teenagers act more fuckin' mature, Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I'll leave on my own terms, asshole
I'm goin' berzerk
My nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people, look at her dag
Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged
And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick
(Yeah?) word, skag
We'd be the perfect match
'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies, no disrespect to technology
But what the heck's all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda?
Be an expert at computers?
Now Playing: AJSC The DJ - Signal Lost
Hazbin Hotel:
'Cause I know you're poison
You're feedin' me poison
Addicted to this feelin', I can't help but swallow
Up your poison
I made my choice, and
Every night I'm livin' like there's no tomorrow
Your Favorite Martian:
Jupiter, you're on my mind
The clock will turn the gears of time
I only want to be with you
Symmetry can lean askew
Linkin Park:
I tried so hard and got so far
But in the end, it doesn't even matter
I had to fall to lose it all
But in the end, it doesn't even matter
Now Playing: Jackal - Shakedown (Loudpvck Remix)
Epic Rap Battles Of History:
Epic Rap Battles of History!
Adam Vs.Eve
Begin!
This battle's gonna end like every argument does
With you kissing my ass and begging me for a rub
I made a map, motherfucker, and I'm reading it too
Gives me specific directions how to fuck with you
I know that you like to think you're so macho
But you smell like ballsacks and nachos
I work while you and your boyfriend Steve
Drink and play sports in a Fantasy League
You're as sharp as a stick that I rub on my lips
So go ahead, take a shot, I'm sure that you'll miss
Like the laundry, the toilet, the grocery list
If you'd stop fucking up I wouldn't have to get pissed
My life was fine 'til you had to come along and wreck it
Could you please just shut your face for ten seconds?
You cry about everything, but can't decide what you want
"I'm hungry", "I'm fat", "I'm cold", "I'm hot"
Now Playing: Different Heaven - Nekozilla
Blackbear:
Fuck you, and you, and you
I hate your friends and they hate me too
I'm through, I'm through, I'm through
This that hot girl bummer anthem
Turn it up and throw a tantrum
This that hot girl bummer anthem
Turn it up and throw a tantrum
This that throw up in your Birkin bag
Hook up with someone random
This that social awkward suicide
That buy your lips and buy your likes
I swear she had a man
But shit hit different when it's Thursday night
Marshmello:
I've been runnin' through the jungle
I've been runnin' with the wolves
To get to you, to get to you
I've been down the darkest alleys
Saw the dark side of the moon
To get to you, to get to you
Sage The Gemini:
Black money, let them hoes say amen
I'm just trying to make it clear, boy, Ray-Bans
I'm a great man, woah, say a friend
I play a hole every night, DJ Amen
Room full of boppers, tell them give me topper
Beat it, beat it up, 9-1-1, hit the coppers
I'm S-A-G-E, who would like to know?
Fee-fi-fo-fum, large meat in your throat, heh
West-side, baby, do what you do
And you got tail, what that shit do?
It's pretty ni**a mob, it's that's the way that I grew
I be steppin' up in the club, they make 'em drop to my shoe
And her dude mad 'cause I spooned, but I don't give a fork
Silverware a ni**a out if he actin' a poor spork
You's a dork, grab a girl and get a yank-in'
Got a booty like Hoopz, I'm trying to make-it, woah
Now Playing: Eveningland - Love Now
Drake:
Kendrick just opened his mouth, someone go hand him a Grammy right now
Where is your uncle at? 'Cause I wanna talk to the man of the house
West Coast ni**as do fades, right? Come get this ass whoopin', I'm handin' 'em out
You wanna take up for Pharrell? Then come get his legacy out of my house
Hilary Duff:
It's not how I pictured this
It's better than it
Will we regret the things we said?
Picture it getting better than this
Let it live inside our head
Roddy Ricch:
I just lost my dawg
Ni**a, my brother taught me how to chase the bag
Get right in the field, I had to make a bag
The day he lost his soul, wish I could take it back
DMX:
X gon' give it to ya (What?)
Fuck waitin' for you to get it on your own, X gon' deliver to ya (Uh)
Knock-knock, open up the door, it's real
With the non-stop pop-pop from stainless steel
Go hard, gettin' busy with it (Ooh)
But I got such a good heart that I'll make a motherfucker wonder if he did it
Bitch please, (Come on) if the only thing you cats did
Was came out to play, stay out my way, motherfucker
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (What)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
Now Playing: Venemy - Need You Now
Maverick Saber:
I need, sunshine
I need, angels
I need... something good, yeah
I need, blue skies
I need, them old times
I need... something good, yeah, something good
Kelly Clarkson:
What is this feelin' takin' over?
Thinkin' no one could open the door
Surprise, it's time
To feel what's real
What happened to Miss Independent?
No longer need to be defensive
Goodbye, old you
When love is true
Drake:
Last name Ever, first name Greatest
Like a sprained ankle, boy, I ain't nothin' to play with
Started off local, but thanks to all the haters
I know G-IV pilots on a first name basis
In your city, faded off the brown, Nino
She insist she got more class, we know
Swimmin' in the money, come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club, you know I balled, chemo
Dropped the mixtape, that shit sounded like a album
Who'da thought a countrywide tour'd be the outcome?
Labels want my name beside a X, like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah, ni**a, I'm about my business
Killin' all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is askin' for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness, bitches
Now Playing: Avicii - Wake Me Up
Dua Lipa:
Did a full one-eighty, crazy
Thinking 'bout the way I was
Did the heartbreak change me? Maybe
But look at where I ended up
I'm all good already
So moved on, it's scary
I'm not where you left me at all, so
If you don't wanna see me dancing with somebody
Helluva Boss:
Hey, I'm whatchu need, I'm whatchu want
I got it all, a carnivale
I'll bring you up, I'll take you down
I'm sticky sweet, stuck in your teeth like cotton candy
Cotton candy (Ah-ah, ah-ah)
Cotton candy (Ah-ah, ah-oh)
Cotton candy (Ah-ah, ah-ah)
I'm whatchu want, not whatchu need (Ah-ah, ah-oh)
Hey, I don't know why (Why)
I'm whatchu want, but it's the truth (Truth)
I'm not your lie (Lie)
Let them eat cake, let them eat pie (Pie)
Or better yet, let them eat cotton candy
Helluva Boss (Again):
When I see him
When I see him, I'm gonna do that thing he likes
I will change things
No need to change things
I'll just bring the rope and spikes
Oh gods!
We've got a nice arrangement and it's working out just fine
We'll keep it light
I'll fucking die alone if this goes bad
When I see him tonight
Now Playing: Aero Chord - Drop It
I ain't never rep a set, baby (Tsk, tsk)
I ain't do no wrong
I could clean up good for you
Oh, I know right from wrong
'Cause I wanna make it so badly
I'm a million-dollar baby, don't at me
Never rep a set, baby (Tsk, tsk)
I ain't do no wrong
I could clean up
Set, baby (Tsk, tsk) I ain't do no wrong
I could clean up
Set, baby
Set, baby
Set, baby
Set, baby
Set, Set, Set, Set
Set, Set, Set, Set
Set, Set, Set
Set, Set, Set
Set, Set, Set
Set
Spacebar Kace & Omega Nova:

Now Playing: Two Friends - Wrong Way
5 Seconds Of Summer:
Youngblood
Say you want me, say you want me back in your life
So I'm just a dead man crawlin' tonight
'Cause I need it, yeah, I need it all of the time, yeah
Maroon 5:
This love has taken its toll on me
She said goodbye too many times before
And her heart is breaking in front of me
And I have no choice
'Cause I won't say goodbye anymore
Blink 182:
Don't waste your time on me, you're already
The voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you)
Don't waste your time on me, you're already
The voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you)
Now Playing: ColBreakz - 30000
Mac Miller:
I never take a day off
Work around the clock, my engineer gettin' paid off
Rock like Aesop, light the weed and take off
So high I cannot see, Adolf
Now I got these rappers all breakin' up a sweat
'Cause every time I get up on the mic, it come correct
And I learned it from the best
Always dressed in somethin' fresh
Lookin' for a little dime, big butt and nice chest
Yes, they heard I used to rock Guess
But now I'm rockin' clothes that ain't in the stores yet
Travel back in time, I'm in a vortex
Tryna make it work out, think I need more reps
Used to take a bus, now the boy board jets
'Cause K.I.D.S. got me buzzin' like a fuckin' hornet
They say I got next, tell them that I got now
It's all Disney, boy, my family Proud
Make 'em say, "Ow,"
Limp Bizkit:
It's just one of those days when you don't wanna wake up
Everything is fucked, everybody sucks
You don't really know why, but you wanna justify
Rippin' someone's head off
No human contact, and if you interact
Your life is on contract
Your best bet is to stay away, motherfucker!
It's just one of those days
It's all about the he says/she says bullshit
I think you better quit lettin' shit slip
Or you'll be leavin' with a fat lip
It's all about the he says/she says bullshit
I think you better quit talkin' that shit
It's just one of those days, feelin' like a freight train
First one to complain leaves with a blood stain
Damn right, I'm a maniac, you better watch your back
'Cause I'm fuckin' up your program!
And if you're stuck up, you're just lucked up
Next in line to get fucked up
Your best bet is to stay away, motherfucker!
It's just one of those days
Now Playing: AJSC The DJ - Sprunki
Luke Combs:
You got a fast car
And I want a ticket to anywhere
Maybe we make a deal
Maybe together we can get somewhere
Any place is better
Startin' from zero, got nothin' to lose
Maybe we'll make something
Me, myself, I got nothin' to prove
Noah Kahan:
I ain't proud of all the punches that I've thrown
In the name of someone I no longer know
For the shame of bein' young, drunk, and alone
Traffic lights and a transmitter radio
Jay Eazy:
I was never book smart, I'm money smart, makes me more intelligent
Call me Mr. Rock festival, I got hella bands
Shawty cute, and her circle too, told her get a friend
She gon' make me slide with my dog like I'm Mega Man
Now Playing: Vibe Tracks - Faith
Afroman:
Hey if everybody crowd around the mic'
I'll tell you all these motherfuckin' jokes I got
First I'm gonna start off like that, hey help me sing it, homeboy
Said Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed
As the marijuana burn, we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech & Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
Blink 182:
All the small things
True care, truth brings
I'll take one lift
Your ride, best trip
Always, I know
You'll be at my show
Watching, waiting
Commiserating
Jon Bellion:
I was the knight in shining armor in your movie
Would put your lips on mine and love the aftertaste
Now I'm a ghost, I call your name, you look right through me
You're the reason I'm alone and masturbate
I (I, I), yeah, I been trying to fix my pride
But that shit's broken, that shit's broken
Lie (Lie, lie), lie, l-lie I tried to hide
But now you know it
That I'm at an all time
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low
Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low (Woo, woah, oh-oh)
Kyle:
I ain't been gettin' high
Well, maybe a little, baby, I don't wanna lie
I know when you text me, girl, I don't always reply
Well you're not an angel either, you can't even fly (Yeah)
I noticed, you think that you know shit (Why you know?)
All this shade that's comin' at me, I wonder who throws it (Throws it)
They can't see the vision, boy they must be out of focus (Out of focus)
That's a real hot album homie, I wonder who wrote it, oh shit (Woo!)
Otay, pray them ni**as go away (Go away)
Always hella clowns around, it look like Cirque Du Soleil (Soleil)
This is not the album either, these are just the throwaways
This shit still so cold when it drop, it's gonna be a mothafuckin' snow day
24kGoldn:
I don't want a valentine, I just want Valentino
I just want the neck, I poke her face like a casino
Deep throat, know I get it in like a free throw
Shawty want some mo', she just can't seem to keep her knees closed
I don't want a valentine, I just want Valentino
I just want the neck, I poke her face like a casino
Deep throat, know I get it in like a free throw
Shawty want some mo', she just can't seem to keep her knees closed
The Killers:
Comin' out of my cage and I've been doin' just fine
Gotta, gotta be down because I want it all
It started out with a kiss, how did it end up like this?
It was only a kiss, it was only a kiss
Now I'm falling asleep and she's calling a cab
While he's having a smoke and she's taking a drag
Now they're goin' to bed and my stomach is sick
And it's all in my head, but she's touching his
Chest now
He takes off her dress now
Let me 