

Yo gimme yo candy, hand me over your bag of treats
Snatch your stupid mask off, the middle of this faggot street
(Yeah) Jackin' beats, yo we fuckin' scared stupid
Munchin' on two Twix, we're sweet as 
Suckin' on sugar yo we endin' up toothless
Rambunctious and useless, yo we  
Like gimme all yo treats,  like two bricks
Wrap you up in a white sheet, we're torturin' you, boo, bitch!
Shrunk it up, yo we carvin' a jack o' lantern
 like why would you support this
Hack another camper, body parts in the hamper
Dancin' with the Devil in the moon, the product 
We're cenobites, yo we breakin' in the dead of night
Glorified gore, die, tie you up this shit is tight (Ha ha)
Fuck yo life, yo it's Halloween havoc
A chair shot to the face, that contusion is massive
Flossin' with the Kit Kats yeah the cavity's jagged
Lookin' like a mummified petrified of Mick Jagger faggot
It's Hollow Wiener, and you look a little squeamish
We the meanest beasts and all you heathens call us Reese's Pieces
'Cause it's Whipstick, 8 Legz, DZK
Dubbie Dubbs, Thugzy Bunny, and we callin' you gay (All of us)
Factored with the fact you're battered broken bloodied and frayed
Never thought you ever would've been slaughtered this way (Night night)
You might also like
Hello!
What the hell?
Yeah, trick or treat, motherfucker
Honey, it's some retarded dude with a boner
So what if it's half chub? Just give me the goddamn candy
Get a job and go buy your own shit, you bum
Gimme the fuckin' candy
You look like a fuckin' chomo, dude, I'm callin' the cops
You made me do this!
Oh shit!
*Gunshot*
(Here we go, bitch!)

Wouldn't put it past me to make this assumption
That if I blast you in the mouth you gon' forfeit that pumpkin
Filled with various goodies I'ma eat, just to make it safe
So I did you a favor, but you can eat the razor blades, ay
Legz is faded, reason I made us this little cage
So you can be my pet and I can up and neglect you for days
Dissect you in ways, you think I did this professionally (Nope)
Break the case, I'm just good at fucking improvising
Ding dong ditch! Don't think I'm doin' this right (Uh uh)
Dude answered the door, I straight punched him in the windpipe
Ransacked his house while listenin' to his damn wife
Scream about an intruder, but I ain't seen one (Damn right)
Bitches gettin' wrapped in plastic hangin' from a tree
Decorating at its finest, watch 'em sway in the breeze
Call 'em Halloween cocoons, exposed to the elements
Finally hatch up in the spring, yeah, as beautiful skeletons, ha
(Yeah) So malevolent, that's why we stay beheading them
So how the fuck they gonna convict me without no evidence?
(Bitch) Tracks are covered like I did a song payin' homage
Alibi is I was at your mom's playing bondage (Put in the ball gag)
But for real, best time of the year
Go on, say my name, three times in the mirror (Do it)
Nothing's gonna fuckin' happen, don't expect me to appear
I'ma just say you a fan being obsessive and weird, ugh
Hi
Hey, trick or treat
Um, aren't you a little old? You're like thirty
Um, well aren't you a little horizontally tall to be holding all that candy?
Excuse me
I said, aren't you a little fuckin' fat-
What the fuck?
To be hoarding all that fuckin' ca- what the fuck
Get the fuck off my porch right now, you little piece of shit!
 bitch! Get the fuck off me!

If it's Halloween night, you can arguably find me
At your party dressed up like the Harviest Weinstein
In your yard with a jar of this eye cream
Apply it to your car, I'ma darken the high beams
Kids divin' out the way when you drivin'
Nobody see you comin' like Bill Cosby fuckin' 'em
Super Famous Fun Time with DZ
Lime green army fatigues y'all can't see me
Armed with TP in your neighbor's treehouse
Pull my pants down, take a shit then peace out
Leave numerous treats for you in the streets
I got a humorous streak, you as stupid as me? (I doubt it)
Got drunk, found myself in a moon bounce
One flip kick got a kid with his tooth out
Spewin' loose crowns, now his mouth is a puke spout
Ground covered in new guts and fuckin' fruit cups (Wow)
Question, if my mugshot is, what do you call it
Blackface? But because I'm covered in chocolate
Is it racist? Why don't you stop talkin'
Rescue me, dog, cue to Sarah McLachlan
Oh shit, I'm in the arms of a angel
Nope, that's just Whipstick, mushrooms just kicked in
Not fucked up enough for this dip shit
Where the fuck am I? I get hit by a semi?
(Door opening sound effect)
Well, look what we have here, a bunch of trick-or-treaters
A bunch of middle-aged men in wrestling masks, hey guys
Uh, you in the back, are you supposed to be?
Uh, what, are you Michael Myers?
No, no, no, Michael Mayer
I'm John Mayer's twin brother
I think he's like a vegan pedophile
So it's objectively more terrifying

It's Thugzy Bunnie, back like a cicada, back seven years later
(Um, it's seventeen) Yeah, so that was made up
I'm known to rap without factual data
Well it's hard to fact check when I'm still rockin' a pager
Are you a doctor? Hm, well kinda
I can take a scalpel and carve a pumpkin in your vagina (Yup)
Or I can carve a vagina into a pumpkin
I'm surgical with cunts, just tell me what you want, bitch
(Talk dirty to me, Thugzy) I just did
(How you gonna fuck me, Bunnie?) Um, with this dick
(Come on, I'm ready for you, honey) This bitch
Come on, trick, that's why you got six kids (God damn!)
I had that bitch's back packed like she's Dora (Backpack, backpack)
And now she's lovin' me, buggin' me like D'Vorah (Bzzz)
I called ICE on her ass to deport her (Get out of here!)
And I'm still tryin' to dodge her
(Don't do a nineties reference, don't do a nineties reference)
Tommy Lasorda (Fuck!)
I made her lick my poop chute while we parachute
I call that Skyrim, dude you should try it
Squirt like a hydrant and scream like a siren
My butt cheeks will flap 
It's Halloween and my wiener will spit kids
All on your mom's pumpkins so lick jizz
So don't bring me to your functions, you punk bitch
I don't trick-or-treat, but I'll treat a trick dick

Hold on, I'm comin'
Probably the trick-or-treaters
Oh look, it's a bunny
Honey, look, it's a bunny
We're in a simulation!
Oh my God, he's drunk
We're all in a simulation!
Honey, his pants are down!
This is just a simulation!
Honey, call the police!
Mommy, I can see his wee-wee!
We're all in a fuckin' simulation!

Yo, see me stompin' down your block with my backpack
Packed to the brim with a strap and like mad snacks
Balls bulging out the costume, a black cat
I hear the mommies all behind me like, "That ass fat"
Snatching candy out this kid's bag, let it go
I'm trick-or-treating in neighborhoods you would never go
And yo I'm lookin' for the house that got the edibles
Stuffin' gummies in my mouth, "These are incredible"
Whoa, I'm so baked I made a mistake
Took a wrong turn being chased outside of a lake
This motherfucker wanna play? I'm violent today
I smacked his mask off, "Hey, what's wrong with his face! Huh?"
Then I escaped into a cabin
Took a weed nap and I think I'm hearin' some scratchin'
Robert Englund appeared, he was tryin' to scare me, man
Said, "No offense, but I'm more of a Scary Terry fan, bitch"
I made my way back to the neighborhood
Lookin' for Sarah Sanderson so I can lay the wood
She better give me mine, I told her, "Yo
I'm not a little kid, but you can suck the soul out of me any time"
That's when I see 'em down the way (Who?)
A couple butt buddies, a bunny, and DZK (Weird)
Should've probably let it be, but I told Whip to suck it
Yoked him up and gave him a fuckin' Triple H Pedigree

Trick or treat
What do you want?
Uh, like, is your mom or dad home?
No
What do you mean no? What are you like seven?
What are you like fifty? You look ridiculous
Why don't you mind your fuckin' business and give me some fucking candy?
This is my candy, I just got back from trick-or-treating
Don't be stingy! Give me some fuckin' candy
You don't look like you need any more candy, you fat asshole
Rude

This is Super Famous Fun Time Guys
Whipstick, 8 Legz, Dubbs, Thugzy Bunnie, and DZK
Comin' at you Halloween 2019, baby, all 