
1 ContributorPimp of the Nation (Jackal & Hyde remix) LyricsThere's only two types of men
Pimps and John's
There's one type of bitch
And that's a hoe
God damn holly hooker this is my world
God damn time to go
Where's my dough
It's startin to snow
All I want is the dollas
I've been a pimp so long I knew gahndi when he had an afro
Pimp, hold my dick like a holster
All the girls want a Kid Rock poster
And be able to both stay looked at
The number one pimp with the number one rap
What's up with that
Well I'm a cool cat
With the rap
That's harder than a pimp slap
And because I do so much pimpin
One day I'll probably walk with a limp
And drive a big Lincoln
Wearin an unbuttoned shirt
And be a fifty-five year old pervert
But for now rap's the occupation
But one day watch I'll be Pimp Of The Nation
You might also likeHoes are rustlic
Daddy's in the house
We got hoes and hoes and hoes
Prices so low
We pratically given the coochie coo away
Shake that booty, Shake that booty
Its not a bake sell, its a cake sell
God Damn It
Pimp of the Nation, I could be it
As a matter of a fact, I for see it
But only pimpin hoes with the big tush
While you be left pimpin Barbra Bush
What's up granny
First name Annie
Dried up cunt and a saggin fanny
The highlight of your sex adventures
You wanna suck this take out your denchers
A show of life is all I'm givin
Old pimp young hoes is how I'm livin
But for now rap's the occupation
But watch one day I'll be Pimp Of The Nation
I got all the hookers, God Damn It
I got Sensational Sherry, Juicy Lucy, Nasty Nancy, and Tammy Toe Jam
All of them ready, willing, and able to give the mack daddy all the dollas
And all the coochie coo till death do we part
Hahahaha
I have hoes like horses in a stable
Rich, famous, willing, and able
First off Ja Ja Kubore and tiffer gore
Is my highest paid whore
And for some hot booty waxin
Fake ass Latoya Jackson
Rosanne Barr is my newest trick
While on the beach I prune her with the dick
And the bitch who fucks with my cash
Robin Givens I'll whip your ass
Yeah Kid Rock, Kid Rock
Don't you fuck with me
I'll be Pimp of the Nation
Bitc...bit...bitc...bit...bitch
One nation under a pimp
Gettin paid cause suckers is pussy whipped
One nation under a pimp
Gettin paid cause suckers is pussy whipped
One nation under a pimp
Gettin paid cause suckers is pussy whipped
One nation under a pimp
Gettin paid cause suckers is pussy whipped
Ah yeah who's pimpin out there
Uh huh
The Midwest is pimpin
Detroit is pimpin
Mt. Clemens is pimpin
Romeo is pimpin
The black man he pimpin
KDC he's pimpin
Bo your pimpin
I said Tom he's pimpin
Chuck and Murph their pimpin
D he's pimpin
Boner is pimpin
Ben he pimpin
Ralph C is pimpin
The young brothers are pimpin
Eli your pimpin
I said Tony your pimpin
Hey Chicago your pimpin
Mr. Lee your pimpin
My pops is pimpin
My bro D he's pimpin
Jay C he's pimpin
Dice Sound is pimpin
Dougie Doug is pimpin
D-Nice he's pimpin
Chuck Nice is pimpin
Barry White he's pimpin
New York's pimpin
I said Philly is pimpin
Oakland your pimpin
Too Short your pimpin
Arseno Hall your pimp...pimp...pimpin
Eddie Murphy your pimpin
Jive Records your pimpin
RCA is pimpin
Top Dogg is pimpin
Michael Jackson, Ah you ain't pimpin shit
Ah hah hah
Word em up
Word em up
Kid Rock
Kid...Kid Rock
Kid...Kid Rock
And I'm Pimp of the Nation
Hah hah haha
Word
You stay on third base
I'm goin home with the bacon baby
Hahahaha

1 ContributorEmerson’s “Self-Reliance” Redux LyricsI read the other day some verses written by an eminent painter which were original and not conventional.  The soul always hears an admonition in such lines, let the subject be what it may.  The sentiment they instill is of more value than any thought they may contain.  To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men,--that is genius.  Speak your latent conviction, and it shall be the universal sense; for the inmost in due time becomes the outmost,--and our first thought is rendered back to us by the trumpets of the Last Judgment.  Familiar as the voice of the mind is to each, the highest merit we ascribe to Moses, Plato, and Milton is, that they set at naught books and traditions, and spoke not what men but what they thought.  A man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which flashes across his mind from within, more than the luster of the firmament of bards and sages.  Yet he dismisses without notice his thought, because it is his.  In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts:  they come back to us with a certain alienated majesty.  Great works of art have no more affecting lesson for us than this.  They teach us to abide by our spontaneous impression with good-humored inflexibility then most when the whole cry of voices is on the other side.  Else, to-morrow a stranger will say with masterly good sense precisely what we have thought and felt all the time, and we shall be forced to take with shame our own opinion from another
The author relates to the reader how when he read a piece of poetry he was struck by how original it was.  He thought to himself that its originality reminded him that being true to your own thought is the key to brilliance.  It’s not the content of your though so much as how truly the thought belongs to you
Self-Reliance
By Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Ne te quaesiveris extra”
“Man is his own star; and the soul that can
Render an honest and a perfect man
Commands all light, all influence, all fate;
Nothing to him falls early or too late
Our acts our angels are, or good or ill
Our fatal shadows that walk by us still.”
Epilogue to Beaumont and Fletcher’s Honest Man’s Fortune
There is a time in every man’s education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till.  The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.  Not for nothing one face, one character, one fact, makes much impression on him, and another none.  .
Trust thyself:  every heart vibrates to that iron string.  Accept the place the divine providence has found for you, the society of your contemporaries, the connection of events.  Great men have always done so, and confided themselves childlike to the genius of their age, betraying their perception that the absolutely trustworthy was seated at their heart, working through their hands, predominating in all their being.  And we are now men, and must accept in the highest mind the same transcendent destiny; and not minors and invalids in a protected corner, not cowards fleeing before a revolution but guides, redeemers, and benefactors, obeying the Almighty effort, and advancing on Chaos and the Dark
What pretty oracles nature yields us on this text, in the face and behavior of children, babes, and even brutes!  That divided and rebel mind, that distrust of a sentiment because our arithmetic has computed the strength and means opposed to our purpose, these have not.  Their mind being whole, their eye is as yet unconquered, and when we look in their faces, we are disconcerted.  Infancy conforms to nobody:  all conform to it, so that one babe commonly makes four or five out of the adults who prattle and play to it.  So God has armed youth and puberty and manhood no less with its own piquancy and charm, and made it enviable and gracious and its claims not to be put by, if it will stand by itself.  Do not think the youth has no force, because he cannot speak to you and me.  Hark!  In the next room his voice is sufficiently clear and emphatic.  It seems he knows how to speak to his contemporaries.  Bashful or bold, then, he will know how to make us seniors very unnecessary
The nonchalance of boys who are sure of a dinner, and would disdain as much as a lord to do or say aught to conciliate one, is the healthy attitude of human nature.  A boy is in the parlour what the pit is in the playhouse; independent, irresponsible, looking out from his corner on such people and facts as pass by, he tries and sentences them on their merits, in the swift, summary way of boys, as good, bad, interesting, silly, eloquent, troublesome.  He cumbers himself never about consequences, about interests:  he gives an independent, genuine verdict.  You must court him:  he does not court you.  But the man is, as it were, clapped into jail by his consciousness.  As soon as he has once acted or spoken with éclat, he is a committed person, watched by the sympathy or the hatred of hundreds, whose affections must now enter into his account.  There is no Lethe for this.  Ah, that he could pass again into his neutrality!  Who can thus avoid all pledges, and having observed, observe again from the same unaffected, unbiased, unbribable, unaffrighted innocence, must always be formidable.  He would utter opinions on all passing affairs, which being seen to be not private, but necessary, would sink like darts into the ears of men, and put them in fear
These are the voices which we hear in solitude, but they grow faint and inaudible as we enter into the world.  Society everywhere is in conspiracy against the manhood of every one of its members.  Society is a joint-stock company, in which the members agree, for the better securing of his bread to each shareholder, to surrender the liberty and culture of the eater.  The virtue in most request is conformity.  Self-reliance is its aversion.  It loves not realities and creators, but names and customs
Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist.  He who would gather immortal palms must not be hindered by the name of goodness; but must explore if it be goodness.   Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.  Absolve you to yourself, and you shall have the suffrage of the world.  I remember an answer which when quite young I was prompted to make to a valued adviser, who was won't to importune me with the dear old doctrines of the church.  On my saying, What have I to do with the sacredness of traditions if I live wholly from within?  my friend suggested,--“But these impulses may be from below, not from above.”  I replied, “They do not seem to me to be such; but if I am the Devil’s child, I will live then from the Devil.”  No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature.  Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my constitution, the only wrong what is against it.   A man is to carry himself in the presence of all opposition, as if every thing were titular and ephemeral but he.  I am ashamed to think how easily we capitulate to badges and names, to large societies and dead institutions.  Every decent and well-spoken individual affects and sways me more than is right.  I ought to go upright and vital, and speak the rude truth in all ways.   If malice and vanity wear the coat of philanthropy, shall that pass?  If an angry bigot assumes this bountiful cause of Abolition, and comes to me with his last news from Barbadoes, why should I not say to him, “Go love thy infant; love thy wood-chopper: be good-natured and modest: have that grace; and never varnish your hard, uncharitable ambition with this incredible tenderness for black folk a thousand miles off.  Thy love afar is spite at home.’  Rough and graceless would be such greeting, but truth is handsomer than the affectation of love.  Your goodness must have some edge to it,--else it is none.  The doctrine of hatred must be preached as the counteraction of the doctrine of love when that pules and whines.  I shun father and mother and wife and brother, when my genius calls me.  I would write on the lintels of the door-post, Whim.  I hope it is somewhat better than whim at last, but we cannot spend the day in explanation.  Expect me not to show cause why I seek or why I exclude company. .
Virtues are, in the popular estimate, rather the exception than the rule.  There is the man and his virtues.  Men do what is called a good action, as some piece of courage or charity, much as they would pay a fine in expiation of daily nonappearance on parade.  Their works are done as an apology or extenuation of their living in the world--as invalids and the insane pay a high board.  Their virtues are penances.  I do not wish to expiate, but to live.  My life is for itself and not for a spectacle.  I much prefer that it should be of a lower strain, so it be genuine and equal, than that it should be glittering and unsteady.  I wish it to be sound and sweet, and not to need diet and bleeding.  I ask primary evidence that you are a man, and refuse this appeal from the man to his actions.  I know that for myself it makes not difference whether I do or forbear those actions which are reckoned excellent.  I cannot consent to pay for a privilege where I have intrinsic right.  Few and mean as my gifts may be, I actually am, and do not need for my own assurance or the assurance of my fellows any secondary testimony
What I must do is all that concerns me, not what the people think.  This rule, equally arduous in actual and in intellectual life, may serve for the whole distinction between greatness and meanness.  It is the harder, because you will always find those who think they know what is your duty better than you know it.  It is easy in the world to live after the world’s opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps the perfect sweetness of the independence of solitude
The objection to conforming to usages that have become dead to you is, that it scatters your force.  It loses your time and blurs the impression of your character.  If you maintain a dead church, contribute to a dead Bible-society, vote with a great party either for the government or against it, spread your table like base housekeepers--under all these screens I have difficulty to detect the precise man you are.  And, of course, so much force is withdrawn from your proper life.  But do your work, and I shall know you.  Do your work, and you shall reinforce yourself.  A man must consider what a blindman’s-buff is this game of conformity.  If I know your sect, I anticipate your argument.  I hear a preacher announce for his text and topic the expedience of one of the institutions of his church.  Do I not know beforehand that not possibly can he say a new and spontaneous word?  Do I not know that, with all this ostentation of examining the grounds of the institution, he will do no such ting?  Do I not know that he is pledged to himself not to look but at one side,--the permitted side, not as a man, but as a parish minister?  He is a retained attorney, and these airs of the bench are the emptiest affectation.  Well, most men have bound their eyes with one or another handkerchief, and attached themselves to some one of these communities of opinion.  This conformity makes them not false in a few particulars, authors of a few lies, but false in all particulars.  Their every truth is not quite true.  Their two is not the real two, their four not the real four; so that every word they say chagrins us, and we know not where to begin to set them right.  Meantime nature is not slow to equip us in the prison-uniform of the party to which we adhere.  We come to wear one cut of face and figure, and acquire by degrees the gentlest asinine expression.  There is a mortifying experience in particular, which does not fail to wreak itself also in the general history; I mean “the foolish face of praise,” the forced smile which we put on in company where we do not feel at ease in answer to conversation which does not interest us.  The muscles, not spontaneously moved, but moved by a low usurping willfulness, grow tight about the outline of the face with the most disagreeable sensation
For nonconformity the world whips you with its displeasure.  And therefore a man must know how to estimate a sour face.  The by-standers look askance on him in the public street or in the friend’s parlour.  If this aversation had its origin in contempt and resistance like his own, he might well go home with a sad countenance; but the sour faces of the multitude, like their sweet faces, have no deep cause, but are put on and off as the wind blows and a newspaper directs.  Yet is the discontent of the multitude more formidable than that of the senate and the college.  It is easy enough for a firm man who knows the world to brook the rage of the cultivated classes.  Their rage is decorous and prudent, for they are timid as being very vulnerable themselves.  But when to their feminine rage the indignation of the people is added, when the ignorant and the poor are aroused, when the unintelligent brute force that lies at the bottom of society is made to growl and mow, it needs the habit of magnanimity and religion to treat it godlike as a trifle of no concernment
The other terror that scares us from self-trust is our consistency; a reverence for our past act or word, because the eyes of others have no other data for computing our orbit than our own past acts, and we are loath to disappoint them
But why should you keep your head over your shoulder?  Why drag about this corpse of your memory, lest you contradict somewhat you have state in this or that public place?  Suppose you should contradict yourself; what then? . .
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.  With consistency a great soul has simply nothing to do.  He may as well concern himself with his shadow on the wall.  Speak what you think now in hard words, and to-morrow speak what tomorrow thinks in hard words again, though it contradict everything you said to-day.—‘Ah, so you shall be sure to be misunderstood.’—Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood?  Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh.  To be great is to be misunderstood
. .
I hope in these days we have heard the last of conformity and consistency.  Let the words be gazette and ridiculous henceforward.  Instead of the gong for dinner, let us hear a whistle from the Spartan fife.  Let us never bow and apologize more.  A great man is coming to eat at my house.  I do not wish to please him; I wish that he should wish to please me.  I will stand here for humanity, and though I would make it kind, I would make it true.  Let us affront and reprimand the smooth mediocrity and squalid contentment of the times, and hurl in the face of custom, and trade, and office, the fact which is the upshot of all history, that there is a great responsible Thinker and Actor working wherever a man works; that a true man belongs to no other time or place, but is the centre of things.  Where he is, there is nature.  He measures you, and all men, and all events.  Ordinarily every body in society reminds us of somewhat else, or of some other person.  Character, reality, reminds you of nothing else; it takes place of the whole creation.  The man must be so much, that he must make all circumstances indifferent.  Every true man is a cause, a country, and an age; requires infinite spaces and numbers and time fully to accomplish his design; --and posterity seem to follow his steps as a train of clients.  A man Caesar is born, and for ages after we have a Roman Empire.  Christ is born, and millions of minds so grow and cleave to his genius, that he is confounded with virtue and the possible of man.  An institution is the lengthened shadow of one man; as, Monachism, of the Hermit Antony; the Reformation, of Luther; Quakerism, of Fox; Methodism, of Wesley; Abolition, of Clarkson.  Scipio, Milton called “the height of Rome”; and all history resolves itself very easily into the biography of a few stout and earnest persons
Let a man then know his worth, and keep things under his feet.  Let him not peep or steal, or skulk up and down with the air of a charity-boy, a bastard, or an interloper, in the world which exists for him.  But the man in the street, finding no worth in himself which corresponds to the force which built a tower or sculptured a marble god, feels poor when he looks on these.  To him a palace, a statue, or a costly book have an alien and forbidding air, much like a gay equipage, and seem to say like that, ‘Who are you Sir?”  Yet they all are his, suitors for his notice, petitioners to his faculties that they will come out and take possession.  The picture waits for my verdict:  it is not to command me, but I am to settle its claims to praise.  That popular fable of the sot who was picked up dead drunk in the street, carried to the duke’s house, washed and dressed and laid in the duke’s bed, and, on his waking, treated with all obsequious ceremony like the duke, and assured that he had been insane, owes its popularity to the fact, that it symbolizes so well the state of man, who is in the world a sort of sot, but now and then wakes up, exercises his reason, and finds himself a true prince
. .
. . . .Live no longer to the expectation of these deceived and deceiving people with whom we converse.  Say to them, O father, O mother, O wife, O brother, O friend, I have lived with you after appearances hitherto.  Henceforward I am the truth’s.  Be it known unto you that henceforward I obey no law less than the eternal law.  I will have no covenants but proximities.  I shall endeavor to nourish my parents, support my family, to be the chaste husband of one wife
--but these relations I must fill after a new and unprecedented way.  I appeal from your customs.  I must be myself.  I cannot break myself any longer for you, or you.  If you can love me for what I am, we shall be the happier.  If you cannot, I will still seek to deserve that you should.  I will not hide my tastes or aversions.  I will so trust that what is deep is holy, that I will do strongly before the sun and moon whatever inly rejoices me, and the heart appoints.  If you are noble, I will love you; if you are not, I will not hurt you and myself by hypocritical attentions.  If you are true, but not in the same truth with me, cleave to your companions; I will seek my own.  I do this not selfishly, but humbly and truly.  It is alike your interest, and mine, and all men’s, however long we have dwelt in lies, to live in truth.  Does this sound harsh to-day?  You will soon love what is dictated by your nature as well as mine, and, if we follow the truth, it will bring us out safe at last.  – But so you may give these friends pain.  Yes, but I cannot sell my liberty and my power, to save their sensibility.  Besides, all persons have their moments of reason, when they look out into the region of absolute truth; then will they justify me, and do the same thing
The populace think that your rejection of popular standards is a rejection of all standard, and mere antinomianism; and the bold sensualist will use the name of philosophy to gild his crimes.  But the law of consciousness abides.  There are two confessionals, in one or the other of which we must be shriven.  You may fulfil your round of duties by clearing yourself in the direct, or in the reflex way.  Consider whether you have satisfied your relations to father, mother, cousin, neighbor, town, cat, and dog; whether any of these can upbraid you.  But I may also neglect this reflex standard, and absolve me to myself.  I have my own stern claims and perfect circle.  It denies the name of duty to many offices that are called duties.  But if I can discharge its debts, it enables me to dispense with the popular code.  If any one imagines that this law is lax, let him keep its commandment one day
And truly it demands something godlike in him who has cast off the common motives of humanity, and has ventured to trust himself for a taskmaster.  High be his heart, faithful his will, clear his sight, that he may in good earnest be doctrine, society, law, to himself, that a simple purpose may be to him as strong as iron necessity is to others!
If any many consider the present aspects of what is called by distinction society, he will see the need of these ethics.  The sinew and heart of man seem to be drawn out, and we are become timorous, desponding whimperers.  We are afraid of truth, afraid of fortune, afraid of death, and afraid of each other.  Our age yields no great and perfect persons.  We want men and women who shall renovate life and our social state, but we see that most natures are insolvent, cannot satisfy their own wants, have an ambition out of all proportion to their practical force, and do lean and beg day and night continually.  Our housekeeping is mendicant, our arts, our occupations, our marriages, our religion, we have not chosen, but society has chosen for us.  We are parlour soldiers.  We shun the rugged battle of fate, where strength is born
If our young men miscarry in their first enterprises, they lose all heart.  If the young merchant fails, men say he is ruined.  If the finest genius studies at one of our colleges, and is not installed in an office within one year afterwards in the cities or suburbs of Boston or New York, it seems to his friends and to himself that he is right in being disheartened, and in complaining the rest of his life.  A sturdy lad from New Hampshire or Vermont, who in turn tries all the professions, who teams it, farms it, peddles, keeps a school, preaches, edits a newspaper, goes to Congress, buys a township, and so forth, in successive years, and always, like a cat, falls on his feet, is worth a hundred of these city dolls.  He walks abreast with his days, and feels no shame in not ‘studying a profession,’ for he does not postpone his life, but lives already.  He has not one chance, but a hundred chances.  Let a Stoic open the resources of man, and tell men they are not leaning willows, but can and must detach themselves; that with the exercise of self-trust, new powers shall appear; that a man is the word made flesh, born to shed healing to the nations, that he should be ashamed of our compassion, and that the moment he acts from himself, tossing the laws, the books, idolatries, and customs out of the window, we pity him no more, but thank and revere him,--and that teacher shall restore the life of man to splendor, and make his name dear to all history
It is easy to see that a greater self-reliance must work a revolution in all the offices and relations of men; in their religion; in their education; in their pursuits; their modes of living; their association; in their property; in their speculative views
. .
And so the reliance on Property, including the reliance on governments which protect it, is the want of self-reliance.  Men have looked away from themselves and at things so long, that they have come to esteem the religious, learned, and civil institutions as guards of property, and they deprecate assaults on these, because they feel them to be assaults on property.  They measure their esteem of each other by what each has, and not by what each is.  But a cultivated man becomes ashamed of his property, out of new respect for his nature.  Especially he hates what he has, if he see that it is accidental,--came to him by inheritance, or gift, or crime; then he feels that it is not having; it does not belong to him, has no root in him, and merely lies there, because no revolution or no robber takes it away.  But that which a man is does always by necessity acquire, and what the man acquires is living property, which does not wait the beck of rulers, or mobs, or revolutions, or fire, or storm, or bankruptcies, but perpetually renews itself wherever the man breathes
. .
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.  Nothing can bring you peace but the triumph of 

John Henry's wife wore a brand new dress
It all was trimmеd in blue
The very last words shе said to him
Honey I been true to you, Lord, Lord
Honey I been true to you
John Henry told the Shaker
Lord shake while I sing
Throwing nine pounds from my hips on down
Bound to hear her when she rings, Lord, Lord
Bound to hear her when she rings
You might also likeJohn Henry told his captain
I'm Tennessee man
Before I would see that steam drill beat me down
I die with a hammer in my hand, Lord, Lord
I die with a hammer in my hand
John Henry hammered in the mountain
Till his hammer caught on fire
Very last words that I heard him say
Cool drink of water 'fore I die, Lord, Lord
Cool drink of water 'fore I die
<<
Transcribed from the CD 15APR2024, 
