

You better run, run from the devil
You better run, run from the devil
You better hide, hide
Hide from the
Hide from the

Young boy
Trying to rule the world I see
Well, young boy
I can give you everything
Diamonds
Everything you touch can be
Golden
But first you gotta listen to me

I'll tell the truth, I promise you
This world may frown upon the things I have you do
But I got taste, and I got style
I know the twists and turns to make your life worth-

Oh na na
Oh na na (Be careful)
Oh na na
Oh na na
You might also like
You better run, run from the devil
You better run, run from the devil
You better run, run from the devil
You better run, run from the devil

Oh ya!
Hide from the!

My brother you could probably win in a shit talking competition
My compositions the opposition of all the shit that
Got niggas wishing to spit tragic, the shit that get
You deal crack and you spend cash on cement asses
My heart burns in the fire of truth
Got the heat of seven suns in the meteor treatment needed
More niggas burn on WorldStar than in 1792
Won't act like I'm any better, you or me, I am you
We are hate, we are love, as below so above
We got poison everywhere so what's a war on a drug?
We at war with ourselves, talking war with no guns
So if you had to meet yourself would you go do it or run?
Cause I could be MLK, I could be Juicy J
Or a lame on Instagram that shows the world his AK
Fourty seven's the way, you can follow a stray
At the end of the day, at the end of the day you better-
(Runnn!)
Run in some type of direction
Cause the people going nowhere are the ones that are flexing
I'm not trying to be a preacher, I was never a reverend
But I can take your ass to church and show you glimpses of heaven you better
(Runnn!)
Run in some type of direction
Cause the people going nowhere are the ones that are flexing
I'm not trying to be a preacher, I was never a reverend
But I can take your ass to church and show you glimpses of heaven you better
Runnn, run from the 

Who can save the world, my friend?
Who can save the world, my friend?
Who can save the world, my friend?
All we need is love

Who's gonna save the dying man from his hunger?
Who's gonna take from the rich
And give to the ones who never had a chance?
Who's gonna wipe the tears?
Are we ever gonna overcome the fear?
We've got a battle

Who can save the world, my friend?
Who can save the world, my friend?
Who can save the world, my friend?
All we need is love
You might also like
And now I'm just 18 in the summer
The world is hot as hell as the devil walks up my street
And I'm out on my Georgia porch
Scorching the board with the pen
My hand has been forced
We're meant to be tools of God
But instead we cop us a Porsche
Temperature rising, money disguise the fact
That we need to discover love in the earth and sky and beyond
Love is what's missin', love don't live here no more
Dear America, please listen, that sound will open the door
To new reality, palpable types of fallacy
Live my life young and reckless
But keep that shit on the balance beam
What do you love? Find it, let it consume you
Deserve it after the things you've endure, I know that your pupils
Have seen hell twisted over and backwards
Soon as we learn to speak we begin our career as actors
Always agreeing with things we're told to believe in
Time is repeatin', somebody knows what is 

I'ma comeback with a vision
Got a hot lava and a flamethrower
Throwing fire bars on these lame boys
Helped me grow up, but the same boy
Young man with the heat rock
Boxed in by the sheet rock
Gold key in his left hand
But he aimed at by the street cops
With the hot lava and the flamethrower
For the fake boys and the ones you bring with ya
I'ma give you what you came for
Get your videos, let your cameras take picture
Hot lava and the flamethrower
I'm a fire, fire, fire, fire flame spitter
Fire, fire, fire, fire flame spitter
Fire, fire, fire, fire flame flame
Fire, fire, fire, fire flame spitter
Flying higher than the eagle wings
Get your saiyan to the higher powers
Lying lying, while them snitches take pictures
Burn your jersey you out the rasta
I awaken I am Ayahuasca
Shedding verses 'bout being real
Bumping you report more than Takanawa
Might deport you up off my island
Might deport you up off my island
Made your plays like a little boy
Know that I destroy all my foes in silence
Enjoy I'm at pure nirvana
We can roll if you really wanna
Cause you are never alone
You are never alone
No, you are never alone
No matter where you go
I just want you to know
From L.A. to Tokyo
That you are never alone
No, you are never alone

Where is my shadow, shadow, shadow?
Where is my shadow, shadow, shadow?
Where is my shadow, shadow, shadow?
Where is my shadow, shadow, 