

Walkin' through the varrio, street soldado
With my hoodie on, dieciochero on a mission
Loading a clip and getting it off, faketones fuck 'em
Piss stains, fuck 'em, peanut butters, fuck 'em, mierda secas fuck 'em, I be their enemy so let it be known
That I'm from that Eighteen, homicidal family
Triple six mentality, enemigas after me
Searching but they knowing they that
They never gonna capture me, woah
Watch your motherfucking back loc
I'm creeping and crawling through your varrio with a fusca
And some black locs, watching 'em slick, pullin 'em quick
Don't let 'em run, rest in piss
Another enemy slob, psycho in survival
I'm your motherfucking rival, I'm the shadow of your death
Grab your motherfucking Bible
Enemies you wanna ride with them?
You wanna hide with them? Well I guess you punk asses
Gonna die with them, ain't nobody safe
Shots comin' from the K, six letters in my name
Dieciocho is what I bang, 'till the day that I die
And when it comes I be ready
Make sure I be surrounded by Eighteen when I'm buried
You might also like
I'm from that Eighteenth Street gang
Better recognize what I bang 
I'm an Eighteenth Streeter 
I bang Eighteen...

E-I-G-H-T-E-E-N, we're the deepest
Worldwide known gang, tu ya sabes rifamos
En la cara tatuados, a la mara matamos, callejones pintados, old english with the numbers of death, tu ya sabes the notorious, X-V-3
Once you're gone, you're never comin' back
Somebody tell his mama they laid him straight flat
Took his gold chain, then peeled his whole cap
Ra-ta-tat, got killed with a burnt strap
Eighteen's on my motherfucking skin
'Till the day I die I represent, I'm fully focused
Gun holdin', gun smokin'
Armed robbery and homicide is all im knowin'
On the serio, los mando yo al cementerio, tu escapulario no te salva de este dieciochero, let it be known!

I'm from that Eighteenth Street gang
Better recognize what I bang 
I'm an Eighteenth Streeter 
I bang Eighteen...
Black rag music bumping through your stereo
That black strap is what's sending them to their burial
Fuck your lil varrio fool, we ain't never heard of you
La calle dieciocho, we controlling this area
Homies in S.D, homies in O.C
Kay-Dubs taking over Riverside and the I.E
Fuck a tagger, fuck a rapper if they bang our hood
The Rancho Park got me saying "homie, fuck a Blood"
Same love to the motherfucking Kay-Dubs
Youngster, Midget, holla at me, Gangster
I never turn soft, never happened, never will
Eighteen's on my body so you know that shit's real
I just moved to the south side, you know what that means
The Tiny Diablos got all these motherfuckers on their knees
Beggin' for mercy, holdin' a strap, prayin' to God
But I don't think that he's answering back
I'm tryna make my O.G homies proud
What up to Big Buzzard from the south side that been
Holdin' me down, wonder why I got a gun
So I gotta get down for mine, to the homies
Eighteen worldwide, west sidin'
I'm creepin', I make 1-8-7 look easy
Fuck that! I'm making all the slobs down
Push me slob, see what I'm about!
This to let you punk motherfuckers know what's happenin'
You know what I'm sayin'? What's up to the motherfucking homies, out there in Rancho Park straight smashing on these motherfucking slobs, haha
We ain't forgot, I'ma let my homies from the south side
Let you motherfuckers know ...
Yeah, to all them new clicks out there, Bellflower Tiny Devils
Yo, what's crackin'? Bellflower Devils, Cudahy stay controlling homie
Bell Gardens Wright Street Locos, you know how to put it down, homie, we heard about that, bring your case in, all that shit, Cash, Southside Eighteen dog!
Yeah... What's happenin' Peewee?! Rancho Park...
Big shout out to Fatz, you know? Hahaha, yeah...
Chuco, what's hannin' boy? And there you 