

What's the difference from a lucid to reality?
Feels like existence of a melody
In a war with my sanity, the only fuckin' casualties
And my nightmares I've been comin' my fantasies
What's wrong with me?
Smug Mang I thought you were gone so why are you healin' me?
Are you hearin' me? Are you feelin' me?
I'm the motherfucker you don't ever wanna be
Cause I never gave a fuck what nobody ever thought of me
This music is a art and it means so much to me
And if you really know me, when I'm fucked up please don't bother me
Came up in the streets so they father me
And so I know the law always gonna fuckin' follow me
They gon' bother me, it don't bother me
Smug motherfuckin' Music empire
We conspire
Smug Mang La Flare gettin' higher
Smug Mang La Flare gettin' higher

I know they want to kill me
And it's just so silly
They wouldn't live to get 2 inches near me (damn)
Gods even fear me
Fear doesn't pierce me
Even the sharpest blade couldn't pierce me, you hear me
You can not compare me, I can not be measured
You can see inside the rage, my pain could cover geyser
Every time I wake up I can't help but blaze up
Tears on my blade and the cold keeps 'em shakin'
Don't let Wulf awaken
Why am I forsaken?
Blood, tear, sheer, ice frozen 'round my layer
I don't like 
Please do not delay us
Hollow Squad killin' fools quicker than a SaiyanYou might also 

Gone off them Xannies, live on Xanax Planet
Rainbow colors, I got plenty
Smug and Travis just jammin'
Being sober? I ain't having, all about my cabbage
So I been Smugging, so I been sipping
Lot of drugs, think I'm tripping
Smoked a 1000 blunts in one minute
Pour that codeine in my mouth fucking minute
In the studio always try'na get it
Smug Life, are you motherfucking with it?
All about my business
You ain't talking money homie you can leave
Since day one I been M.O.B., been M.O.B
It's Sasne where I be, it's Sasne where I be
Smug Mang who is he? Smug Mang who the fuck is he?
Lean sipper, rap game Jack Ripper, Xan sniffer
They definitely done got to me
So it's seals to the perm' asleep, it's Xans to the perm' asleep
Xans and I'm perm' asleep
Xans got to meYou might also 