

You better leave me alone bitch cuz I
I feel like fucking you up
Feel like fucking you up
But I got too much GAME (game)
To blow out ya brains in front of yo Momma and get struck out
GAME (game)
Feeling all revenge, no remorse and no sorrow
Bitch you got an ass whooping coming so bad
I'm a beat your motherfuckin' ass
Bitch cuz you're wrong for that (you)
Make me wanna pull a bone out ya back (Yes you)
Call us the pest control
(Dead bitch walkin)
Til ya whole chest is gone
(Dead bitch walking)
Bitch get a gun, put it to your head and blow your motherfucking brains out
Better yet, go to the nearest bridge you see and jump off that motherfucker
Jump in the middle of the freeway and run head-on into a truck or something
Cuz you won't pimp me!
I don't give a fuck
I'll cuss yo ass out
See Suga Free LiveGet tickets as low as $51You might also like
I get the feeling I'm allergic to fake bitches
Already got some medication for square bitches
I still keep my sucker repellent with me by my GAME (game)
At the stroke of twelve I'm turning her back into a pumpkin
GAME (game)
Put a hanger on your back until you can't function

We are here to fuck you, straight fuck you up SING
We are here to fuck you up

Now you want to see me in the county
Yes you don't want no happy people around me
Because I'm fine I can fuck baby and I can fight
Thanks for nothing bitch my formula's extraordinarily tight
GAME (game)
Bitch you understand that I'm the black Jack Tripper
GAME (game)
Suga Free the pimp Pomona style still a bitch killer
Bitch I oughta call John Walsh on America's Most Wanted and tell him you a kidnapper
Since you so tough bitch why don't you jog some of that fat off your motherfucking ass

I get the feeling I'm allergic to liars
Already got my medication for cutthroats
You better give me 50 feet cuz I
I feel like fucking you up
Feel like fucking you up
Hee hee
Bitch I'm getting tired of yo ass (and I like it)
Make me want to put some fire to your ass (and I might bitch)
Hoe you got an ass whooping coming from hell
Cuz you done ran out of rope and you prepared to tell
Call us the pest control
What you hating for?
That's why I stabbed you in the throat with a Dayton spoke
You got an ass whooping coming so loud
I'm a boot yo ass to the clouds
I just can't wait to put you in your place right
Like with motherfuckers when I stand behind the fucking mic
And how you jealous of your man bitch you want to beat me too?
And all the fly shit you often see a motherfucker do
You need your ass whooped
You notice you broke bitch?
Like, get yo money Why U Bullshittin'?
I wrote this

Filmo Slim said pussy gon' sell with cotton and corn won't
So you'll never pimp me, bitch
I'll let you pimp me when they make dildos out of Dayton spokes
And the only reason I don't knock all the teeth out your mouth bitch is because I know your ass is finna go tell
Little punk ass bitch
Yeah, its written all over your face you a punk ass bitch
Misery loves company
Little miserable ass...piece of...blubber
Ain't happy for shit!
Is there anything int he world you happy about?  Anything!?
Hell motherfucking no
So what you do, is go to a motherfucker who got they shit together and try to fuck they shit up
Bitch you cannot reach in my body and pull a bone up out of me okay
You cannot stop me from smiling
You cannot stop me from making this music
Okay?
I'm not gon' let you do that
God ain't gon' let you do that okay?
Why don't you go get a job at Target or something?
You know what I'm saying?
Get something you can be proud of
Get a paper route bitch for all I give a fuck, piece of shit
Fuck you and yo Momma too
What, Cadillacs ain't gon' roll no more cuz your ass gone bitch?
I can't spit dope shit because you gone bitch?
Fucking idiot
What you stand for?  What you standing on?  Nothing
What you got?  Nothing
What your Momma got?  Nothing
What your family got? Nothing
Cuz you ain't nothing, and you ain't never be nothing!
Piece of shit, life don't stop cuz you gone bitch
You like a cigarette butt to me bitch
I smoke you and throw yo ass away when I'm done with 