
1 ContributorPortager Reporter Michael Indriolo speaks with Portage County Commissioner Tony Badalamenti about the insurrection in the capital LyricsTony Badalamenti 00:00
How you doing?
Michael Indriolo 00:00
I'm good. I really appreciate you returning my call. Yeah, so um, I was just, I’m working on a story. I don't know if you, you got my message. I'm working on a story, just cataloguing local elected officials responses to the violence at the capital yesterday.
Tony Badalamenti 00:17
Yep.
Michael Indriolo 00:18
So I just want to sort of leave it open ended for you. Do you, do you have any stance on it, or what’s your take on the situation?
Tony Badalamenti 00:28
We've got a situation that's been going on for about four years. A lot of hate and discontent with the guy that was president United States. What we allowed people to do, Antifa, Black Lives Matter, whoever we want to call them, what we allowed them to do on the West Coast and destroy cities, with no recourse. People getting hurt, people getting killed, and there was nobody suffered any consequence of that, because that was their right to do that. You've got now, and I know people that were there, that when the march started, you had police saying, 'Hey, don't go on this side of the building, because we've got Antifa over there.' And so it got totally out of hand. I would be as disgusted as I was in Oregon, Washington State, as I am at the behavior of people in Washington, DC. We’ve had, and, you know, I believe we do have to heal as a country, but the people that are saying ’heal' now are the same, I think our Vice President, new vice president, actually said, ’Until we get what we want, there will be no peace.' So a lot of the rhetoric that's been going on for four years and with Black Lives Matter stirred up a whole bunch of people that typically probably aren't violent. I have a problem blaming the marchers for all the violence that was there. I believe that there are, there are people there, and from what I’ve been told, they were told by the police there, that these people are there. So we've got, I'm not throwing rocks, you know, Trump probably may not given the speech at that time, to march to the steps of the house. But I think there's enough blame to go around for all the Republicans and all the Democrats. And I'm pretty actually disgusted that I'm only hearing how horrible these people were, and how right people were on the West Coast all through this year. And how they destroyed things hurt people. They got away with that with immunity because they were protesting what they, what they believe, so. We've got a big problem in our country. And the politicians probably on both sides right now, I don't think are equipped to to heal us.
Michael Indriolo 03:00
And so do you, Let me just clear up: Are you, so you're saying that you feel like the, what, what happened yesterday in the capital was, in some part, incited by previous protests throughout the United States for Black Lives Matter?
Tony Badalamenti 03:17
I think, I think what people did yesterday, and them marching, with the election, that there was there, there're inconsistencies with this election. And they were blown under the, under the carpet. With everything has been going on since what May or June, whenever all that started, I think people have, people besides Black Lives Matter, Antifa, whoever we want to call them, I think other people are just as ticked off as they, and their behavior. And you know, people like to blame Trump. But I've listened to Kamala Harris, speak about, 'No peace until we get what we want.' She's been, she, they don't take her off Twitter or off Facebook or anyplace else. She has said those words. I think people are primed on both sides to explode exactly like it did yesterday, or yesterday afternoon and evening. Both sides get to, get a lot of blame for that. And you know, if I read one article that says it's all one side, then they're, they, they, your reporting or anybody on TV that is saying it was only these folks. They're missing the rowboat, and they're not telling the truth. And that's my biggest problem is we haven't been telling the truth of what's going on in the country for the last three or four years. And there's a lot of hate and discontent, unfortunately, on both sides, though. Yeah.
Michael Indriolo 04:48
And so would you say that, what, you know, what happened yesterday with people storming into the Capitol Building during the certification of the election. Would you say you support that?
Tony Badalamenti 05:02
I don't, I never support. I've never broken anybody's window in all my life. I was a marine for 10 years, and I used to stop mobs like that when I was in Europe. So I don't, both sides. What happened in the White House or the Capitol yesterday was uncalled for. I question of the people that insinuated and started breaking windows, I, I have the credibility of the people that were there, they were warned who's on the other side of this building, and that's where that violence started. And we have ignored for eight months, the violence all over the country, and, as people's right to say how displeased they are. So I don't allow Antifa, Black Lives Matter, if they were Trump supporters, whoever they were, both sides are wrong. And you don't behave that way. You don't burn buildings down, you don't break windows, you don't try to hurt cops or kill each other. Both parties are to blame for this. And the media is as well.
Michael Indriolo 06:12
So when, can you elaborate a bit more on what you were saying about people saying that there's other people? And like, you said that the other? Yeah, I just, clarify that a little bit for me.
Tony Badalamenti 06:24
There's, there was a group from Portage County that went that came back last night. That, because that's only about a six hour drive for them, that when they were marching in a peaceful march, the police that were there were having them and telling them do not go to the other side of this building because there's other groups that are there. And we ignore that other group. And there are people that witnessed that other group being there. And they call them Antifa. So were the people that were part of that riot destroying the House, were they all Trump supporters? I believe not. But it's not being reported that way. So it's all, it's all being reported how horrible Trump people are. And we're missing the big boat. And that's what's going to keep our country in turmoil, because the left side of this fence doesn't want to claim any, any responsibility to any of this side.
Michael Indriolo 07:32
Well do you, do you think that could be because a lot of the videos and photos that were showing people inside the Capitol, a lot of those people were, you know, very clearly Trump supporters.
Tony Badalamenti 07:44
Why? Because they had a hat on or a shirt on?
Michael Indriolo 07:46
Well, I mean, people did.
Tony Badalamenti 07:49
Yeah. Do you think they're the only ones that can buy that stuff?
Michael Indriolo 07:53
No, certainly not, but I-
Tony Badalamenti 07:56
That's right. And as, as people talked about Black Lives Matter, you know, people assume that there are a lot of just Black people, and they're not. There's often a majority of whites that are out there acting like that. So they blend in, and those two groups blended together. But people that were there were being told, 'Do not go to the other side. There'll be a problem if you do.' This problem, I believe both parties are at fault. I believe the rhetoric that I've heard from our vice president gets people that are on Trump's side, it gets them riled up. And it gets me riled up sometimes when I hear Miss Harris speak. Go back and look at your news reports.
Michael Indriolo 08:43
Yeah. So do you believe that? Do you believe that some of the people who broke into the Capitol were Black Lives Matter activists or Antifa activists dressed as Trump supporters?
Tony Badalamenti 08:56
I would say that would be a great possibility, because as you said, well, they, they look like Trump supporters because they were dressed a certain way. So it doesn't take much to dress that way. So I believe both parties were there. And the police were telling the one party, group, they're on the other side, and we want you to avoid them.
Michael Indriolo 09:21
And so I'd also like to ask you, you know, a bit about your opinion on Trump's role in this. Do you- Go ahead, what?
Tony Badalamenti 09:32
I'm totally for Trump. I believe there is improprieties in the way we counted, the way states were allowed to change rules halfway through. That, that stuff I do agree with. I listened to about 40 minutes of his, on my lunch break, his talk. I, there's a good possibility people were more riled up when they started walking to the House, but Trump said what he believes, he believes, and the other folks can say, 'No, he's lying,' and all the other. So both sides of rhetoric are getting people fired up. And it's not just Trump supporters. It's the folks who call them- align themselves with the Democratic party as well.
Michael Indriolo 10:15
However, in this particular instance, Trump, Trump did ask his supporters to come to the capital, and then did ask them to go onto the steps of it. Do you think? Do you think that he, I guess, has this affected your perception of Trump at all?
Tony Badalamenti 10:35
No, no, the guy's got brass ones. My perception of what's going on is, unfortunately, I see, like the bad kid in the family. Everybody's saying, well, 'He's going to be alright, he's just angry.' And the good kid in the family is going to get blamed for everything. We've got a huge problem between the two political parties in our country, and the rhetoric of violence. I've never heard Trump say, 'Hey, if you see a Republican in a restaurant, go harass them, so they have to leave.' I don't believe anybody from Trump, Senator that goes home, and his wife and brand new baby can't leave and travel with them, their house is attacked and beat on the doors, and Antifa protests in front of their house and scares the heck out of them just the other day. There has to be accountability for those actions. And the people, you know, the accountability, they're talking of yesterday's, they're, they're making people accountable to people that were accountable on the West Coast for all that stuff: took over cities, took over police stations, destroyed businesses, burn businesses, burned police stations, hurt people, beat people on the street on camera. But that's alright, we're not going to talk about that. You can't have it both ways. If you're going to let one group act like animals, unfortunately, you're going to get the same thing. There. So I disagree with both parties. And I dedicated 10 years of my life protecting people, and anybody who wants to hurt people and destroy things should pay. And that goes both sides.
Michael Indriolo 12:12
And I think, and I guess the question I have for you then is do you see a difference between, you know, what happened yesterday where people directly prevented a democratic process from carrying on. Do you see a difference between that, and people rioting in cities, in, you know, in support of equality?
Tony Badalamenti 12:35
Your question makes me believe you haven't studied history because Hillary Clinton used that process 11 times before they OK'd, Trump, and it wasn't reported. It's been done three or four times in our history, this process has been done. The process in your constitution and my constitution, say that this is legally to be done, has nothing to do with being bad, being mean. I believe this happened the wrong way. And by law, by our Constitution, they have the right to do that, which Miss Clinton did that 11 times in whatever year, when Trump was elected. So we -
Michael Indriolo 13:22
I'm, I'm sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you, but when you say Miss Clinton did that, what are you referring to?
Tony Badalamenti 13:26
She challenged the electoral votes.
Michael Indriolo 13:29
Oh, no, I don't, I don't mean, I don't mean the challenge of the electoral votes. That's not what I'm referring to, I'm referring to -
Tony Badalamenti 13:35
So what is, what do you mean?
Michael Indriolo 13:36
I'm referring to the people storming the Capitol Building.
Tony Badalamenti 13:41
Did I not answer that question twice already?
Michael Indriolo 13:44
Well, I asked you if you see a difference in that, in, between that and people protesting for Black Lives Matter?
Tony Badalamenti 13:50
Yeah, I, I, I see one side is being blamed for it. And they, they're, a group of people already bringing it up on charges. For that, the other side never got held or was held responsible for the actions in which they took, and no charges were brought of destruction of property. None of that's happened. So yes, that's, the difference is, is the outrage from the media about what happened yesterday. And the, blow it by and, 'It's no big deal. That's only their right,' what's happened on the West Coast for the last eight, nine months. There's a big difference the way they, they were, they're being handled. And whoever was, that whole group, whoever started that attack on the capital, I don't care who they are, Antifa or Trump supporters, they should be prosecuted, which I believe should have happened on the West Coast too. Wouldn't you, wouldn't you believe that?
Michael Indriolo 14:49
Well, I think one of the things that a lot of people have cited as one of the differences in this is how the police have responded to these various groups. So if you look at, you know, what was happening in Portland, there was a lot of tear gas, alot of people were injured, you know, people lost, people lost eyes and all that stuff. Do you, Do you think?
Tony Badalamenti 15:09
Did they lose -
Michael Indriolo 15:10
Sorry, what?
Tony Badalamenti 15:11
The way the police, did the police? You're asking if I think there was a big difference the way the police responded?
Michael Indriolo 15:17
Yes.
Tony Badalamenti 15:19
Well, again, read your papers. So the actions and the policing, from my understanding, has changed drastically, those folks that want to defund those guys, that, that they shouldn't be able to deploy tear gas, they shouldn't be able to deploy rubber bullets or whatever action they normally do. The Democratic Party has changed the way police officers are allowed to handle situations like that: true or untrue?
Michael Indriolo 15:50
I mean, there hasn't been a ton of legislation on it, per se, but I would say de-facto in terms of cultural shift, there might be some.
Tony Badalamenti 16:02
You're telling me you haven't seen the papers on all the folks that want to defund these guys. And they, we will not do this, we will not do that. How we change, there's, legislation doesn't happen. The way cities have to deal with rioters, and people that are acting like that has totally changed in the last eight to nine months. We can deny that, but that is. So did that happen because they didn't deploy tear gas? I think the rioters were deploying tear gas. There is a lot of people deploying things, that, last night or yesterday afternoon. So your question is actually, is trying to lead into something else, which it's not.
Michael Indriolo 16:45
I'm just asking you a question.
Tony Badalamenti 16:49
Same question about four times in different ways. And I get that, you're a reporter. But you were looking at it, the way police officers are now and what they have to tolerate from crowds is actually pretty shameful. And you could watch multiple, multiple videos of police officers having somebody within an inch and a half of their face, not being able to react to the rhetoric that people are saying to them. So I think police officers in Washington, DC, and police officers that were from Maryland, and state troopers that are from Maryland and Virginia and all those other, they, what they're allowed to do anymore during the riot has changed drastically in the last nine months. And that's because of politicians. It's very difficult to control if you can't control.
Michael Indriolo 17:38
Yeah and, you know, that was something I wanted to ask you about too is I remember, you know, at least one of your campaign events while you were campaigning was at a blue lives matter or at least a, in support of police officers and EMS workers and firefighters, you did a motorcycle ride ride?
Tony Badalamenti 17:56
Yes.
Michael Indriolo 17:56
What are your thoughts on the way the protesters yesterday treated police officers?
Tony Badalamenti 18:04
Anybody again, anybody that acts like that, wants to storm over cops, and put barriers up and wants to attack cops and deploy whatever chemicals they were trying to deploy on the cops, I think they should be prosecuted. It's very simple. I'll say the same thing over and over, no matter when you ask me. Just like Black Lives Matter, the way they treated everybody else. Those folks that, if they weren't Trump, whoever they were, I don't care if they were Trump or Antifa dressed as Trump, whatever. They should not get away from treating police officers as they did. There, there should be there should be something to pay.
Michael Indriolo 18:40
Yeah. And so you know, I, I am sorry, if this next question upsets you at all, but, you know, it's my job, and I want to ask you. I want to ask you anyway.
Tony Badalamenti 18:50
Go ahead, go ahead.
Michael Indriolo 18:52
Do you feel like any responsibility falls on to, you know, whether it be local Republicans or whether it be, you know, rank-and-file just, you know, average voters? Do you think any responsibility falls on those folks for what happened in the capital yesterday?
Tony Badalamenti 19:10
No. Can you, are you, would you blame the Democrats in Portage County for being responsible for what happened on the West Coast? That's a silly question. If that's, if that's the question you really, truly want to answer and put that in this paper. It doesn't anger me. It makes me scratch my head, by what you just said, tells me that every Democrat that is elected in Portage County should have some regrets in the way the Democrats are parts of their contingencies of their party react with violence and the disruption they did on the West Coast. The people in Portage County had, had nothing to do with that regardless of if they're a R or a D.
Michael Indriolo 19:50
Yeah, and I mean, I guess the, the crux of my question is like a lot of people have said, have placed blame on Trump for inciting violence yesterday, for for you know, The speech he gave, and for calling all of his supporters to DC. I guess the crux of my question is like, do you think anything needs to be done in the Republican party? Or how do you? How do you think this should be addressed?
Tony Badalamenti 20:15
I believe that it's being addressed as now. I believe both parties, the rhetoric, and if you would like to put blame on the president, please then put blame on your newly elected vice president, who stands in front of a podium and says, 'There will be no peace until we get what we want.' Her rhetoric, and many of the, in the Democratic Party, their rhetoric has described and called for violence. I don't believe, in Trump's actions, he called for violence, he said, 'March to the step of  the House,' and I heard him say that. I heard nobody say, 'We are going to destroy, and you will pay for the injustices.' I have heard Democrats say that. I've had her Democrats say, 'If you see a Republican at a restaurant, accost them. Don't let them eat.' And people have had to leave restaurants. So when you ask that question, we got to look at history. No, I don't believe Trump- people were there, and they were excited. And go back to the very first question you asked me, this has been building for seven or eight months, the anger on both sides. And I really, truly, in my heart believe both sides were involved in what happened in DC, No matter how they were dressed.
Michael Indriolo 21:43
And I mean, one of the one of the things here is that like, you know, a lot of people, what do you think about people calling this an insurrection or a coup?
Tony Badalamenti 21:53
I don't know, what do you call the, the 'We will fight to the end, and we will fight until we get what we want,' from the Vice President United States. Is that a coup?
Michael Indriolo 22:02
But the thing is she, she didn't -
Tony Badalamenti 22:06
He didn't say that. That's right. And he resigned after they, after they said, 'Hey, we finished the vote. I still don't agree with it, but I will go with with law says.' So, he's doing exactly what law says. All the, the process they went was the Constitution of the United States of America. They followed it. And the only thing that didn't happen, did happen that shouldn't have happened, was a riot outside of the House. And people will blame whoever they want for that. But I've never heard Trump declare, 'Let's bring violence to them.' As I've heard others from the opposite party say. I did hear him say 'Let's go March them to the Capitol steps,' though. Didn't hear him say destroy it. 'Let's make them pay for what they're doing.' There's been many times that Trump has called for his supporters and a million people, Trump supporters, have showed up. They love, Trump supporters love the guy, and they think he was wronged. And again, nobody has the right to act the way they acted, regardless of what party they are, what little group they want to call themselves. It's uncalled for and they should all be punished if they can get as many as they can punish. But I'd like to see all the videos on the West Coast, those folks be punished as well. Rather than saying, 'Well, it's OK because we understand.'
Michael Indriolo 23:33
There has been a lot of you know, there have been a lot of protesters from Black Lives Matter movements, who were then, you know, prosecuted for property damage and vandalism.
Tony Badalamenti 23:43
I don't, I don't believe the word is a lot. There's been some.
Michael Indriolo 23:46
Yeah, and you know, assaulting police officers as well.
Tony Badalamenti 23:50
Correct. And they should. I mean, I mean, I don't care what denomination, political affiliation you have. You should pay a price for that behavior in assaulting police officers.
Michael Indriolo 24:02
Yeah. And, you know, I get what you're saying when you say that, you know, folks on both side have have sort of stoked the flames of, you know, as you said, hatred. However, I think that, you know, in this situation, it is a bit different because, you know, Trump was refusing to concede the election at, you know, points, and he was saying that, you know, there's election, there's fraudulent votes and voter fraud is pretty rampant in the election. And then, you know, having all of that as the backdrop for calling his supporters to DC and asking them to march to the steps of the Capitol Building. You know, I'm sort of just like, 'What, what else did you expect them to do?'
Tony Badalamenti 24:42
I didn't expect them to act that way. I've been to rallies that a couple 100,000 people, and people didn't act that way. I'd like to know what instigated that group, and that was a small contingency attacked that, the House, and there was a small contingency that actually got into that. I'd like to know who the people were. They got videos of them, they, they arrested, some of them, say who they are. And if they're Trump supporters say it, if they're somebody else affiliated with something else, say it. Nothing anybody said should have caused them to be like that. And he did not break one law by disagreeing with the re-election results. And the Congress and the Senate did their constitutional duty, and they declared Mr. Biden the president United States. So I would ask you, what has every person that dislikes Trump that had a D behind the name, what did they deny that man be called? They all said, and I've got a sister that says it: 'He's not my president.' That's, that's, that's, that's, that's horrible behavior by that party. We've had presidents I've disagreed with while I was in the military, and while I was out. They are now the president of the United States. Show them the respect of the office, not the person. And I haven't seen once for four years, the respect shown to the president, the president of the United States. All we hear is rhetoric, on how horrible the guy is and what he did, you know, with the Covid, how he handled it. And it turns out most of the things he did for Covid were by his advisors, and he took action faster than anybody has ever had. So you can't, you can't block one out without seeing bad things happen. And like said, if you have little brother, your little brother's a horrible kid, and your Mom and Dad don't punish your little brother, eventually the big brother does something stupid too, so. Blame goes both sides.
Michael Indriolo 26:45
Yeah, yeah. And, you know, kind of going off that about blame going on both sides. Um-
Tony Badalamenti 26:50
It is. It is. You can't deny.
Michael Indriolo 26:52
Yeah. And I want to, you know, kind of dive into that a little bit more, if you got some time for it. But if, so, so when I asked you, when I asked you if the, about what you thought about people calling this a coup, you mentioned that, you know, Kamala Harris had said, you know, statements about no peace, no, no peace until we get what we want and all that, but what I see is, in the difference there is that, um, she was not exactly like- The question I'm trying to ask you with that is like, do you think people storming the Capitol building? Like, how do you define what happened yesterday?
Tony Badalamenti 27:37
Again, we're asking the same question in different words, I see it to be people on both sides have gotten fed up with politicians. I see it that Trump did not cause those people to riot against the house. There was no coup. That, those are foolish words when you say there was a coup. They were following the law of the Constitution by disagreeing with the vote count, by going through Congress and this -
Michael Indriolo 28:10
Hello?
Tony Badalamenti 28:11
At four o'clock this morning, he was declared the loser. And what did he say this morning? It will be a peaceful, seamless changeover, was more than what he got when he took over the White House. Gotta study history and go back in history. He's already said, 'Whatever you need, I'll do.' And he said it.
Michael Indriolo 28:39
I mean, it took, it seems like it took violence for him to finally say that.
Tony Badalamenti 28:44
That violence just happened to happen for whoever started. It was supposed to be over sometime today, if they would have gone through all their procedures. The procedure earlier this morning, that procedure could have lasted, each one of the people that disagreed with that, each congressperson had two hours to argue their debate. So that could have lasted 22 to 23 hours. It didn't. They did, they followed the law. They followed the Constitution. And when Congress came down and said in the Senate, said, 'We certify the election as is,' Mr. Trump, because he's blocked from Twitter and everyplace else, came out and said, 'I will concede, and there will be a seamless, peaceful transition of power.' You can't ask for much more than that.
Michael Indriolo 29:40
Yeah, no, I agree. And I respect him for doing that. But even in the past, you know, few weeks and days he has said that he will not concede.
Tony Badalamenti 29:51
He will not concede until the election was proven. He never said, and that's rhetoric again, he never said, 'I'm not leaving here no matter what happens.' That was garbage that has been, been going on since back in August and September, and that was Democratic politicians. The guy never said it. You know?
Michael Indriolo 30:12
He said, he said he won't concede until what it seemed like to me. He said he won't concede until the election is, until he feels that the election was looked into properly.
Tony Badalamenti 30:28
Correct.
Michael Indriolo 30:29
And it, you know, this is not hard and fast, this is just my opinion: But it seems like the only way he would have accepted the result of the election is if he would have won it.
Tony Badalamenti 30:43
Was by what? you cut out on me. I'm sorry.
Michael Indriolo 30:45
Sorry. No, I just said it, it seemed to me like the only way he would have accepted the election is if the results ended in his favor.
Tony Badalamenti 30:54
No, I mean, that's not what, you have, as you put it, as a reporter, you just gave me your personal opinion. And that's the way you will report this. That is not what the guy said, Show me. He has, and they have a lot of evidence, and the courts, chose not to believe it. So there's a lot of people that still to this day, will disagree on how election process happened. I want everything to be cleared up and looked over, and the last straw with that was that he was ticked off at Republicans, the way they handled it. But he followed the Constitution. You keep saying he wouldn't. He did exactly what the constitution enacted he do. And the Republicans did it. And they did the same thing the Democrats did. They they rejected Trump being president. They went through the same process, but it was not reported. And this, the way people want to talk about this is like it's something unusual that happened.
Michael Indriolo 31:59
Yeah no, I mean, the objections have been just about every election, right?
Tony Badalamenti 32:05
So you never heard him say, if we go through this process, I'm not gonna listen to, listen to the Constitution. You never heard him say that. But he, he did say, 'I'm going to fight to the very end.' Until it's proven. That, that, that's what happens. So your, your opinion, is skewing the reality, and I kind of get where you're going.
Michael Indriolo 32:27
Well, well no, I mean I'm not–
Tony Badalamenti 32:29
My opinion doesn't matter to any of this either. My opinion is both sides are to blame.
Michael Indriolo 32:34
That's, yeah. And that's, you know, I just wanted to have a conversation with you. I'm not trying to skew reality. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to, like, you know, say that this is, you know, what it is. I'm just trying to, you know, have a conversation with you. But -
Tony Badalamenti 32:50
Absolutely, and I agree with that. And I think I, we talked before during, the election time, and then when you report whatever I said, please be accurate. That's all I ask.
Michael Indriolo 33:01
And do you feel like my reporting on, did you, I don't know if you got a chance to see the article.
Tony Badalamenti 33:05
You did good. You did, you did good. You did good. I appreciate it. I didn't get a chance to tell you. You did good. You did good.
Michael Indriolo 33:11
Yeah, I'm, I'm trying -
Tony Badalamenti 33:11
Yeah. OK. I appreciate that. And it gets, everybody that reported for the last four interviews that I did with everybody that I did interviews with, were dead-on accurate. So I appreciate that from you, too. And I just just wanted to make sure I got that in there. And I expect, I expect good out of you. And you can say anything that I said, just keep it in context for me.
Michael Indriolo 33:14
Yeah, I appreciate it. I mean, that's, you know, you're a Portage County elected official. I'm a reporter here. I feel like we're gonna have to talk a handful of times in the future, so.
Tony Badalamenti 33:48
Absolutely, and you, you, you call me, honest to God, What is your first name?
Michael Indriolo 33:54
Michael.
Tony Badalamenti 33:55
OK, 'cause it comes up, 'Lila' on my phone.
Michael Indriolo 33:58
Yeah that's weird, that's my mom's name.
Tony Badalamenti 34:03
OK, alright. Yeah. Michael, anytime you want to call me to get an opinion about what's going on, feel free to. You got, this is my cell phone number. I give my cell phone number out to everybody. So you're more than welcome to call me, you know, and if I don't want to talk about something or I can't, I'll tell you. But I don't have a problem. I have my beliefs of what's happening in our country, in our county, which I do have opportunities to change. And I think we're gonna, we're gonna do great. We've got some good people. And it's time to change Portage County for the better for all of its people. And safety is one of those issues in our county.
Michael Indriolo 34:45
Yeah, I agree. And, you know, I wanted to really quick before I let you go, I wanted to ask you, um, so, you know, I know you mentioned you have friends that went over there. And, you know, I don't want to impose on you or anything, but would you would you be willing to ask them if they're willing to talk to me?
Tony Badalamenti 35:02
Absolutely. Absolutely. I'm getting ready to go into a meeting. And I will call one of them and ask her if I could pass on your phone number.
Michael Indriolo 35:11
I really appreciate it.
Tony Badalamenti 35:12
Yep, absolutely. I'm glad to do that. This, this is crazy, the things that happened yesterday.
Michael Indriolo 35:21
Yeah. It's unprecedented in, you know, a number of ways.
Tony Badalamenti 35:26
It's a shame. It's a shame that all of this has come down to that. And I blame all of our elected officials for the rhetoric that we're hearing people do, and the behavior. I think the behavior is, is, is terrible on both sides. And you gotta blame both.
Michael Indriolo 35:44
Well, I again, you know, really appreciate you taking the time to talk with me. Is there any, you know, final comments you'd like to add?
Tony Badalamenti 35:52
We're gonna make Portage County one of the greatest counties in the state of Ohio.
Michael Indriolo 35:58
Alright, I hope so. I sure as hell hope so.
Tony Badalamenti 36:01
That's all I'd like to say, I hope the country does well, and I hope we prosper as we did under Trump. And the jobs continue growing and the economy continues to grow. I hope those things are what happens for our country. Just like I hope that's what happens with Portage County.
Michael Indriolo 36:17
Alright well, yeah, feel free to, feel free to let me know if your friend you know, wants to talk to me or just go ahead and pass on my number, whatever you want.
Tony Badalamenti 36:25
Okay, I will, I will do that. Alright Michael, have a great afternoon.
Michael Indriolo 36:29
Alright. You too, bye.
Tony Badalamenti 36:30
Bye 

Verse 2:  JT Money
Save the beef for the patty; I don't rap for the weak
The Poison Clan's mack daddy ain't your speed
I get respect to the maximum, some be actin' dumb
They're not down with the Poison, so I'm taxin' 'em
Eatin' 'em up, like a gyro sandwich
They're never Poison Clan 'cause they do zero damage
JT Money's the man you can never predict
I'm crusin' while suckas gettin' sea-sick
Now stuff like this you can't resist nowadays
Poison is power, and power pays
So I choose to be Poisonous
You can never pose a threat if you put your boys in this
But rather though, you'll tell your kids a story of
JT, the Poison Clan warrior
I'm never lost in the source 'cause I'm the boss
Hot like the devil but cool as Jack Frost
And I fly niggas' head like a frisbee
You just seen a rough nigga gettin' busy
Chorus
Motherfuckers on ropes and still can't hang with me
The mack daddy's back on track and it's plain to see
I'm one of the best out, I'm waitin' the next 'bout
Never fakin' makin' the opposite sex shout
Niggas act hard when they know they soft
Pull a switch on your back and turn yo' ass off
'Cause the shit y'all kickin' ain't hittin'
The shit I kick kick ass; I ain't bullshittin'
I'm on a rampage to do damage
Eat you like a sandwich, 'cause you can't manage
Niggas try to get fly, so then I wreck 'em
Kick 'em in the rectum, and then reject 'em
I make Hell raise, kick like a 12-guage
Make you feel like you're trapped in a steel cage
Niggas kickin' nursery rhymes and weak fables
I kick shit like I'm walkin' through a horse stable
Gettin' shit on my steel-toe, but still chilled, though
My foot'll be up yo' ass like a dildo
So don't be next, black
'Cause I cause way more shit than Ex-Lax


Oh they call it that good ole mountain dew and them that refuse it are few
I'll hush up my mug if you'll fill up my jug with that good ole mountain dew
Now Mr. Roosevelt told 'em just how he felt
When he heard that the dry law 'd gone through
If your liquors too red it'll swell up your head
You better stick to that good ole mountain dew

The preacher rode by with his head hasted high
Said his wife had been down with the flu
He thought that I o'rt to sell him a quart of my good ole mountain dew

Well my uncle Snort he's sawed off and short he measures four feet two
But he feels like a giant when you give him a pint of that good old mountain dew
You might also 

Yo, I hope they don't but I know my emotions haunt me
If they get angry with the stanley I'll result to cruelty
Loads of fury inside but they just wanna know the story
But I'm not a snitch, I'm the opposite so I ain't gotta fib
Rotten is rotten I ain't ever told the jury
What happened what time or place and who it was I know its naughty
Truthfully usually ego ain't my thing but most importantly
But I've got game like G-unit did
I poke ya shorty and I'm not playing
Everybody's dealing with the ego
And I've got one but I hate revealing it to people
I roll with few brothers that I show my true colours
And you deep throat niggas I don't roll with you suckers
Putting your trust in someone is so unworth it
They'll betray you, no one's perfect (and that's the truth ya know)
My ex's ain't met nobody supra
Competition can't stand straight cos I shoot 'em up
I'm a big man not a junior
Picture me dying for a chick like junior
But the wifey's I see are a breeze
I get her on her knees
While you eat her you sweet her
Then a Sunday in Antigua (True talk)
I need my notes higher than that chick singing New York
Me taken for an idiot, who thought
It could ever happen, it will never happen
You might also like
This whole industry is one big illusion and nothing is as real as it looks (you feel me)
Even when I'm looking fabulous remember that I'm Rotten and I'm still from the hood (hood)
It's so difficult not to make mistakes sometimes
And not to display hate sometimes
It's easy to lose faith sometimes
I'm just a normal human being
Remember nobody's perfect
I do my best but I'm only a person
Just like you, another soul with a purpose
Just a normal human being

I'm just a normal human being like you
I brush my teeth, wash my face
Take the garbage out, clean up
Help mumzie out, ya know?
Don't think I'm some alien or nothing
I'm just like you

Let me get a bit more personal
First of all I'm a sinner I never went Church at all
I'm a winner spitting sicker ever since I learnt to talk
So fly I have no time for a terminal (oh my)
I'd be lying if I said I don't lie
You heard me snore
I turn a full horizontal for acting wicked vertical
I leave him like a baby on the street on the curb to crawl
Damage him, anger management I never learnt in school
It's like I'm always avoiding the right path
They say always take the easy route out because life's hard
I'd rather struggle for it than just have got my chance
Struggle perfecting the flow, struggle just to write bars
So I could appreciate the success
Cause in my hood niggas only appreciate a slug fest
That's why I feel like the needle in the haystack
The reason that the game's back, I mean it when I say that


I wonder (I wonder) who
Will sing (Will sing) for me
When I come to the cross of the silent sea
Who will sing (Who will sing) for me?

When crowds shall gather 'round
And look down on me
Will they turn and walk away
Or will they sing one song for me

I wonder (I wonder) who
Will sing (Will sing) for me
When I come to the cross of the silent sea
Who will sing (Who will sing) for me?You might also 
1 ContributorRogue One: A Star Wars Story LyricsA long time ago in a galaxy far,
far away....
- Mama.
- We know.
Jyn, gather your things, it's time.
Hello.
Saw, it's Lyra.
It's happened.
He's come for us.
You know what to do.
Jyn, come here.
Remember, whatever I do,
I do it to protect you.
Say you understand.
I understand.
- I love you, Stardust.
- I love you too, Papa.
Galen.
Go.
Jyn.
You know where to go, don't you?
Trust the force.
You're a hard man to find, Galen.
But farming?
Really, a man of your talents?
It's a peaceful life.
It's lonely, I imagine.
Since Lyra died, yes.
Oh.
Oh.
My condolences.
Search the house!
Understood.
What is it you want?
The work has stalled,
I need you to come back.
I won't do it, Krennic.
We're on the verge of greatness.
We were this close
to providing peace,
security for the galaxy.
You're confusing peace with terror.
Do I, huh?
You have to start somewhere.
I'll be of no help, Krennic.
My mind just isn't
what it was.
I have trouble remembering,
even simple things.
Galen,
you're an inspired scientist
but you're a terrible liar.
Now I admire the effort,
I really do.
Oh look, here's Lyra back from the dead.
It's a miracle.
Stop!
Oh, Lyra.
Troublesome as ever.
You're not taking him.
No, of course I'm not.
I'm taking you all.
You'll all come.
You, your child,
- You'll all live in comfort.
- As hostages.
As 'heroes of the Empire.'
Lyra.
Put it down.
Think very carefully.
- You will never win.
- Do it.
Lyra!
No!
They have a child.
Find it!
My child.
Come.
Come.
We have a long ride
ahead of us.
ROGUE ONE
Check in, security.
Cell block 4227
- I was about to leave.
- I came as fast as I could.
I have to get back on board.
- Walk with me.
- Back to Jedha?
They'll leave without me!
Easy. You have news from Jedha?
Come on.
An Imperial pilot, one of the cargo drivers.
He defected yesterday.
He's telling people
they're making a weapon.
The kyber crystals,
that's what they're for.
What kind of weapon?
- Look, I have to go.
- What kind of weapon?
A planet killer.
That's what he called it.
A planet killer?
Someone named Erso sent him.
- Some old friend of Saw's.
- Galen Erso?
- Was it?
- I don't know! They were looking for Saw when we left.
- Who else knows this?
- I have no idea!
It's all falling apart.
Saw's right, there're spies everywhere
What's all this?
Come on, let's see some scandocs.
Yeah, of course.
My gloves?
No
What've you done?
Troopers down, section 9.
Are you crazy?
I'll never climb out of here.
My arm...
Get out of the way.
Move! Move!
Calm down.
Calm down.
We'll be all right.
Is that him?
He looks kind of different
than I imagined.
Okay,
so you're-you're Saw Gerrera?
Saw Gerrera.
No?
Okay, we're just wasting
time that we don't have.
I need to speak to Saw Gerrera!
I keep telling them before, before it's too late.
We're out here in the middle of nowhere.
We need to get to Jedha City.
What part of urgent message
do you guys not understand?
Hey!
we're all on the same side, if you just
see past the uniform for a minute
I've got to speak to ah...
I've got to speak to Saw Gerrera.
What now?
I don't know.
Must be another pick up.
I thought we had everybody.
-All clear, sir.
- Hallik!
- Liana Hallik!
- Her.
You want to get out of here?
Hey!
What about me?
Congratulations.
You are being rescued
Please do not resist.
LU-28, report to maintenance level 4.
You're currently calling yourself Liana Hallik.
Is that correct?
Possession of unsanctioned weapons,
forgery of Imperial documents,
aggravated assault,
escape from custody, resisting arrest
Imagine if the Imperial authorities had
found out who you really were. Jyn Erso?
That's your given name, is it not?
Jyn Erso?
Daughter of Galen Erso.
A known Imperial collaborator
in weapons development.
What is this?
It's a chance for you
to make a fresh start.
We think you might be
able to help us.
This is Captain Cassian Andor,
Rebel Intelligence.
When was the last time you were
in contact with your father?
15 years ago.
Any idea where he's been
all that time?
I like to think he's dead,
makes things easier.
Easier than what? That he's being a tool
of the Imperial war machine?
- I've never had the luxury of political opinions.
- Really?
When was your last contact
with Saw Gerrera?
It's been a long time.
He'd remember you, though,
wouldn't he?
He might agree to meet you,
if you came as a friend.
We're up against the clock here, girl,
So if there's nothing to talk about,
we'll just put you back
where we found you.
I was a child, Saw Gerrera saved my life.
He raised me. But I've no idea where he is.
I haven't seen him in years.
We know how to find him,
that's not our problem.
What we need is someone who gets us
through the door without being killed.
You're all rebels, aren't you?
Yes, but Saw Gerrera's an extremist.
He's been fighting on his own
since he broke with the Rebellion.
His militancy has caused the Alliance
a great many problems.
We have no choice now but to try
to mend that broken trust.
What does this have
to do with my father?
There's an Imperial defector in Jedha.
A pilot.
He's being held by Saw Gerrera.
He's claiming the Emperor is creating a weapon
with the power to destroy entire planets.
The pilot says he was
sent by your father.
We need to stop this
weapon before it is finished.
Captain Andor's mission is to authenticate
the pilot's story and then, if possible, find your father.
It appears he is critical to the
development of this superweapon.
Given the gravity of the situation
and your history with Saw,
we're hoping that he will help us locate your father
and return him to the Senate for testimony.
And if I do it?
We'll make sure you go free.
Captain Andor!
I'm Kay-Tuesso (K-2SO)
I'm a reprogrammed Imperial droid.
I remember you.
I see the Council is sending you
with us to Jedha.
Apparently so.
That is a bad idea.
I think so, and so does Cassian.
What do I know?
My specialty is just strategic analysis.
Galen Erso is vital to the
Empire's weapon program.
Forget what you heard in there,
there will be no extraction.
You find him,
you kill him.
Then and there.
You met Kay-Tu?
Charming.
He tends to say whatever
comes into his circuits.
It's a by-product of the reprogram.
Why does she get a blaster,
and I don't?
- What.
- I know how to use it.
That's what I'm afraid of.
Give it to me.
We're going to Jedha.
That's a war zone.
That's not the point.
- Where did you get it?
- I found it.
I find that answer
vague and unconvincing.
Trust goes both ways.
You're letting her keep it?
Would you like to know the probability
of her using it against you?
- It's high.
- Let's get going.
It's very high.
Lies!
Deceptions!
Let's see it.
Bodhi Rook.
Cargo pilot.
- Local boy, huh?
- Uh-huh.
Okay, I can hear you.
He didn't capture me,
I came here myself.
I defected, I defected.
Every day, more lies.
Lies?
Would I risk everything for a lie?
No, we don't have time for this!
I have to speak to Saw Gerrera
before it's too late.
Okay...
So, you...
Um.
Uh.
That's-That's for you.
And I gave it to them,
they did not find it!
I gave it to them.
Galen Erso.
He told me to find you.
Bor Gullet.
Bor Gullet?
Galen Erso sent me!
He told me to find you!
Most unfortunate about the security breach
on Jedha, Director Krennic.
After so many setbacks and delays,
and now this.
We've heard word of rumors
circulating through the city.
Apparently you've lost
a rather talkative cargo pilot.
If the Senate gets wind of our project,
countless systems will flock to the Rebellion.
When the battle station is finished, Governor Tarkin,
the Senate will be of little concern.
When has become now, Director Krennic.
The Emperor will tolerate no further delay,
you have made time
an ally of the Rebellion.
I suggest, we solve both problems simultaneously
with an immediate test of the weapon.
Failure will find you explaining why
to a far less patient audience.
I will not fail.
What's the matter, Jyn?
You looked frightened.
I'll always protect you.
Stardust.
Don't ever change.
Trust...
Galen.
We're coming into orbit.
You have controls.
That's Jedha.
Or what's left of it.
We find Saw,
we find your father.
What's with the Destroyer?
It's because of your old friend, Saw Gerrera.
He's been attacking the cargo shipments.
What are they bringing in?
It's 'what are they taking out?'
Kyber crystal.
All they can get.
We wondered why they were
stripping the temple, now we know.
It's the fuel for the weapon.
The weapon your father's building.
Maybe we should leave
target practice behind.
Are you talking about me?
She's right.
We need to blend in.
Stay with the ship.
I can blend in.
I'm an Imperial droid.
This city is under Imperial occupation
Half the people here want to reprogram you.
The other half want to put a hole in your head.
I'm surprised you're so concerned
with my safety.
I'm not. I'm just worried
they might miss you and hit me.
Doesn't sound so bad to me.
Bor Gullet can feel your thoughts,
No lie is safe.
What have you really
brought me, cargo pilot?
Bor Gullet will know the truth.
The unfortunate side effect,
- is that one tends to lose one's mind.
- No.
Hey, you just watch yourself.
No, no.
Tourist, we don't want any trouble, sorry.
Come on.
Come on.
Citizens of Jedha,
you must come forward with information
of the location of this missing cargo pilot.
A reward of 600 credits for the
information shall be awarded.
I had a contact,
one of Saw's rebels,
but he's just gone missing.
His sister will be looking for him.
The temple's been destroyed
but she'll be there waiting.
We'll give her your name and hope
that gets us a meeting with Saw.
Hope?
Yeah.
Rebellions are built on hope.
Hands where I can see them.
Get over there.
Show me some identification.
Check inside.
Is this all because of your pilot?
May the Force of others be with you.
- May the Force of others be with you.
- Wait for me.
May the Force of others be with you.
May the Force of others be with you.
Would you trade that necklace
for a glimpse into your future?
Yes, I'm speaking to you.
I am Chirrut mwe.
How did you know
I was wearing a necklace?
For that answer you must pay.
What do you know of kyber crystals?
My father, he said they powered
the Jedi lightsabers.
Jyn.
Come on, let's go.
The strongest stars have hearts of kyber.
Let's go.
We're not here to make friends.
Who are they?
The Guardians of the Whills.
Protectors of the Kyber Temple.
But there's nothing left to protect, so
now they're just causing trouble for everybody.
You seem awfully tense all of a sudden.
We have to hurry.
This townit's ready to blow.
Citizens of the Empire,
Imperial forces...
Tell me you have a backup plan.
Incoming.
Put your guns down.
Behind us.
Looks like we found Saw's rebels.
Jyn, no!
Thank you.
Hit the tower.
Get out of there!
Quickly, the kyber, get it.
Here, take the kyber.
Take the kyber.
Come on!
This way!
Did you know that wasn't me?
Of course!
I thought I told
you to stay on the ship
You did, but I thought it was boring,
and you were in trouble.
There are a lot of explosions
for two people blending in.
Freeze right there...
You're right,
I should just wait on the ship.
Halt!
Stop right there!
Where are you taking these prisoners?
- These are prisoners.
- Yes. Where are you taking them?
I am taking them... to imprison them.
In prison.
- He's taking us to...
- Quiet!
And there's a fresh one
if you mouth off again!
- We'll take them from here.
- That's okay.
If you could just point me in the right direction,
I can take them, I'm sure.
- I've taken them this far
- Hey, wait a second.
- Take them away.
- Wait!
- Hey, droid.
You can't take them away!
You stay here.
We need to check your diagnostics.
Diagnostics?
I'm capable of running my own diagnostics,
thank you very much.
Let them pass in peace!
Let them pass in peace.
The Force is with me,
and I am with the Force.
And I fear nothing,
for all is as the Force wills it.
Hey!
Stop right there!
He's blind.
Is he deaf?
I said: Stop right there!
Is your foot all right?
You almost shot me.
You're welcome.
Clear of hostiles!
- One hostile!
- He's with us!
They're all right.
Thanks.
Cassian, I'm sorry about the slap.
Go back to the ship.
Wait for my call.
Is he a Jedi?
There are no Jedi here anymore.
Only dreamers like this fool.
The Force did protect me.
I protected you.
Can you get us to Saw Gerrera?
Can't you see
we are no friends of the Empire?
Anyone who kills me or my friends
will answer to Saw Gerrera,
Because I am the daughter of Galen Erso.
Are you kidding me?
I'm blind!
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
You pray?
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
Really?
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
He's praying for the door to open.
It bothers him,
because he knows it is possible.
Baze Malbus was once
the most devoted Guardian of us all.
I'm beginning to think the Force
and I have different priorities.
Relax, Captain.
We've been in worse cages than this one.
This is a first for me.
There is more than
one sort of prison, Captain,
I sense that you carry yours
wherever you go.
Jyn.
Is it really you?
I can't believe it.
Must be quite a surprise.
Are we not still friends?
The last time I saw you, you gave me
a knife and loaded blaster
and told me to wait
in a bunker until daylight.
I knew you were safe.
You left me behind.
You were already
the best soldier in my cadre.
- I was sixteen.
- I was protecting you!
You dumped me!
You were the daughter
of an Imperial science officer!
People were starting to figure that out.
People who wanted to-
to use you as a hostage.
Not a day goes by
that I don't think of you
But today, of all days?
It's a trap, isn't it?
What?
The pilot!
The message.
All of it.
Did they...
send you?
Did you come here to kill me?
There's not much of me left.
The Alliance wants my father.
They think he's sent you
a message about a weapon.
I guess they think by sending me
you might actually help them out.
So what is it that you want, Jyn?
They wanted an introduction,
they've got it.
I'm out now.
The rest of you can do what you want.
You care not about the cause?
The cause?
Seriously?
The Alliance?
The...
The rebels? Whatever it is
you're calling yourself these days?
All it's ever brought me is pain.
You can stand to see the Imperial flag
reign across the galaxy?
It's not a problem
if you don't look up.
I have something to show you,
come.
The Emperor is awaiting my report.
One had hoped that he and Lord Vader
might have been here for such an occasion.
And I thought it prudent to save
you from any potential embarrassment.
Your concern is hardly warranted.
If saying it would only make it so.
All Imperial forces, have been evacuated,
and I stand ready to destroy the entire moon.
That won't be necessary.
We need a statement, not a manifesto.
The Holy City will be
enough for the day.
Target Jedha City,
prepare single reactor ignition.
- Sir, we're in position, ready to...
- Fire!
Commence primary ignition.
Who's the one in the next cell?
What?
Where?
An Imperial pilot.
- Pilot?
- I'm going to kill Kim!
- No, no, No, wait!
- Come here!
NO!
Back off.
Back off.
Okay.
Are you the pilot?
Hey, heyare you the pilot?
The shuttle pilot?
Pilot?
What's wrong with him?
Galen Erso.
You know that name?
I brought the message, I'm the pilot.
I'm the pilot.
I'm the pilot.
Okay, good.
Now where is Galen Erso?
Standby.
This is the message I was sent.
Saw, if you're watching this,
then perhaps there is a chance
to save the Alliance.
Perhaps there's a chance to explain myself and,
though I don't dare hope for too much,
a chance for Jyn,
if she's alive,
if you can possibly find her
to let her know that
my love for her has never faded
and how desperately I've missed her.
Jyn, my Stardust,
I can't imagine
what you think of me.
When I was taken,
I faced some bitter truths.
I was told that, soon enough,
Krennic would have you as well.
As time went by,
I knew that you were either dead
or so well hidden that
he would never find you.
I knew if I refused to work,
if I took my own life,
it would only be a matter of time
before Krennic realized he no longer
needed me to complete the project.
So I did the one thing
that nobody expected: I lied.
I learned to lie.
I played the part of a beaten man
resigned to the sanctuary of his work.
I made myself indispensable,
and all the while
I laid the groundwork of my revenge.
We call it the Death Star.
There is no better name.
And the day is coming soon
when it will be unleashed.
I've placed a weakness deep within the system.
A flaw so small and powerful,
they'll never find it.
But, Jyn.
Jyn, if you're listening
My beloved, so much of my life
has been wasted.
I try to think of you
only in the moments when I'm strong,
because the pain of not
having you with me
Your mother.
Our family.
The pain of that loss is so overwhelming
I risk failing even now.
It's just so hard
not to think of you.
Think of where you are.
My Stardust.
Saw, the reactor module,
that's the key.
That's the place I've laid my trap.
It's well hidden and unstable,
one blast to any part of it
will destroy the entire station.
You'll need the plans,
the structural plans for the Death Star
to find the reactor.
I know there's a complete
engineering archive in the data vault
at the Citadel Tower on Scarif.
Any pressurized explosion
to the reactor module will set off
a chain reaction that will
destroy the entire station...
Go.
Go.
K-2?
K-2, where are you?
There you are.
I'm standing by as you requested.
Although there's a problem on the horizon.
There is no horizon.
Locate our position.
Bring that ship in here now!
Where are you going?
I've got to find Jyn.
- Get the pilot. We need him.
- All right.
I'll get the pilot.
Pilot.
No, no, no.
Let's go.
Jyn!
We've got to go.
I know where your father is.
Go with him, Jyn.
You must go.
- Come with us.
- I will run no longer.
- Come on.
- But you must save yourself.
- Come on.
- Go!
There's no time!
Save the Rebellion!
Save the dream!
Oh.
It's beautiful.
Chirrut, let's go!
Come on!
Let's get out of here!
Get us out of here!
Punch it!
- I'm not very optimistic about our role.
- Let's not, K
Come on!
- Punch it.
- I haven't completed my calculation.
I'll make them for you.
I believe I owe you
an apology, Director Krennic.
Your work exceeds all expectations.
And you'll tell the Emperor as much?
I will tell him his patience with your
misadventures has been rewarded
with a weapon that will bring
a swift end to the Rebellion.
That was only an inkling
of it's destructive potential
I will tell him, that I will be
taking control over the weapon
I first spoke of years ago
effective immediately.
We stand here amid
my achievementnot yours!
I'm afraid these recent security breaches have
laid bare your inadequacies as a military director.
The breaches have been filled,
Jedha has been silenced.
You think this pilot acted alone?
He was dispatched from
the installation on Eadu.
Galen Erso's facility.
We'll see about this.
A coded message from Captain Andor, sir.
Weapon confirmed.
Jedha destroyed.
Mission target located on Eadu.
Please advise.
Destroyed?
Proceed.
Tell him my orders still stand.
Tell him to proceed with haste
and keep to the plan.
We have no idea what he is
building for the Empire.
We have to kill Galen Erso
while we have the chance.
Baze, tell me.
All of it?
The whole city?
- Tell me.
- All of it.
Understood.
Set a course for Eadu.
Setting course for Eadu.
Is that where my father is?
I think so.
So you're Galen's daughter.
You know him?
I'm Bodhi, the pilot.
You brought the message.
Yes, your father...
He said I could get right by myself.
He said I could make it right,
if I was brave enough
and listened to what
was in my heart.
Do something about it.
Guess it was too late.
It wasn't too late.
Seems pretty late to me.
No.
We can beat the people
who did this.
My father's message, I've seen it.
They call it the Death Star.
But they have no idea
there's a way to defeat it.
You're wrong about my father.
- He did build it.
- Because he knew they'd do it without him.
My father made a choice.
He sacrificed himself for the Rebellion.
He's rigged a trap inside it
That's why he sent you.
To bring that message.
Where is it?
Where's the message?
It was a hologram.
You have that message, right?
Everything happened so fast.
Did you see it?
You don't believe me.
I'm not the one
you've got to convince.
I believe her.
That's good to know.
What kind of trap?
You said your father made a trap.
The reactor
He's placed a weakness there.
He's been hiding it for years.
He said if you can blow the reactor-
the module- the whole system goes down.
You need to send word
to the Alliance.
I've done that.
They have to know
there's a way to destroy this thing.
- They have to go to Scarif to get the plans.
- I can't risk sending that.
We're in the heart of Imperial territory.
Then we'll find him.
And bring him back,
and he can tell them himself.
Course set for Eadu, sir.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
20 egress to the right.
10 degrees up.
No, no, no, lower.
Lower!
Are you sure this is the way?
They have landing trackers.
They have patrol squadrons.
You've got to stay in the canyon,
keep it low.
Watch your right!
There's a 26% chance of failure.
How much farther?
I don't know.
I'm not sure, I never really come this way,
but we're close, we're close.
I know that.
- Well, now there's a 35% chance of failure.
- I don't want to know, thank you.
I understand.
- Now! Put it down now!
- The wind...
If you keep going, you'll be
right over the shuttle depot.
- Watch out!
- Hey!
Hold on tight!
We're coming down hard!
- Try them again.
- I am, sir. We...
The signal's gone dead.
Squadron up, target Eadu.
How about now, check stabilizers?
- Bodhi, where's the lab?
- The research facility?
Yeah.
Where is it?
It's just over the ridge.
And that's a shuttle depot straight ahead of us?
You are sure of that?
Yes.
We'll have to hope there's still
an Imperial ship left to steal.
Here's what we're doing.
Hopefully, the storm keeps up
and keeps us hidden down here.
Bodhi, you're coming with me.
We'll go up the ridge
and check it out.
I'm coming with you.
No, your father's message,
we can't risk it.
You're the messenger.
That's ridiculous. We all got the message.
Everyone here knows it.
One blast to the reactor module
and the whole system goes down.
That's how you said it.
The whole system goes down.
Get to work fixing our comms!
All I want to do right now is get a
handle on what we're up against.
So, we're going to go very small and very carefully
up the rise and see what's what.
Let's get out of here.
Does he look like a killer?
No.
He has the face of a friend.
Who are you talking about?
Captain Andor.
Why do you ask that? What do you mean,
does he look like a killer?
The Force moves darkly near
a creature that's about to kill.
His weapon was in the
sniper configuration.
No, no, no...
We got to go up.
You can't see much from down there.
This way.
I'll be right behind you.
Come on.
Where are you going?
I'm going to follow Jyn.
Her path is clear.
Alone?
Good luck!
I don't need luck,
I have you!
What are they doing?
If Cassian comes back,
we're leaving without them.
You see Erso out there?
We've come too far.
Patience, my friend.
That's him.
That's him, Galen, in the dark suit.
Get back down there,
and find us a ride out of here.
What are you doing?
- You heard me.
- You said we came up here just to have a look
I'm here, I'm looking.
Go.
Hurry!
Excellent news, Galen.
The battle station is complete.
You must be very proud.
Proud as I can be, Krennic.
Gather your engineers,
I have an announcement.
Is that all of them?
- Yes.
Gentlemen.
One of you betrayed the Empire.
One of you has conspired with a pilot
to send messages to the Rebellion.
And I urge that traitor step forward.
Very well, I'll consider it a group effort, then.
Ready!
- No.
- No, please.
Aim...
- and...
- No, no.
- fire!
- Stop! Stop! Krennic, stop. It was me.
It was me.
They have nothing to do with it.
Spare them.
Fire!
How do I know
the weapon is complete?
Let me share with you some details..
Cassian.
Cassian, can you hear me?
I'm here.
You got it working.
Affirmative yes, although we have a problem!
There's an Alliance squadron approaching.
- Clear the area!
- No. No, no, no!
Tell them to hold up!
Jyn's on that platform!
Jedha.
Saw Gerrera.
His band of fanatics.
Their Holy City.
The last reminder of the Jedi. Gone.
You'll never win.
Now where have I heard that before?
Relay from Captain Andor.
- General.
- Captain Andor requesting a delay on squadron support.
Alliance forces onsite.
Please confirm.
Get the squadron leader on,
Get him on now!
They're already engaged, sir.
Dead
No.
Return fire!
To your stations.
Get our fighters in the air now!
Father!
- Go, go, go, go.
- Fall back! Fall back!
Director, we need to evacuate.
Papa.
Papa, it's me.
It's Jyn.
Jyn.
Stardust.
Papa.
I've seen
your message.
The hologram, I've seen it.
It must be destroyed
I know.
I know.
We will.
Jyn.
Look at you.
I've so much to tell you.
Papa.
No. No
Papa
Papa! Come on.
Over there, take them down.
Come on.
- Jyn, we've got to go. Come on.
- I can't leave him,
Listen to me.
He's gone.
There's nothing you can do.
Come on.
- I can't leave him.
- Come on!
- Help me.
- Move!
Down!
Come on.
Come on.
Well done.
You're a Rebel now.
Let's go, let's go.
Come on, let's move!
Come on, let's get out of here.
Move, move, move.
Okay, K-2, let's go.
Copy that.
- Ion thrusters low until we cleared the storm.
- Understood.
You lied to me.
You're in shock.
You went up there to kill my father.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
Deny it
You're in shock,
and looking for someplace to put it.
- I've seen it before.
- I bet you have.
They know.
You lied about why we came here and
you lied about why you went up alone.
I had every chance to pull the trigger.
But did I?
Did I?
You might as well have.
My father was living proof and you put him at risk.
Those were Alliance bombs
that killed him!
I had orders!
Orders that I disobeyed!
- But you wouldn't understand that.
- Orders?
When you know they're wrong?
You might as well be a stormtrooper.
What do you know?
We don't all have the luxury of deciding when
and where we want to care about something.
Suddenly the Rebellion is
real for you?
Some of us live it.
I've been in this fight
since I was 6 years old.
You're not the only one
who lost everything.
Some of us just decided
to do something about it.
You can't talk your way around this.
I don't have to.
Yavin Four!
Make sure they know we're
coming in with a stolen ship.
Anybody else?
My lord, Director Krennic has arrived.
Director Krennic.
Lord Vader.
You seem unsettled.
No.
Just pressed for time.
There're a great many things to attend
to.
My apologies.
You do have a great
many things to explain.
I've delivered the weapon
the Emperor requested
I deserve an audience to make certain
he understands its remarkable potential.
Its power to create problems
has certainly been confirmed.
A city destroyed.
An Imperial facility openly attacked.
It was Governor Tarkin
that suggested the test.
You were not summoned here to grovel,
Director Krennic.
- No, I...
- There is no Death Star.
The Senate has been informed that
Jedha was destroyed in a mining disaster.
Yes, my lord.
I expect you to not rest until
you can assure the Emperor
that Galen Erso has not compromised
this weapon in any way.
So I'm still in command?
You'll speak to the Emperor about
Be careful not to choke
on your aspirations, Director.
We must scatter the fleet.
We have no recourse but to surrender.
Are we really talking about disbanding
something that we've worked so hard to create?
- We can't just give in.
- We joined an Alliance, not a suicide pact!
- We've only now managed to gather our forces.
- Gather our forces?
General Draven's already blown up
an Imperial base!
A decision needed to be made.
If it's war you want,
you'll fight alone!
If that's the way it's going,
why have an Alliance at all?
If she's telling the truth,
we need to act now!
Councilors, please!
It is simple, the Empire has the means of
mass destruction. The Rebellion does not.
A Death Star, this is nonsense.
What reason would my father have to lie?
What benefit would it bring him?
To lure our forces into a final battle.
To destroy us once and for all.
To risk everything, based on what?
The testimony of a criminal?
The dying words of her father,
an Imperial scientist?
Don't forget the Imperial pilot.
My father gave his life so that
we may have a chance to defeat this.
So you've told us.
If the Empire has this kind of power,
what chance do we have?
What chance do we have?
The question is 'What choice?'
Run? Hide? Plead for mercy?
Scatter your forces?
You give way to an enemy
this evil with this much power
and you condemn the galaxy
to an eternity of submission.
- The time to fight is now!
- Yes.
Every moment you waste is another
step closer to the ashes of Jedha.
- What is she proposing?
- Just let the girl speak!
Send your best troops to Scarif.
Send the whole rebel fleet if you have to.
We need to capture the Death Star plans
if there is any hope of destroying it.
You're asking us to invade an Imperial
installation based on nothing but hope?
Rebellions are built on hope.
There is no hope.
I say we fight.
I say the Rebellion is finished.
I'm sorry, Jyn.
Without the full support
of the council,
the odds are too great.
General Bendola,
please report to the briefing room.
You don't look happy.
- They prefer to surrender.
- And you?
- She wants to fight.
- So do I. We all do.
The Force is strong.
I'm not sure four of us is quite enough.
- How many do we need?
- What are you talking about?
They were never going to believe you.
I appreciate the support.
But I do.
I believe you.
We'd like to volunteer
Some of us...
... most of us,
we've done terrible things
on behalf of the Rebellion.
We're spies.
Saboteurs. Assassins.
Everything I did,
I did for the Rebellion.
And every time I walked away from
something I wanted to forget
I told myself it was for a cause
that I believed in.
A cause that was worth it.
Without that, we're lost.
Everything we've done would
have been for nothing.
I couldn't face myself
if I gave up now.
None of us could.
It won't be comfortable.
It'll be a bit cramped,
but we'll all fit.
We could go.
Okay.
Gear up.
Grab anything that's not nailed down.
Go, go, go!
Jyn.
I'll be there for you.
Cassian said I had to.
I'm not used to people sticking around
when things go bad
Welcome home.
Bravo team to the Intelligence office
for extraction mission report.
May the Force be with us.
Cargo shuttle, read back, please.
What's going on out there?
That ship's off limits. No one is suppose
to be on board until farther instructions.
Yes, yes we are.
Affirmative.
That's an impounded Imperial ship.
What's your call sign, pilot?
- Um.
- We have to go.
It-It's um...
Say something.
Come on.
Rogue...
Rogue One.
Rogue One?
There is no Rogue One.
Well, there is now.
- Rogue One, pulling away.
- Pulling away.
Despite what the others say,
war is inevitable
Yes, I agree.
I must return to Alderaan
to inform my people
that there will be no peace.
We will need every advantage.
Your friend, the Jedi.
He served me well
during the Clone Wars
and has lived in hiding
since the Emperor's purge.
Yes, I will send for him.
You'll need someone you can trust.
I would trust her with my life.
- Captain Antilles, I have a mission for you.
- Senator.
Okay, we're coming in.
There's a planetwide defensive shield
with a single main entry gate.
This shuttle should be equipped with
an access code that allows us through.
Assuming, the Empire hasn't
logged it as overdue.
And if they have?
Then,they shut the gate and we're all
annihilated in the cold, dark vacuum of space.
Not me,
I can survive in space.
Okay.
Here it goes
Cargo shuttle SW-0608
requesting a landing pad.
Cargo shuttle SW-0608,
you're not listed on the arrival schedule.
Acknowledged, Gate Control.
We were rerouted from Eadu Flight Station.
- Transmitting clearance code now.
- Transmitting.
Cargo shuttle SW-0608?
-You are cleared for entry.
- Yes!
Impressive.
I'll tell the others.
Okay.
SW-0608 clear for landing pad 9.
Acknowledge, please.
SW-0608 proceeding to LP9 as instructed.
The main building down there,
what is it?
That's the Citadel Tower.
They keep all the Imperial structure archives in there.
If the plans are anywhere,
they'll be there.
The dish at the top?
What's it for?
I guess it takes a lot of signals
to send those data files out.
Landing track engaged
Landing track locked.
We're landing.
We're coming in!
Saw Gerrera used to say,
One fighter with a sharp stick
and nothing left to lose
can take the day.
They have no idea we're coming.
They have no reason to expect us.
If we can make it to the ground,
we'll take the next chance.
And the next.
On and on until we win...
or the chances are spent.
The Death Star plans are down there.
Cassian, Kay-Tu, and I will find them.
We'll find a way to find them.
Melshi, Pao, Baze, Chirrut,
you'll take main squad,
move east and get wide of the ship.
Find a position between here and the
tower.
Once you get to the best spot,
light the place up.
- Make ten men feel like a hundred.
- All right.
And get those troopers away from us.
What should I do?
Keep the engine running.
You're our only way out of here.
Cargo shuttle SW-0608,
be prepared to receive inspection team.
Ready?
Hello.
Hey, you're probably looking for a manifest
That would be helpful.
It's just down here.
Director Krennic, we are entering
the Scarif shield gate.
General Ramda has been informed
of your arrival.
Good luck, little sister.
Go!
Go now, you're clear!
All right, let's go.
Come on. Move, move, move.
I have a bad feeling about
- Kay!
- Quiet.
What?
We need a map.
Well, I'm sure there's one
just lying about.
You know what you have to do.
One per pad. Pick your spot.
We want to draw them out.
I'll call the timing.
Go!
Hey, did you hear the rumors?
Yeah, the T-15s have been
marked obsolete.
Oh boy, it's about time for that.
- Hey.
- Watch out.
What the...?
Director, what brings you to Scarif?
Galen Erso, I want every dispatch, every transmission
he has ever sent called up for inspection.
All of them?
Yes. All of them.
Get started.
Kay?
Our optimal route to the data vault
places only 89 stormtroopers in our path.
We will make it no more than 33%
of the way before we are killed.
Melshi,
talk to me.
Ready, ready.
Standing by.
Light it up.
Are we blind?
Deploy the garrison! Move!
Troopers!
Troopers.
Troopers on the left!
Sir? Scarif base,
they're reporting a rebel incursion.
I want to speak to Director Krennic.
He's there, sir.
On Scarif.
The original plans for this station
are kept there, are they not?
They are.
Prepare for the jump to hyperspace
and inform Lord Vader.
Can I help you?
That won't be necessary.
Senator!
Senator.
Stop right there, Private.
Let him speak.
Intercepted Imperial transmission, ma'am.
Rebels on Scarif.
I need to speak to Admiral Raddus
He's returned to his ship
He's gone to fight.
No!
Attention all flight personnel,
please report to your commanders immediately.
Attention all flight personnel,
please report to your commanders immediately.
We have been redirected to Scarif.
Pilots, you'll be briefed by
you squadron leaders on route.
May the Force be with you.
Scarif?
They're going to Scarif?
- Why does nobody ever tell me anything, Artoo?
- Yeah, nobody tells us anything.
Fall back!
Fall back!
Keep drawing them out!
- Go. Go.
- Move. Move.
Come on, move up!
Pad 12 report to ground.
Coming at our flank, we're outnumbered.
Pad 12 team, what's going on down there.
Status, please.
All Pads report in immediately.
Unknown, we have rebels everywhere.
We're taking fire, Pad 12, Pad 14
request assistance.
This is Pad 2, Pad 2.
I spot 40 rebels heading west on Pad 2.
Get on there, tell him
pinned down by rebels on Pad 5.
This is Pad 5, we're being overrun.
Help us!
Pad 12, Pad 10, Pad 8, please confirm.
Confirm and report.
Get reinforcements down to
Pad 5 immediately!
This is not working, Kay.
Right hand.
Baze!
- Baze!
- What?
Run!
Retreat.
Retreat!
This is Admiral Raddus of the Rebel Alliance.
All Squadron leaders report in.
Admiral, this is Blue Leader standing by.
This is Gold Leader, standing by.
This is Red Leader, standing by.
Sir, those are rebel ships.
Get Admiral Gorin, immediately.
Director, the rebel fleet,
it's amassing outside the shield.
Lock down the base.
Lock down.
- And close the shield?
- Do it!
Red and Gold squadron, attack formations.
Defend the fleet.
Blue squadron, get to the surface
before they closed that gate.
Copy, your Admiral.
Blue squadron, on me.
- Copy, Blue Leader.
- Copy, Blue Leader.
We won't have long.
Close the field.
Close it!
Come on, come on, come on!
Pull up!
- Rebel fleet has arrived.
- What?
There's fighting on the beach,
they've locked down the base,
- they've closed the shield gate.
- What does that mean?
We're trapped?
We could transmit the plans
to the rebel fleet.
We'd have to get a signal out
to tell them it's coming.
It's the size of the data files.
That's the problem.
They'll never get through.
Someone has to take
that shield gate down.
Bodhi.
Bodhi, can you hear me?
Bodhi, tell me you're out there.
Bodhi!
Hello, I'm here.
We're standing by.
They've started fighting,
the base is on lockdown!
I know, listen to me!
The rebel fleet is up there.
You've got to tell them to
blow a hole in the shield gate
so we can transmit the plans
Wait, I can't. I'm not hooked into
the comm tower. We're not tied in.
It's the only way
we're getting them out of here.
Find a way!
Cover our backs.
You'll need this.
You wanted one, right?
Your behavior, Jyn Erso, is continually unexpected.
Jyn.
Come on.
Fire on my command.
Look!
Get ready.
We're going to have to go out there.
What're you doing?
They closed the shield gate,
we're stuck here.
But, the rebel fleet is pulling in.
We just have to get a signal
strong enough to get through to them
and let them know
we're trapped down here.
For that, we have to connect to
the communications tower.
Now, I can patch us in over here,
the landing pad
but you have to get on the radio,
get one of the guys out there to find
a master switch.
Get them to activate the connection between
us and that comm tower. Okay.
Then go!
What's going on down there, Lieutenant?
Unknown, sir.
We can't raise them.
All rebel frequencies are blocked.
Keep trying. Engage those Star Destroyers
and let's start probing that shield.
Yes, sir.
We're going in.
Stay with me.
Schematics bank, Data tower two.
- How do I find that?
- Searching.
I can locate the tape, but you'll need
the handles for extraction.
What are we supposed to do with these?
Whoa.
- Well, finally.
- Wait, stop.
The rebels!
They wentover there.
Kay.
What's going on out there?
There's one.
Oh well.
Come on!
Red Leader, this is Gold Leader,
we're starting our attack run
on the shield gate.
Keep it tight and watch out
for those towers.
More fighters.
Form up, at 65.
Sir, enemy fighters coming in.
Melshi.
Melshi, come in, are you there?
Bodhi will send a signal from here.
He's patching us in.
But you guys have to
open up a line for the tower.
How?
Please advise.
There's a master switch to the base
of the Comm tower.
Master switch, describe,
what are we looking for?
What does it look like, the master switch?
Where is it?
Two wings, reinforce those troops
on the beach.
All fighters, on me.
We have to shield them from air attack.
Troop reinforcements.
Here we go.
- For Jedha!
- Jedha!
We have no effect on that shield.
How much more can that thing take?
Stick close, Red 5,
where are you going?
I'm trying to lose them.
This is Red 5, I need help!
Hyperspace Tracking,
Navigational Systems.
Two screens down.
Structural Engineering, open that one!
I got one on my tail.
I'm on it.
Project code names:
Stellarsphere. Mark Omega. Pax Aurora
War-Mantle. Cluster-Prism.
Black-Saber.
What?
Stardust.
That's it.
How do you know that?
I know because it's me.
Hey, you.
Identify yourself.
I can explain.
Incoming fire, take cover!
Kay, we need the file for Stardust!
Stardust.
That's it.
Kay.
Climb.
Climb.
You can still send the plans to the fleet.
If they open the shield gate,
you can broadcast from the tower!
- Locking the bolt door now.
- Kay.
Kay!
- Good bye.
- Kay!
Sir, unauthorized access at the data vault.
- What.
- It's just come in, sir.
Send my guard squadron into battle!
Two men with me now!
Get that beach under control!
Bodhi?
Are you there?
Have you got the switch?
I can't get to the shuttle,
I can't plug in!
You have to!
They have to hit that gate.
If the shield's open,
we can send the plans!
General, behind you!
Take them out.
Step back.
We're going down!
Come on!
Look out.
Melshi.
Melshi, come in please.
I'm tied in at my end,
I just need an open line.
Hang on.
The master switch,
it's over at that console.
I'm going!
I've got it.
Careful!
You okay?
Jyn!
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
Chirrut!
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force
and the Force is with me.
Chirrut, come back!
Yes!
Keep going.
Keep going!
Cassian.
Chirrut, come!
Come with me!
Chirrut!
Chirrut, don't go.
Don't go.
I'm here.
I'm here.
It's okay.
It's okay.
- Look for the Force,
- Chirrut.
and you will always find me.
The Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force.
The Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force.
The Force is with me.
and I'm one with the Force.
Deflector shield's down to 50%,
we're sustaining heavy damage.
There's no turning back now,
we have to press the attack.
Hit that opening.
We see it, Gold Leader.
Ion torpedoes away.
- What's happening?
- We've lost engine power, sir.
That Star Destroyer is disabled.
This is Rogue One, calling any
Alliance ships that can hear me!
Is there anybody up there? This is Rogue One!
Come in, over.
This is Admiral Raddus, Rogue One,
we hear you!
We have the plans!
They found the Death Star plans. They have
to transmit them from the communications tower!
You have to take down the shield gate.
It's the only way to going to get them through!
Call up a Hammerhead corvette.
I have an idea.
- Standby, Rogue One, we're on it.
- This is for you, Galen,
The Force is with me.
I'm one with the Force.
Corvette 5, locked on target.
Prepare for impact.
Sublight thrusters, full power!
Reset antenna alignment.
Reset antenna alignment.
Reset antenna alignment.
Reset antenna alignment.
Reverse engines, full power!
Antenna alignment.
Ready to transmit.
Who are you?
You know who I am.
I'm Jyn Erso.
Daughter of Galen and Lyra.
You've lost.
Oh, I have, have I?
My father's revenge.
He built a flaw in the Death Star.
He put a fuse in the
middle of your machine
and I've just told the
entire galaxy how to light it.
The shield is up, your signal
will never reach the rebel base.
All you ships in here
will be destroyed.
I lose nothing but time.
YOU on the other hand
die with the Rebellion.
Transmitting.
Transmitting.
Admiral, receiving transmission from Scarif.
Hey, leave it.
Leave it.
That's it.
That's it.
Let's go.
Transmission received.
Admiral, we have the plans!
She did it.
Do you think,
anybody is listening?
I do.
Someone's out there.
Sir, we're detecting a massive object
emerging from hyperspace.
Sir, shall I begin targeting their fleet?
Lord Vader will handle the fleet.
Target the base at Scarif.
Single reactor ignition
Yes, sir.
You may fire when ready.
Commence primary ignition.
Rogue One, may the Force be with you.
All ships, prepare for jump to hyperspace!
You father would have been
proud of you, Jyn.
The rebel flag ship is disabled, my lord,
but has received transmission
from the surface.
Prepare a boarding party.
Yes, my lord.
Hurry!
Let go!
We got to go now.
Hurry, let's go.
It's stuck.
Hey, help!
Open fire!
Help us!
It's jammed.
Push!
Here. Here.
Take it! Take it.
LAUNCH!
Make sure you secure the airlock.
And prepare the escape pods.
Your Highness.
The transmission we received.
What is it they've sent us?
