

Cecile: Initiating devicer setup.
Announcement: Confirming entry of devicer into Z-01. Individual ID registration confirmed. Confirm man-machine interface. Engage. Yggdrasil Resonance comfirmed. Rejection Responce, weak. Devicer's Stress Responce, weak. All readings, nominal...
Lloyd: So far, it's going per the data.
Announcement: ...status, all green. Status of back up tactical bank, authorized. Secondary confirmation, given.
Suzaku: Lancelot, activate ME-boost.
Cecile: Lancelot, launch!
Lloyd: HAHAHAHA! Running full throttle right out of the gate.
Suzaku: Cooler than the manual. With this...!Tamaki: Huh? What is that? It doesn't look like a Sutherland.
Lelouch: Hahaha... Another push and the check point will fall.
Resistance: This is B group, reporting enemy presence.
Lelouch: Hm? Reinforcements? Real battle is different, isn’t it? Status?
Resistance :Every one ejected, but they took out four units in nothing flat.
Lelouch: Enemy numbers?
Resistance: Just one. I think it’s a new model. I’ve never seen anything like it- Ah!
Lelouch: What’s happening out there?
Resistance: Bastard!
Lelouch: What? It reflects bullets?
Resistance: Arrh, what do we do? Ishida! Ah!
Lelouch: Useless so called terrorists. With all the resources they have, they're being beaten by one unit.
Resistance: Damn it!
Suzaku: Yes, I can do this. With Lancelot I can stop all this at once.
Lelouch: N4, N5, hold there. When the rear units arrive, surround that thing.
Resistance: Gotcha. We can't stop it!
Lelouch: N units, what is it? What happened? Something I didn't foresee?
Clovis: For heaven’s sake. Now I’ll owe my older brother a debt I don’t need to incur. It's for the best, though.
Ougi: Ah!
Lelouch: P1! Report! The enemy, can it really be only one unit?
Cecile: These readings are even higher than predicted.
Lloyd: It's because our pilot is taking his job very seriously.
Suzaku: If I can stop all the Knightmares, then this battle is over. No matter what it takes, I've gotta save Lelouch and that girl.
Lelouch: You mean this thing's what's ruining my plan?
Suzaku: Are you the guy that's in command?
Lelouch: Nothing more than a pilot. How dare he! No choice, I've gotta get out of here.
Kallen: Hey, I’m returning the favor. I can't--
Lelouch: I must remember that the most vital element in battle is the human one. That damn monster's unstoppable!
Suzaku: Bastard. He's tearing things up for no reason!
Woman: Eeeeeeeeek!

Lelouch: In the midst of battle he rescues someone? Hm, I concede you the tactical victory here. Nevertheless...
Lloyd: Huh? He saved someone?
Lab worker: Yes, so it would seem.
Lloyd: Hm... It's very strange of him.
Woman :Ah!
Cecile: Suzaku, are you tired? We'll call it quits for today.
Suzaku: No. I'm fine. Please let me keep going.

Lloyd: Be careful with his operational time!
Cecile: Yes, sir.
Lloyd: My, that boy's an excellent piece of equipment.
Soldier: Stop there, your ID. This is Prince Clovis’s personal transport.
Lelouch: At last, the check point. And barely guarded, per my plan.
Soldier: Your plan?
Lelouch: (activates Geass) That’s right. Now I'd like you to let me pass.
Soldier: Yes, sir. Understood.
Ougi: Kallen!
Man: It's your fault. This is what happened when you oppose the Britannians.
Tamaki: What!? Why you gutless coward?
Woman: How many people were killed because of this!?
Tamaki: Shut up! Do you know how many of us were killed or captured? Do ya? Quit crying.
Kallen: Ougi, who was that voice we heard?
Ougi: Damned if I know. He doesn't answer when I call so maybe he b--
Tamaki: There, you see! Instead of following somebody we don't even know, we should've use the poison gas.
Ougi: But he--
Tamaki: Damn Nagata to hell!
Soldier: So this is where you Eleven vermin scurried off to. Prepared to fire!
Kallen: Naoto!
Soldier: Commence--Clovis: Attention all forces. Cease fire at once.
Suzaku: Cease fire?
Clovis: I Clovis, third prince of Britannia and royal viceroy of Area Eleven, here by command you, all forces are ordered to cease fire at once. You also cease destruction of any buildings or property. All casualties, whether Britannian or Eleven, shall be treated equally and without prejudice. In the name of Clovis la Britannia, you are here by ordered, cease fire at once. I shall allow no further fighting.
Clovis: Are you satisfied?
Lelouch: Very. Well done.
Clovis: And what shall we do now? Sing a few lively ballads, or perhaps a nice game of chess?
Lelouch: That has a familiar ring.
Clovis: Hmm?
Lelouch: Don’t you recall? The two of us used to play chess together as boys. Of course, I would always win.
Clovis: What?
Lelouch: Remember? At the Aries Villa?
Clovis: You, who are you?
Lelouch: It’s been a long time, big brother. The eldest son of the late consort Marianne and seventeenth in line to the imperial throne, Lelouch vi Britannia, at your service.
Clovis: Lelouch?! B-But I thought--
Lelouch: That I was dead? You were wrong. I have returned, Your Highness. And I’ve come back to change 