
1 Contributoradultswim Lyrics
Adult Swim woke me up like a bump in the night
Can I sing a song for you all?
(Alright!)
Never lied
Watch my nose grow like Pinocchio's
Paradox, polaroid pictures, pure peridot
(There it goes)
123 on the stereo
(What's the scenario?)
RIP Phife live life
(Don't know where to go)
Bull in china shop
(This ain't my first rodeo)
My brand is getting hot
Tell every rapper tap into their natural vernacular
You might also likeAttitude is acting up
Ass, You, Me, a bachelor
Assume the position
She's written like Sakura
Anime rеference
Soshi i said it (yеah)
We made it like credit (yeah)
And homie I'm indebted (yeah)
Let me swipe the debit
Ain't nothing kid forget it (yeah)
That's how I wanna spend it
My friends never be friendless
As long as I'm living
That's what they can expect at least (delicious)
But that's just how it goes
Show up for the shows give the money to the bros
Order of the phoenix
From the ashes where we grow to the ashes where we left
We just came back home
Moonwalk on my own grave bad to the bone
Thriller with a new face
Attack of the clones
New laser
Smoking barrel, naked gun, brain bust aphasia
You remember when we used to dance to Asia?
Those were the days I done lost my way son
I can fill a page but my heart will remain numb
Thought
Won't retain much or produce flame such as this
All the same never change I'll remain dumb
Wasted away on the rise as I climbed up
Tasting the hate in their eyes with a tied tongue
If you want a god I surmise that you find one otherwise…
Signs realized by the blind won
Owl grandma dancing I don't give a hoot nanny
Romancing
Sweet symphony
Orchestral Iridescence ain't shit to 
1 ContributorThe Deserted Village LyricsSweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain
Where health and plenty cheared the labouring swain
Where smiling spring its earliest visit paid
And parting summer's lingering blooms delayed
Dear lovely bowers of innocence and ease
Seats of my youth, when every sport could please
How often have I loitered o’er thy green
Where humble happiness endеared each scenе!
How often have I paused on every charm
The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm
The never-failing brook, the busy mill
The decent church that topt the neighbouring hill
The hawthorn bush, with seats beneath the shade
For talking age and whispering lovers made!
How often have I blest the coming day
When toil remitting lent its turn to play
And all the village train, from labour free
Led up their sports beneath the spreading tree
While many a pastime circled in the shade
The young contending as the old surveyed;
And many a gambol frolicked o'er the ground
And slights of art and feats of strength went round;
And still as each repeated pleasure tired
Succeeding sports the mirthful band inspired;
The dancing pair that simply sought renown
By holding out to tire each other down;
The swain mistrustless of his smutted face
While secret laughter tittered round the place;
The bashful virgin's side-long looks of love
The matron’s glance that would those looks reprove!
These were thy charms, sweet village; sports like these
With sweet succession, taught even toil to please;
These round thy bowers their chearful influence shed
These were thy charms—But all these charms are fled
Sweet smiling village, loveliest of the lawn
Thy sports are fled, and all thy charms withdrawn;
Amidst thy bowers the tyrant's hand is seen
And desolation saddens all thy green:
One only master grasps the whole domain
And half a tillage stints thy smiling plain;
No more thy glassy brook reflects the day
But, choaked with sedges, works its weedy way;
Along thy glades, a solitary guest
The hollow-sounding bittern guards its nest;
Amidst thy desert walks the lapwing flies
And tires their echoes with unvaried cries
Sunk are thy bowers, in shapeless ruin all
And the long grass o'ertops the mouldering wall;
And, trembling, shrinking from the spoiler's hand
Far, far away, thy children leave the land
Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey
Where wealth accumulates, and men decay:
Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade;
A breath can make them, as a breath has made;
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride
When once destroyed, can never be supplied
A time there was, ere England's griefs began
When every rood of ground maintained its man;
For him light labour spread her wholesome store
Just gave what life required, but gave no more:
His best companions, innocence and health;
And his best riches, ignorance of wealth
But times are altered; trade's unfeeling train
Usurp the land and dispossess the swain;
Along the lawn, where scattered hamlets rose
Unwieldy wealth and cumbrous pomp repose;
And every want to oppulence allied
And every pang that folly pays to pride
Those gentle hours that plenty bade to bloom
Those calm desires that asked but little room
Those healthful sports that graced the peaceful scene
Lived in each look, and brightened all the green;
These, far departing seek a kinder shore
And rural mirth and manners are no more
Sweet Auburn! parent of the blissful hour
Thy glades forlorn confess the tyrant's power
Here as I take my solitary rounds
Amidst thy tangling walks, and ruined grounds
And, many a year elapsed, return to view
Where once the cottage stood, the hawthorn grew
Remembrance wakes with all her busy train
Swells at my breast, and turns the past to pain
In all my wanderings round this world of care
In all my griefs—and God has given my share—
I still had hopes, my latest hours to crown
Amidst these humble bowers to lay me down;
To husband out life’s taper at the close
And keep the flame from wasting by repose
I still had hopes, for pride attends us still
Amidst the swains to shew my book-learned skill
Around my fire an evening groupe to draw
And tell of all I felt, and all I saw;
And, as an hare whom hounds and horns pursue
Pants to the place from whence at first she flew
I still had hopes, my long vexations past
Here to return—and die at home at last
O blest retirement, friend to life’s decline
Retreats from care that never must be mine
How happy he who crowns, in shades like these
A youth of labour with an age of ease;
Who quits a world where strong temptations try
And, since 'tis hard to combat, learns to fly!
For him no wretches, born to work and weep
Explore the mine, or tempt the dangerous deep;
No surly porter stands in guilty state
To spurn imploring famine from the gate
But on he moves to meet his latter end
Angels around befriending virtue’s friend;
Bends to the grave with unperceived decay
While resignation gently slopes the way;
And, all his prospects brightening to the last
His Heaven commences ere the world be past!
Sweet was the sound, when oft at evening's close
Up yonder hill the village murmur rose;
There, as I past with careless steps and slow
The mingling notes came soften'd from below;
The swain responsive as the milk-maid sung
The sober herd that lowed to meet their young
The noisy geese that gabbled o'er the pool
The playful children just let loose from school
The watch-dog’s voice that bayed the whispering wind
And the loud laugh that spoke the vacant mind
These all in sweet confusion sought the shade
And filled each pause the nightingale had made
But now the sounds of population fail
No cheerful murmurs fluctuate in the gale
No busy steps the grass-grown foot-way tread
For all the bloomy flush of life is fled
All but yon widowed, solitary thing
That feebly bends beside the plashy spring;
She, wretched matron, forced in age, for bread
To strip the brook with mantling cresses spread
To pick her wintry faggot from the thorn
To seek her nightly shed, and weep till morn;
She only left of all the harmless train
The sad historian of the pensive plain
Near yonder copse, where once the garden smiled
And still where many a garden-flower grows wild;
There, where a few torn shrubs the place disclose
The village preacher's modest mansion rose
A man he was, to all the country dear
And passing rich with forty pounds a year;
Remote from towns he ran his godly race
Nor e'er had changed, nor wished to change his place;
Unpractised he to fawn, or seek for power
By doctrines fashioned to the varying hour;
Far other aims his heart had learned to prize
More skilled to raise the wretched than to rise
His house was known to all the vagrant train
He chid their wanderings but relieved their pain;
The long-remembered beggar was his guest
Whose beard descending swept his aged breast;
The ruined spendthrift, now no longer proud
Claim'd kindred there, and had his claims allowed;
The broken soldier, kindly bade to stay
Sate by his fire, and talked the night away;
Wept o'er his wounds, or, tales of sorrow done
Shouldered his crutch, and shewed how fields were won
Pleased with his guests, the good man learned to glow
And quite forgot their vices in their woe;
Careless their merits, or their faults to scan
His pity gave ere charity began
Thus to relieve the wretched was his pride
And even his failings leaned to Virtue's side;
But in his duty prompt at every call
He watched and wept, he prayed and felt, for all
And, as a bird each fond endearment tries
To tempt its new-fledged offspring to the skies;
He tried each art, reproved each dull delay
Allured to brighter worlds, and led the way
Beside the bed where parting life was layed
And sorrow, guilt, and pain, by turns, dismayed
The reverend champion stood. At his control
Despair and anguish fled the struggling soul;
Comfort came down the trembling wretch to raise
And his last faltering accents whispered praise
At church, with meek and unaffected grace
His looks adorned the venerable place;
Truth from his lips prevailed with double sway
And fools, who came to scoff, remained to pray
The service past, around the pious man
With steady zeal, each honest rustic ran;
Even children followed, with endearing wile
And plucked his gown, to share the good man's smile
His ready smile a parent's warmth exprest
Their welfare pleased him, and their cares distrest:
To them his heart, his love, his griefs were given
But all his serious thoughts had rest in Heaven
As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm
Tho' round its breast the rolling clouds are spread
Eternal sunshine settles on its head
Beside yon straggling fence that skirts the way
With blossomed furze unprofitably gay
There, in his noisy mansion, skill'd to rule
The village master taught his little school;
A man severe he was, and stern to view
I knew him well, and every truant knew;
Well had the boding tremblers learned to trace
The day's disasters in his morning face;
Full well they laughed, with counterfeited glee
At all his jokes, for many a joke had he:
Full well the busy whisper circling round
Conveyed the dismal tidings when he frowned;
Yet he was kind, or if severe in aught
The love he bore to learning was in fault;
The village all declared how much he knew;
'Twas certain he could write, and cypher too;
Lands he could measure, terms and tides presage
And ev'n the story ran that he could gauge
In arguing too, the parson owned his skill
For even tho' vanquished, he could argue still;
While words of learned length and thundering sound
Amazed the gazing rustics ranged around;
And still they gazed, and still the wonder grew
That one small head could carry all he knew
But past is all his fame. The very spot
Where many a time he triumphed, is forgot
Near yonder thorn, that lifts its head on high
Where once the sign-post caught the passing eye
Low lies that house where nut-brown draughts inspired
Where grey-beard mirth and smiling toil retired
Where village statesmen talked with looks profound
And news much older than their ale went round
Imagination fondly stoops to trace
The parlour splendours of that festive place;
The white-washed wall, the nicely sanded floor
The varnished clock that clicked behind the door;
The chest contrived a double debt to pay
A bed by night, a chest of drawers by day;
The pictures placed for ornament and use
The twelve good rules, the royal game of goose;
The hearth, except when winter chill'd the day
With aspen boughs, and flowers, and fennel gay;
While broken tea-cups, wisely kept for shew
Ranged o'er the chimney, glistened in a row
Vain transitory splendours! Could not all
Reprieve the tottering mansion from its fall!
Obscure it sinks, nor shall it more impart
An hour's importance to the poor man's heart;
Thither no more the peasant shall repair
To sweet oblivion of his daily care;
No more the farmer's news, the barber's tale
No more the woodman's ballad shall prevail;
No more the smith his dusky brow shall clear
Relax his ponderous strength, and lean to hear;
The host himself no longer shall be found
Careful to see the mantling bliss go round;
Nor the coy maid, half willing to be prest
Shall kiss the cup to pass it to the rest
Yes! let the rich deride, the proud disdain
These simple blessings of the lowly train;
To me more dear, congenial to my heart
One native charm, than all the gloss of art;
Spontaneous joys, where Nature has its play
The soul adopts, and owns their first-born sway;
Lightly they frolic o'er the vacant mind
Unenvied, unmolested, unconfined
But the long pomp, the midnight masquerade
With all the freaks of wanton wealth arrayed
In these, ere triflers half their wish obtain
The toiling pleasure sickens into pain;
And, even while fashion's brightest arts decoy
The heart distrusting asks, if this be joy
Ye friends to truth, ye statesmen who survey
The rich man's joys encrease, the poor's decay
'Tis yours to judge, how wide the limits stand
Between a splendid and a happy land
Proud swells the tide with loads of freighted ore
And shouting Folly hails them from her shore;
Hoards even beyond the miser's wish abound
And rich men flock from all the world around
Yet count our gains. This wealth is but a name
That leaves our useful products still the same
Not so the loss. The man of wealth and pride
Takes up a space that many poor supplied;
Space for his lake, his park's extended bounds
Space for his horses, equipage, and hounds:
The robe that wraps his limbs in silken sloth
Has robbed the neighbouring fields of half their growth;
His seat, where solitary sports are seen
Indignant spurns the cottage from the green:
Around the world each needful product flies
For all the luxuries the world supplies
While thus the land adorned for pleasure, all
In barren splendour feebly waits the fall
As some fair female unadorned and plain
Secure to please while youth confirms her reign
Slights every borrowed charm that dress supplies
Nor shares with art the triumph of her eyes
But when those charms are past, for charms are frail
When time advances, and when lovers fail
She then shines forth, solicitous to bless
In all the glaring impotence of dress
Thus fares the land, by luxury betrayed:
In nature's simplest charms at first arrayed;
But verging to decline, its splendours rise
Its vistas strike, its palaces surprize;
While, scourged by famine from the smiling land
The mournful peasant leads his humble band;
And while he sinks, without one arm to save
The country blooms—a garden, and a grave
Where then, ah where, shall poverty reside
To scape the pressure of contiguous pride?
If to some common's fenceless limits strayed
He drives his flock to pick the scanty blade
Those fenceless fields the sons of wealth divide
And ev'n the bare-worn common is denied
If to the city sped—What waits him there?
To see profusion that he must not share;
To see ten thousand baneful arts combined
To pamper luxury, and thin mankind;
To see those joys the sons of pleasure know
Extorted from his fellow-creature's woe
Here while the courtier glitters in brocade
There the pale artist plies the sickly trade;
Here while the proud their long-drawn pomps display
There the black gibbet glooms beside the way
The dome where Pleasure holds her midnight reign
Here, richly deckt, admits the gorgeous train;
Tumultuous grandeur crowds the blazing square
The rattling chariots clash, the torches glare
Sure scenes like these no troubles e'er annoy!
Sure these denote one universal joy!
Are these thy serious thoughts?—Ah, turn thine eyes
Where the poor houseless shivering female lies
She once, perhaps, in village plenty blest
Has wept at tales of innocence distrest;
Her modest looks the cottage might adorn
Sweet as the primrose peeps beneath the thorn:
Now lost to all; her friends, her virtue fled
Near her betrayer's door she lays her head
And, pinch'd with cold, and shrinking from the shower
With heavy heart deplores that luckless hour
When idly first, ambitious of the town
She left her wheel and robes of country brown
Do thine, sweet Auburn, thine, the loveliest train
Do thy fair tribes participate her pain?
Even now, perhaps, by cold and hunger led
At proud men's doors they ask a little bread!
Ah, no. To distant climes, a dreary scene
Where half the convex world intrudes between
Through torrid tracts with fainting steps they go
Where wild Altama murmurs to their woe
Far different there from all that charm'd before
The various terrors of that horrid shore;
Those blazing suns that dart a downward ray
And fiercely shed intolerable day;
Those matted woods where birds forget to sing
But silent bats in drowsy clusters cling;
Those poisonous fields with rank luxuriance crowned
Where the dark scorpion gathers death around;
Where at each step the stranger fears to wake
The rattling terrors of the vengeful snake;
Where crouching tigers wait their hapless prey
And savage men, more murderous still than they;
While oft in whirls the mad tornado flies
Mingling the ravaged landscape with the skies
Far different these from every former scene
The cooling brook, the grassy vested green
The breezy covert of the warbling grove
That only shelter'd thefts of harmless love
Good Heaven! what sorrows gloom'd that parting day
That called them from their native walks away;
When the poor exiles, every pleasure past
Hung round their bowers, and fondly looked their last
And took a long farewell, and wished in vain
For seats like these beyond the western main;
And shuddering still to face the distant deep
Returned and wept, and still returned to weep
The good old sire the first prepared to go
To new found worlds, and wept for others woe
But for himself, in conscious virtue brave
He only wished for worlds beyond the grave
His lovely daughter, lovelier in her tears
The fond companion of his helpless years
Silent went next, neglectful of her charms
And left a lover's for a father's arms
With louder plaints the mother spoke her woes
And blessed the cot where every pleasure rose;
And kist her thoughtless babes with many a tear
And claspt them close, in sorrow doubly dear;
Whilst her fond husband strove to lend relief
In all the silent manliness of grief
O luxury! thou curst by Heaven's decree
How ill exchanged are things like these for thee!
How do thy potions, with insidious joy
Diffuse their pleasures only to destroy!
Kingdoms, by thee, to sickly greatness grown
Boast of a florid vigour not their own;
At every draught more large and large they grow
A bloated mass of rank unwieldy woe;
Till sapped their strength, and every part unsound
Down, down they sink, and spread a ruin round
Even now the devastation is begun
And half the business of destruction done;
Even now, methinks, as pondering here I stand
I see the rural virtues leave the land:
Down where yon anchoring vessel spreads the sail
That idly waiting flaps with every gale
Downward they move, a melancholy band
Pass from the shore, and darken all the strand
Contented toil, and hospitable care
And kind connubial tenderness, are there;
And piety with wishes placed above
And steady loyalty, and faithful love
And thou, sweet Poetry, thou loveliest maid
Still first to fly where sensual joys invade;
Unfit in these degenerate times of shame
To catch the heart, or strike for honest fame;
Dear charming nymph, neglected and decried
My shame in crowds, my solitary pride;
Thou source of all my bliss, and all my woe
That found'st me poor at first, and keep'st me so;
Thou guide by which the nobler arts excell
Thou nurse of every virtue, fare thee well!
Farewell, and O where'er thy voice be tried
On Torno's cliffs, or Pambamarca's side
Whether were equinoctial fervours glow
Or winter wraps the polar world in snow
Still let thy voice, prevailing over time
Redress the rigours of the inclement clime;
Aid slighted truth with thy persuasive strain
Teach erring man to spurn the rage of gain;
Teach him, that states of native strength possest
Tho' very poor, may still be very blest;
That trade's proud empire hastes to swift decay
As ocean sweeps the labour'd mole away;
While self-dependent power can time defy
As rocks resist the billows and the skyYou might also 
1 ContributorA Huey Freeman Christmas LyricsEpisode no. – Season 1 Episode 7
Directed by – Seung Eun Kim
Written by – Aaron McGruder
Original air date – December 18, 2005
In the beginning of the episode, Jazmine has a dream where she is preaching in a… Read More 
He knows when you been sleeping!

All right. Amen.

He knows when you're awake!
He knows if you've been bad or good,
so be good for what;

Goodness sake.

Think about that.
Be good for goodness sake.

Yes.

Whose sake.

Goodness sake.
Speak, sister, speak!
It's time to take the ho's Out the music videos And put 'em in your mouth. Somebody say "ho, ho, ho.

"Ho, ho, ho!

Nowadays, people think "ho, ho, ho," means the Hilton sisters standing next to Nicole Richie.
Now, that ain't no "ho, ho, ho.
"Somebody give me the real "ho, ho, ho," out there.
Ho, ho, ho!

Praise Santa!

FedEx, UPS. They can ship the package. But wait a minute

Hold on!

I know a man with a different kind of guaranteed overnight delivery.
He's got his own overnight express.
Forget Airborne Express.
I'll take the reindeer express.
'Cause it's free shipping on Christmas Eve.
Somebody say
Ho, ho, ho!
(Singing)
Ho, ho, ho
Ho, ho, ho
Ho, ho, ho
Ho, ho, ho

Praise Santa.

Ladies and gentlemen, from the North Pole, may we present Santa Claus.

Merry Christmas, kids. Hi, everybody. Hi. Ho, ho, ho.

Santa!

What a jolly day.

I love you, Santa!
Hi, Santa!
Hey, Merry Christ-

Santa!

Yeah, I got your ass, Santa!
I'm comin' for that ass!
Punk yo ass!
Uh-oh.

He's killing him!

What the fuck
You all just gonna stand there and watch me get my ass kicked
Nobody had my back, huh
Nobody's got Santa's back
Ain't this a bitch.
That's fucked up with y'all.

Santa said the F-word!

Even Santa gets angry sometimes.

And the sixth day of Kwanzaa is...
Kuji- Ku- Uh, uh- Ku- Wow, this is really complicated.
The sixth day is Er, uh Kuumba.
Kuuuuumbaaaa.

Harold Kennedy Uberwitz was my history teacher.
He was culturally sensitive.

And on Kuumbay- Uh, Kuumba-
Uh, the elder-
Okay, that would be me.
-leads everyone in the Harambee salute.
And that goes like: Harambee!
Okay, great.
So who wants to join me in the Harambee salute
Anyone.. Huey
You sure.. It's Kwanzaa. Okay, no problem. Here we go.
Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee!

You want me to direct the Christmas play

Absolutely. I-I think you'll do a fantastic job.

First of all, I don't give a damn about Christmas.

You don't have to do a traditional Christmas play.
No, you can do whatever you want.

You'll be fired.

Fired
For what

For being an irresponsible white person.

I would really love to see your vision.

Vision
What do you know about my vision
My vision would turn your world upside-down, tear asunder your illusions, and send the sanctuary of your own ignorance crashing down around you.
Now, ask yourself: Are you really ready to see that vision

We'll give you complete creative control.

I want it in writing.

And suddenly, there was with the angel-
A multitude of the heavenly host, praising God, and saying, "Glory to God in the highest and on Earth, peace, goodwill toward men.
"And that's what Christmas is all about."

Mm-hm.
You hear that, boy
That's what Christmas is all about.

Actually, Granddad, Christmas is a pagan holiday.
And Jesus probably hates you for celebrating it.

There ain't gonna be no Scrooges in this house, boy!

Look, Granddad, it's clear from the scripture that Jesus was not born in winter.
The shepherds, who saw the angels announcing his birth, would not have been out in their fields in December.
The Palestinian winters are too cold.
If you believe in that sort of thing.
The truth is, Christmas evolved from the Roman holiday Saturnalia, a winter festival where men gave gifts to each other.
They also would get drunk, have sex with each other and beat their wives.
People would act so crazy on Christmas, the holiday was outlawed by the Protestant church until the 1800s.
As a matter of fact, the United States Congress ...
Granddad
Granddad!

I'm sorry, boy.
Wh-wh-what was that

I just explained the entire history of Christmas.

But it was booooring, Huey.
You just, "Blah, blah, gay sex.
Blah, blah, Congress.
"You know, you gotta be interesting.
You're gonna talk me to death.
Talk, talk, talk.

And that's when it hit me.
The world needed to see my vision.
But I needed to dress it up first.
It needed scale and drama and special effects.
What are you doing

I'm writing a letter to Santa.
"Dear Santa. You are a bitch nigga-"
Wait, wait, wait.
Hold up, hold up, hold up.
"Dear Santa. You are a bitch ass nigga.
I heard the mall is hiring extra security to protect you.
That's a bitch move, Santa.
I'm coming for that ass again until you pay what you owe.
"Sincerely yours, the Santa Stalker.

I think you should do a play about what Christmas is really about.
Christmas is about how Santa died for our gifts and rose from the dead and moved to the North Pole.
And because of that, every year, Santa comes down to forgive us our sins and give us eternal presents.

Man, Santa these nuts! Where was Santa when we was in the 'hood, huh
Santa ain't show a nigga no love back then.
I didn't ask for much.
Just rims.
Not even a whole car.
And what did we get
Nothin'.
That nigga gonna pay what he owe.

Merry Christmas, Mr. Uberwitz.
Are you here to see Mr.Freeman

Uh yeah.
One second.
Mr. Uberwitz is here.
Okay.
He's just finishing up another meeting.
You can have a seat in the hallway.
Can I get you anything. Some water

No, I'm fine. Thank you.
Huey

Oh, hey, Mr. Uberwitz.
This is Quincy Jones.
I've asked him to come in and co-produce.

How are you, man

I- I-I'm good.
How do-How do you know Huey

Oh, me and Huey go way back.
And by the way, I hope you're not gonna be getting strange with the change on the music budget.

Music budget?

What the-Hey!
Have y'all lost your damn minds
Opening night is less than two weeks away, and y'all wanna party

We're just having some fun.

Fun
Do I look like Charlie Brown

No.

Do I look like Charlie Brown
You know what
All y'all are fired!

What?
Fired?

Did I stutter
Beat it!

Huey
But I-it It's the entire cast.
Are you sure that's a good idea

Contract.

I'm sorry, guys.

I can't believe it.

Hey, don't be lookin' at me.

Don't look at Quincy Jones.
Quincy Jones ain't gonna help you.
Get your asses out.
Now!
Is there any money in the budget for a casting director

That's right, Bob.
A little bit of the Christmas spirit is returning to Woodcrest,
as Santa Claus makes his first appearance since being assaulted by the unknown,
but probably Arab, Santa Stalker, one week ago.

And you're gonna protect me, right

Now, don't you worry about a thing, Mr. Santa Claus, sir.
I got you covered.
Now, I know I'm a very large man, but I'm a picture of athleticism.

Well, hello there.
And what would you like Santa to bring you for Christmas

I want a Uh, Santa, you got a red dot on your head.

Nooooooooo!
Ow!
Goddamn!
That had to pierce a spleen or somethin'.
God! Medic! Medic!

Merry Christmas, nigga!

Aah!
Santa, why
You ruined my childhood!

You gonna pay what you owe, Santa!
You gonna pay what you owe!
Running like a bitch.

Backup.
I need backup.
I'm fat.
I can't run very fast.
I think I'm having a heart attack and a couple of light strokes.

Merry Christmas, nigga.
Damn.

Okay, now for the role of the third wise man, we have Mr. Fogelbury or Denzel Washington.

I say, Denzel.

Yeah, me too.
Okay, and for the role of Mary, we have third-grade science teacher, Mrs. Peterson or Angela Bassett.

Well, Mrs. Peterson gave a serious read.

Yeah, she sure did.

But I say, Angela Bassett.

Yeah, me too.

Guys, how do we afford. Denzel Washington and Angela Bassett

I don't know.
Have we gotten word yet on Will Smith's availability

W-whoa, whoa, whoa.
We can't afford Will Smith.

Damn the budget! What we're doing is more important than money.
We will change Christmas and elementary-school theater forever.

But we don't have the money.

Contract.

Oh, Huey.
You've got a lunch meeting at 11:30 about the sound effects for the dogfight sequence.

Cancel it.

The PTA is threatening a boycott of the play since you fired all the kids.

Don't care.

And the principal's in your office to talk about the script.

Who?

First of all, I just wanted you to know we're thrilled with the script.

Absolutely fantastic.
Brilliant.
Wouldn't change a thing.

We just had a couple of notes.

One or two.
Nothing significant.

Let's see, uh, there's a typo on page five.
Uh, there's a continuity problem on page 32.
I think that scene's supposed to be at night.
Um, let's see, um- Oh, yeah, um, and, uh Jesus can't be black.

What do you mean he can't be black

He can't be black.
Maybe we can make Jesus another color.

How 'bout white

But Jesus was black.

We could probably do Italian.

Jesus was Middle Eastern.
In addition to Arabs, the Middle East has always had many people of African descent,
whom you would consider black.

Sorry, can't do it.
*Huey Showing the Script*

Oh, right.That.
*Rips Contract*
Best of luck.

Break a leg.
I can't wait for opening night.

Riley!

Jazmine.

Riley, you came to see Santa.

Shh!

Ladies and gentlemen, from the North Pole, the reeeeal Santa Claus!

What the hell

Hey, there, pretty little white children.
Now, look at all them precious little vanilla-colored faces.

I heard this was the only guy they could find to do it.

Now, I know y'all think old Santa Claus look a little bit darker than he used to.
Ho, ho! But see, that's just 'cause Santa Claus got a little bit of re-vitiligo.
See, that's the opposite of what Michael Jackson got.
Don't worry, no Jesus juice up here.
Come on, let's get this show on the road.

That's not Santa!

Okay, who's first

That's not Santa.
It's an impostor! Beware of the false Santa!

Kids, kids, calm down.
Accompanying parents, calm down as well.
I am the real Santa Claus.
Ho, ho, ho.
Look at my belly shake.
The heartbreaker re-vitiligo is a very serious life-threatening condition.

Hey, I've been in show business a long time, Huey.
This kind of thing comes with the territory.
I know you'll do the right thing.

Huey, it could still be a great play.
We could cut a few scenes.
Make some changes to the script.
Huey.
We have to put something on.

Do what you have to do.
Just take my name off of it.
Won't be my vision.

Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's resolved.
We'll be ready to put the play on tomorrow.

Why doesn't the real Santa come'

Cause there ain't no real Santa.

We all want to believe in miracles on Christmas.
All of us.

No Santa Claus
Well, I'd expect a heathen nigglet like Riley to say something like that.
But, Jazmine, I'm surprised at you.
Being a mulatto and all, you've supposed to have more sense.

Huh

I'm Special Agent Ruckus.
Shh!
Volunteer Santa Security.
Santa has reason to believe that your little jungle friend Riley may be the Santa Stalker.

That makes perfect sense.

Mm-hm.
Santa couldn't come this year.
Just wasn't safe.
Maybe next year.

So he's real

Real as the Irish blood charging through my veins.

But Christmas miracles only happen in the lies adults tell to children.
And maybe in Christmas specials.

Mr. Uberwitz put on the play as scheduled.
Not a single word was changed.
And so, by some miracle, the world saw my vision that night.
The Adventures of Black Jesus received a 20-minute standing ovation.
It was called "a stunning revolution in theatre" by the Woodcrest Post Gazette.
Unfortunately, the PTA protest had gained some ground.
Seems that people didn't care about my vision.
They cared about seeing their kids on stage.
Who knew

Yay, Huey! Yay!

Mr. Uberwitz was fired for disobeying orders and for generally being an irresponsible white person.

Harambee! Harambee! Harambee! Harambee!

He would later become a professor of African American Studies at the University of Maryland.
No video exists of the one-time-only performance of The Adventures of Black Jesus.
Just as well.
I hate looking at my old work.

Ahhh!

I heard you work for Santa.
I got a message for him.
Tell him Riley said, I'll be waiting for his ass next Christmas.
And that nigga better pay what he owe!



Ayy, I was born by the river, heh, I been a swimmer
Cheffin' like I'm Ramsay, we cookin' these beats for dinner
Got my brothers, yeah, we might not be shooters, but we some killers
We the monsters, expectin' to dance? Well, this ain't Thrillеr
My faith is strong, what I go through, I was chastised
They hear mе rap and wonder when the Goku get baptized
We rockstars, I mean rockstars like Metallica
Been old-school in the game like Galaga
My circle's gettin' smaller, bro, these lames don't know me
I seen 'em heated when Benny gave me that flame emoji
If you go and mind your business, it'll get you far
When this go viral, catch me laughin' like Kendrick Lamar
Like, haha, joke's on you
High five, ha, your boy is still the truth
My destination's the Promised Land, I'm walkin' on the roof
And salvation won't cost you a dime, I'm livin' proof
You might also like
For the youth, I'ma be spittin' it like a missin' tooth
Surrounded by the army of God and I'm with the troops
Give salute, reverse all the curses that gets pollute
So I gotta take the gloves off every time I hit the booth, yeah
Satan playin' duck hunt and he tryna hit a goose
Got my best friend in bondage and we gotta get him loose
First, I called the name of Jesus, every demon gotta poof
When you ridin' with the truth, smack the lightning out of Zeus
Been a menace before I became a force in the crew
I was planted in the dirt first, of course, then I grew
Pain brought me to my purpose, I'ma walk in it too
The Lord continues to break all the chains the scorpion threw, ooh
I can hear the angels singin' melodies
Tellin' me that the Lord forgave me for my felonies
LSDs, I was sick 'cause of my sins
And my mama said, "Baby, pray and then fast, and it's home remedies"

My faith strong, so I ain't runnin' when calamity spews
Got all these brothers on one mic, yeah, this a family feud (Woo)
I set the bars up, Verizon cannot have peeped the horizon
This that God flow, no hidin', don't need to speak to Poseidon (Ah)
I talk my talk into this room, it's amazin' I'm on this stage
Of rappers that's heavy hitters, no need for a battin' cage
I say my grace before I eat, so I pray that this beat will nourish (Amen)
I grew up Atlanta Braves, so try me, you gon' need some courage, uh (Talk yo' talk)
I ain't wit' it if it ain't involvin' Elohim
Try Him and watch your life begin to sparkle like some Pellegrino (What else?)
I walk with God, so He empowers me to tell a thing
And ever since, I'm hittin' all my goals like I'm Ronaldinho (For real)
I saw Jesus and He plugged me in like USBs (He did)
Now I'm ballin' like I'm on my Fs at USC (Let 'em know)
But unlike Quincy, I ain't playin' for love
Want me to stoop down to they level, but I'm stayin' above, yeah
You must remember
The enemy has only images and illusions behind which he hides
With true motives, destroy the image
And you will break the enemy
Listen, look

Lord forgive me if I lack humility over the rap ability
I just remember the days when I didn't have validity
Please, don't let me forget, this ain't about clout or tryna amass amenities
It's funny, the money I drop out of drip could ruin the cash liquidity
Got that flow that people finna be bitin'
Just to utter Jesus' name leave the enemy frightened
Heathens recruitin' for self-love cults, but when I detect sins
Creep up on me like jaguars, I'm a Tennessee Titan
I'm that Nashville resident, Rapzilla freshman, every verse an act of aggression
Hope the devil finds my lines offensive like some passer protection
This a warnin', you better remain dormant
'Cause we warrin' with these demons like Ed and Lorraine Warren
Burn your idols, who you bow to? Let's compare royalty
My King make moves in the dimensions, only clairvoyancy
My Lord be walkin' on the water while you worship shiny things
But all the gold you wanna be draped in will impair buoyancy
Quick address to those who maybe ain't too fond of my rhetoric
Apologies, but the fact is that this genre competitive
So to any emcee actin' like you under the impression
That these rappers are your sons, I put the custody in question
But I must proceed to mention that this skill God-given
Yes, it's Him who endowed it, the size of one can move mountains
So I can't fathom what would happen if I just release objection
And my trust could be reflectin' of a mustard seed collection, oh, Lord
Ayy yo, these cypher bars, my metaphors punchin' Tyson hard
Like Jimi Hendrix sheddin' the Star-Spangled on a white guitar
Like me singin' "Let It Rain" by Eddie James while they face the storms
I stand in the middle of the block yellin' "Christ is Lord"
I paddle up streams while some of y'all be buyin' yours
Carbon copies, y'all ain't writin', y'all bitin' dogs
Norf Philly in the buildin', when it's time to put your muzzle on (Hoo)
Y'all chase the bag, I be right in my duffel ball
Tight game y'all playin', I don't get it like shuffleboard
We call a spade a spade, why y'all lookin' so puzzled for?
Lukewarm gospel gettin' squashed and stepped on
We bring fire of the Holy Ghost, the army gon' press on
War spirit, guillotine bars, I'm choppin' heads off
Rebukes in the name of Yeshua, demons get sent off
Devil smell me a mile away, I got that precious blood scent on
Body the flesh, homi' the beat, pay your respects, dawg
A sixteen or all better than a thirty-two
I cut funny, dudes got me in stitches, that's thirty to a cut
Low-key one of the sickest, I be hurlin' in the cut (Uh huh)
Wifey got the blicky and she always play the cut (Uh huh)
Tú sabes Prodi dando palo bien suave
We on the way, Cristo el capitán guía la nave
We ride the wave, como un tsunami en la calle
Aunque ando por zonas de muerte, brillo en el valle
El hijo

The "It" you refer to is a powerful weapon
Be nothing and you will have everything to give to 

Emotions can make or break you
So fashion them accordingly
In an age of ''mine'' success if extorted selfishly
''Malice and vanity wear the coat of philanthropy''
On waves of ambiguity, the darkness has been courting me
I yearn for truth amidst the cold sea of society
Little do we know, the truth is in our souls
You might also like
Back in the days, time never flew
Rainbows on pavements invoked thrills
I knew no limit up untill I grew
Under the wonderful grace into the older physical shape
An occult of adults confronted with hate
Running in place through procastrination
The Children of Zion who lost their imagination

Now I'm fervently searching my soul
For a cure to this mindless monotony that's left me so cold

An ocean of ice from tear drops
Enticing an erosion of light under strife 'till fear stops

Little did I know, my soul was crying for love

Surprised by the eyes above, disguised from lust
In the arise inside of a finer trust

Once a wise man said, '' To be great is to be misunderstood.''
So fashion your muse apart from false truths
No one can save you but yourself
Rely on your soul
Hang your demons on the shelf
You are in control

These motives of actions from impulsive reactions
Controlled by my focal abstractions
Imagine each of your eyes as Kaleidscopes
Now picture the design when you collide them both
Refracted by an emotional fabric, in the flow of a woven basket
That was sewn with a rope of madness from this grope for passion
Under oath 'till they close my casket
A soldier trapped in the enemies capture
Learning not to throw, but to bury the hatchet
For every asset, there's a handicap
You just need to seek the balance to steer your path
No matter... Circumstance of works demands
This Earth you stand and fight for your perfect plan
Cause even in life where you reach your goals
You'll never know its true peak 'till you release your soul
Emotions can make or break you
So fashion them accordingly
In an age of ''mine'' success if extorted selfishly
''Malice and vanity wear the coat of philanthropy''
On waves of ambiguity, the darkness has been courting me
I yearn for truth amidst the cold sea of society
Little do we know, the truth is in our 

Chapter 1: He's the author of my life
Chapter 2: Sin is causing me to die
Chapter 3: He loves me and I...
Really don't know why
Chapter 4: The devil only wants to see me cry
Chapter 5: I'm a child of light
So I'll smile and fight back fright
Because I'm so bright in God's sight
In Chapter 6 I'm faced with trials and tribulations
But in Chapter 7, there will be a celebration

Too many missed calls
I won't
Listen when the phone rings
I don't
Change with an attitude
Like this
Swing batter, batter swing
And a miss
Listing my flaws
Will not help me at all
When I'm stressed and I stall
When it's best to seek God
But I...
Understand the proper procedures
How could you hope to be a student
While neglecting the teacher
I need to seek a proof reader
Believed to be a better course of action
To coarse to fashion into styles
That can retort with passion
Awaken my love
The stakes are too high
You've been
Sleepin' too long leaving your faith out to dry
How do you think you could see eye to eye
With that which is lost
Do ya'll need a confidence in he who costly
Sought me and bought me
Now check it
What's a book without some characters that captivate
It's better to succeed if you achieve instead of snatching plates
We all can get a meal
But that can mean one of two
Release the seal
To seek some thrills
It feel to be seepin' through
But is it worth it
Not every story has a happy finale
You take too many turns
And end up gettin' trapped in an alley
Of course when you resort to veering away fro the plot
The readers may not be too happy with the play that they got
Lazily jot
Criticism is welcome when it's constructive
But if you take too much then it may lead to an eruption
And eruptions ought to be expected
But never neglect the fact
That there's one novelist
Not fit for us as novices

Chapter 1: He's the author of my life
Chapter 2: Sin is causing me to die
Chapter 3: He loves me and I...
Really don't know why
Chapter 4: The devil only wants to see me cry
Chapter 5: I'm a child of light
So I'll smile and fight back fright
Because I'm so bright in God's sight
In Chapter 6 I'm faced with trials and tribulations
But in Chapter 7, there will be a celebration

I'm back on the black top
I snap if the tracks hot
Not a Mac I'm a PC, man
A laptop
But not a PC man
I try to keep peace
Like the peace that my Dad's got
But I'm not just a mascot
Frequently, I want to get on the Mic
And just scream like a caps lock
Catch me on the street with my mask off
Psyche, I'll keep my mask on
I am not trying making light of this thing
About a month I had a
Bad cough
Thought that I had COVID-19
Had some people angry at me
Said they hoped it might be
But I have hope in my King
So the moment that I lean on him
He opens up my eyes
To the scope of my dreams
I'm soaking up his wisdom
I'm not righteous, robed in his and
I just hope that you would listen
'cause my story isn't over I'm a Christian
That has gone from smoking weed and popping pills
To sober livin'
I'm so forgiven
The fact that I can still have drinks on occasion
Is not indicative of my weakness
Just an indication of how
He is so amazin'
He freed me from my cage
And all the demons were enraged
Cause they were afraid that I would longer be their little slave
Uh
Duh, of course
That's the reason I was saved
I believe him, I have seen his power first hand and
I am floored
I got reason to be dismayed
He restores
He even plucked Jesus from the grave
Therefore I'll rock this, man I got this
It's prophecy when I drop this
That's the dog in me that's fighting
Got God with me in the cock pit
A novice, I'm not polished
I'm flawed but at least I'm honest
I got problems I can't solve them
Right now, I'm jobless
Just got diagnosed with calcific tendinitis
But I still got my right hand to type with
Man, you don't know how hurt my left arm is
But I know the story ends
Glory be to God
May his people prosper
I just pray for ones out there
Who are not sure
About the author
Just
Consider his love
We must
Get rid of this grudge
The whole world is sick
The lies are laid on thick with
Unlimited sludge
What covers that
Christ's literal blood
He's coming back
Practice now living in the kingdom
Make an agreement to meet him
Half way greet him and then give him a 

Just got a call from a big dawg and he said, "3, you got this shit on lock" (On lock)
But I got niggas gone for murder, I can hear 'em now
Like Thrillers, hit the block, let down the top so they can see my watch (Right now?)
But we just caught one of the opps and left 'em on the ground
Put 'em all up in the sky, won't get your friend back (Your friend back)
For the one who seen that, tell 'em that I meant that (I meant that)
Heard they put money on my head, I got the drop, so look, they scared now
Tell 'em hide when I'm outside, I make them bitches put they head down
My soul's so cold, yeah
I see dead bodies of my opps whenever I'm sleep, I got my head back
On the road all alone, yeah (They mad)
She only fuck me 'cause I'm up, don't say you love me, ho, just lay it down
Why this love don' seem to be
What you told me it would be?
I know I act hard sometimes (I know, yeah)
I put my pride to the side, 'cause, look, it hurt when you changed on me (Changed on me)

Yeah, all I know (I know)
I wanna be right when I know I'm wrong (I'm wrong)
The love I got for you, I hope the pain don't show (Don't show)
And even when it rain, you be the one I want (Yeah-yeah, yeah)
And all I wanna know from you, yeah (Oh, yeah)
Is would you ride for me? (Yeah) Bust that fire for me? (That fire)
If I ask you for the truth, would you lie to me? (You lie)
You— You— You— You on side of me (On side), that's how it's gotta be (Gang)
You might also like
For my brothers, yeah (HSM)
For my brothers in the gang, know I won't change on them (I won't)
BG4L, I'll drop that bag, gon' put them chains on them (They froze)
In the name of Bubba, this gorilla, got his name on me (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
They don't feel the way I feel, yeah (They don't feel the way I feel, yeah)
219, I know you smilin' down on me (On me)
I don't care 'bout what they say 'bout me, 'cause this shit here get deep (Oh, it get deep)
'Cause me and you and God know what I did in these streets (Yeah)
I'ma take it to the grave (Take it to the grave)
'Til I see you again my friend
I'ma tell you about the gangster shit and what the gang did (What?)
And I'ma tell you about the time that we spinned on all of them (Baow), why (Baow)
Need all the passion when I'm laughin', it's a must
'Cause I got pain on my body, I don't wanna hurt nobody, yeah
Jump out in traffic, 'bout that action, I'ma bust
Another body on my chopper, look, I'm sorry, I need love, yeah

Yeah, all I know (I know)
I wanna be right when I know I'm wrong (I'm wrong)
The love I got for you, I hope the pain don't show (Don't show)
And even when it rain, you be the one I want (Yeah-yeah, yeah)
And all I wanna know from you, yeah (Oh, yeah)
Is would you ride for me? (Yeah) Bust that fire for me? (That fire)
If I ask you for the truth, would you lie to me? (You lie)
You— You— You— You on side of me (On side), that's how it's gotta be (

Finessing the plug with accuracy, now he after me
Got 100 Ps in the Sprinter, nigga no athlete
And I got that chicken, no Mrs. Winner's
Meet the plug at the KFC and I finesse his ass after dinner
Call me Quavo the Godzilla
Red Bentley, Forgiatos on it, call it thriller
Diamonds thrill her in Manila
Fuck her from the back, I’m facing a pillar
You pull up with choppers but are you a killer?
Mirror mirror, got a riddle for you fuck niggas
What if you get in a pickle?
If you catch a body, would you tell on your peer?
If you hold it down, keep it 100, you real
Samurai sword cut the brick, Kill Bill
I trap out the mansion on Beverly Hill
RIP to Uncle Phil, Fresh Prince, call me Quavo Will
I know that this money a blessing
I’m thanking the Lord when I kneel
We the only niggas in the city having seals
Naw, for real!
You might also like
I took his bitch, he mad at me
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
I took the plug’s package
He was like, "What happened?"
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
Scooby-Doo, it was a mystery
Touchdown, going down in history
Sorry you missed me, call Scooby-Doo, it’s a mystery
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s magically
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s magically

Feeling like Marshawn Lynch in the interview, I’m thankful
Walk in the room with these trophies on my neck like you in a banquet
You acting like you really tough but you soft in the heart, you a diamond
Young nigga hopped off the porch, I was anxious
Just a young nigga old niggas embraced
Juug and finesse a nigga on my faith
Keep a little grip on my pistol, say my grace
We in the jungle, my niggas go ape
Whipping the dummy, this what I create
I fuck your bitch while you take her on dates
Nobody know I smash her on my lake
Talking fast to the plug, juuged him for 8
Stacking bricks, LA Clippers, call me Blake
Thanking the lord for my situation
Used to have bricks on the intersection
Sipping Act, daily medication
Who really real in investigations
You gonna tell, because what you facing
He got out of jail and they couldn’t trace it
It’s a mystery, can’t even solve the case
Don’t be that nigga, put on a plate
I took his bitch, he mad at me
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
I took the plug’s package
He was like, "What happened?"
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
Scooby-Doo, it was a mystery
Touchdown, going down in history
Sorry you missed me, call Scooby-Doo, it’s a mystery
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s magically
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s magically

Finesse him with accuracy
Running with the work, police tryna tackle me
Short days, long nights, trapping at the Quality Control factory
Abracadabra, work disappear magically
I’m in the kitchen whipping, it’s a tragedy
Whipping the masterpiece, then I go smoke on my balcony
My niggas and family count on me
Trapping that snow white in that van, they calling me ice cream man
I see trash bags but no trash, nigga I’m the trash bag man
I see red and white blue lights, undercover lurking in the sedan
Start with a cutie, break it down
Bag it up, wrap it up, that was the plan
Now I’m pitching soft and curveballs
Or I can pitch it to you underhand
Remember trapping out of Camrys
Until we won Grammys
Now you niggas cannot step on my property or my grass, feel like I’m Stanley
I took his bitch, he mad at me
Fuck em fuck em, pull up on him in the alley
I took his bitch, he mad at me
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
I took the plug’s package
He was like, "What happened?"
It was a mystery, Scooby-Doo and Shaggy
Scooby-Doo, it was a mystery
Touchdown, going down in history
Sorry you missed me, call Scooby-Doo, it’s a mystery
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s magically
Finessing with accuracy, abracadabra, it’s 