

Geechi

Geechi said something like that?
'Kay y'all got me
I just figured if I'm Da Don, he screamin' "Mafia" , basically you owe it to John, Gotti
Aye, ah fa, ma na, ya ga, bye bye
Never know what this man sayin'
I guess it only land for the field niggas like plantations
But I don't wanna keep the fans waitin'
I said, "If I fire my .9 y'all die, BAOW BAOW!" Here go ya translation!
Classic? Man, I made ya dinner
Watch me style on Red, I make the target low, go, then get a round on Red
These leagues don't book you for the crowds nor bread
Businessmen don't like owin' shit, that's why nobody'll count on Red
Aye, is this the league that Matt adore (matador)?
Y'all couldn't pitch him these cards
Y'all put Red in front of a Bull, knowin' there's a race you'll get charged
This man pen'? San Quin', the most vicious of bars
But I can tell you why you'll never be considered a star
What's an O-Red moment?
...Exactly, you're so forgettable
And what I write will get Red easy, that makes it legible
No strong pops, fast run, women reach, heard what I said to you?
In addition he's not that fire, baby how Incredible?
You wasn't even a challenger, 'til Champion put you on that pedestal
But ever since you wore that hoodie dress vs Ave, I sent a pray above to check for you
Your stock plummet, so stop frontin' like it ain't upsettin' you
But I guess you gotta act like everything's all right there's nothin' left for you
I should flag ya IG cause ya image is unacceptable
And you look like ya stylist did the Bird Box Challenge when she was dressin' you
Any bitch that would have sex with you, I bet nothin' below their neck can move
That's why I brought Nina, to make O, and she can turn Red vegetable
Security!
That's what you mean you got work, Aak?
You'll never get this high earned stock bein' a part time church cop
You think you equal up to my worth? Stop
I mean you prolly could be rich, if you picked up every dime Surf dropped
It makes sense, screamin' "Jersey" when you stoppin' ya rhyme
From you bitchin', Tsu snitchin', all you niggas got a problem with time
But it's fine, y'all got a cool startin' five
Just need a better bench
Ain't it funny he heard, "Ain't no cryin' in the URL", and been droppin' tiers (tears) ever since
There's Arsonal, Shotgun, Twork, Surf, Serius Jones and then you
But if I go in this arsenal and get this shotgun to work and then get serious Jones and then sue
Once you Jersey battlers get ID'd (Ah Di) Boom
The fo' fo' go, but you'll need more than ya Lady Luck if I catch O-Solo
You know O? You should be a part of my league
Cause I can really help you become the biggest star you can be
Look at Loso, Bad Newz, Clone, free Clone, let's just start with those three
Yeah they've been on other platforms but let's agree they've gotten farther with me
How 'bout joinin' a crew? I'm just thinkin' of a marketin' scheme
Cause how you gon' put Jersey on if you not part of a team?
They say the Crips run battle rap, right?
They owned every card so it seems
That most his (Moses) staff, shouldn't Red take part in (parting) the C's (seas)?
Freddy Kruger glove couldn't get this sharp in his dreams
You don't wanna lose one of ya sons (SONS) don't get Heartless with me
Chest shot, I'll make him really wear his heart on his sleeve
Ya .9 showin'? Mine blowin' like it's hard to believe
Hold on
{Fake chokes}
Aight y'all I got it, I apologize for the sloppy cadence
But y'all know damn well I wasn't chokin', y'all just ain't peep the body language
I did this, this, this then this, you needed more said?
Well see what happens next (necks) is I'm grippin' arms and aimin' for heads (foreheads)
This boy dead!
I'm only here cause- nah, cause this was an order from Smack
Soon as Surf feel like battlin' again, they not callin' you back
King of the small room, right? It's perfect that they call you that
Cause you goin' in a box, the room don't get no smaller than that!
Round 2 man

You run wit' Christians and Bow Wow, somethin' ain't addin' up
Four Horsemen, Shad Moss, I count at least seven faggots bruh
You said I should join ya squad? Why?
Your league? The Bullpen shit? For what?
They remind me of the '05 Marlins when tragedy struck
Cause if a nigga on the Don trail (Dontrelle) will this Bullpen back him up?
I doubt it, I'm sure Loso know, I'm a Ruger sparker
John artists (Artis) can get bagged wit' 'em; Rubin Carter
Tell this faggot chill, I clap the steel he pushin' daffodils
You get the shot right after John pass, you Bradley 
When I'm shootin', God better lift your soul off of Mother Earth
Silencer, you won't here shit when I let a couple burst
Christ himself couldn't save ya from this muzzle work
He intervene I pop Jesus; Jake Shuttlesworth
Forgive me Lord that line outta line, back to this fuckin' jerk
I got the sweetest girl, she ready to pop, get to singin' like Lauryn Hill, if you 'Ready Or Not'
For a few G's (Fugees), you get pistol whipped with my TEC-9, split ya shit
Your bottom lip will get the Wyclef, John
It's no reason to call '911', do not bother cock rider
Get smacked with the five like a fly swatter
I'm a rottweiler, beam on top when the gwap holla
A top shotta, the original Don Dada
Close range, let that shit bang in his chin
{Fake chokes}
I know y'all don't think I'm chokin'
That was my way of sayin' when I aimed at his chin
Close range, BLAOW! He'll never body language again
Yo, but what the fuck you just say?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, whatchu just say, the whole shit about, oh, you feel like, uh, muhfuckin', you John and Gotti?
That what you just said? You find you John Gotti?
You'll never be John Gotti, you the type to fuck up a classic, you Rob Zombie
He escaped that Rum savage
But all of this dick suckin' tryin' to get Surf to battle you, not at all, son average
Just face it, givin' Tsu J is "just" backwards
You  J "just" backwards? Pump action
Got all kinda kicks like a punt package
Run faggot, you get held down when I lift the weapon
If the first meal don't fill him up, I give him seconds
Get an entry wound and an exit wound from the Smith & Wesson
I'll turn that multiple choice into an open ended question
I body shit, close range, for real
I got that .9 palmed on me
Uh huh, you'll do this shit like your Rum Nitty battle
Y'all don't get it?
That mean I'm givin' the shirt off John John for you
He'll literally go from John John Da Don to 'Living On A Prayer'
Jon Bon Jovi
Look at him, he know he gettin' murked
There was no other option, I had to throw him in the dirt
Tonight I can admit, you wasn't murder in the first
But that murder in the third will lead to the same hearse
Ya heard me?
Jersey

Now I know to be in my position is tough to get to
But to take the disrespect I've been givin', disrupts the mental
You see there's more on my agenda than winnin' and punchin' witchu
So if you don't mind, I need some time to address a couple issues
Before Spit Dat Heat there was Grind Time George, no shade, I'm just statin' facts
Laid the foundation for Atlanta battle rap
And guess what? I was the face of that
Made my way to Smack, Grind Time collapsed, shit gets real now bro
If I never moved to the south and Spit Dat Heat, for real you might've never seen me Miltown Bloe (blow)
John John Da Don vs T-Top, to this day, the most views on that platform
It ain't my fault niggas came to Bullpen cause they got tired of gettin' back doored
So when you say we stole all their talent, you must be bored bored
Cause how I take from a league, I literally open and closed the door for?
Bullpen over bullshit, you know what that's for?
You see Bullpen, that's the south's #1 battle rap platform
And the bullshit? Payin' Norbes to host ya event but he chillin' on the back porch
And y'all wonder why the GZ process is such a crash course
Chef Trez!
Where he at?
Can't believe you be talkin' all this shit you do
When you asked around to come to Bullpen? I never sent for you
Still have you Syah, DNA, Bad Newz, them fights was big for you
And you ain't even have to travel, the move was pivotal
But here we are, and let me guess, you leave that match
Just admit, I played a big part where he's at, facts
I invested so I need that back
You let him bite the hand that'll- wait, I thought you couldn't eat that Smack
And now the bloggers wanna say I robbed the culture? So I'ma dumb out
All because I did one event and didn't tell 'em it was one round?
Well gather 'round cause the solution to the problem has been found
Y'all wanted three rounds, {pop pop, pop} you happy now?
I was the one that risked my rep
Goin' to URL to 106, so I was the one that showed BET Network that real battle rap does exist
How you think Smack got UFF? That birthed some of the best talents we got
So without me there may be no Ill Will, no Brizz, no T-Top
No Chess, Xcel, no Saga, no Dot and off the top
No Prep like a battle that's on the spot
And I introduced Jermaine Dupri to this shit, on my dime!
So if I brought battle rap to rap game, shouldn't this culture owe me for a lifetime
But this the type of thanks I get?
I'm pissed, you my son, I'm the reason you here, thank my dick
Sorry, all your other siblings got swallowed, thank my bitch
If I gotta die to put Tsu aside (suicide) I'll take my risk (wrist)
You ready O? One false move and the Dessy blow
And when it rain, noodles and red sauce, uh oh you Spaghetti O
Just let me know, is this the type of smoke you prepared for?
Cause I have his baby mother drop her son off a plane, now that lil' nigga airborne
Yeah you was there, when Hollow nigga's tried to jump me
Should've been dead then, but I'll wait 'til his cousins wit' him then I'm washing ten or Red's kin
Wait, Cousins? Washington? Redskin? Yeah that ain't take no hard thought
That's why your career's all backward now, cause all you bring is sports bar to this bar sport
You lost your voice at Summer Madness for real? Who would've thought?
Ain't it funny how Mr. R(Ed) went horse and couldn't talk?
They gave him Halls, coffee, tea, ginger and oil
You still couldn't finish ya round, right?
BAOW! I'll finish it for you!
Nigga you spoiled
As you can see I came for a fight
Cause you way too dark for me to be takin' you light
Please don't say the John if you ain't sayin' it twice
And if you don't add Da Don you ain't sayin' it right
Just came to talk 