

People killin', people dyin'
Children hurt, and you hear them cryin'
Can you practice what you preach?
And would you turn the other cheek?
Father, father, father, help us
Send some guidance from above
'Cause people got me, got me questioning
Where is the love?
You might also like
(Love) Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love, the love, the love?

It just ain't the same, old ways have changed
New days are strange, is the world insane?
If love and peace is so strong
Why are there pieces of love that don't belong?
Nations droppin' bombs
Chemical gases filling lungs of little ones
With ongoing sufferin' as the youth die young
So ask yourself, is the lovin' really gone?
So I can ask myself, really, what is going wrong
With this world that we livin' in? People keep on givin' in
Makin' wrong decisions, only visions of them dividends
Not respectin' each other, deny thy brother
A war is goin' on, but the reason's undercover
The truth is kept secret, and swept under the rug
If you never know truth, then you never know love
Where's the love, y'all? Come on (I don't know)
And where's the truth, y'all? Come on (I don't know)
And where's the love y'all?

People killin', people dyin'
Children hurt, and you hear them cryin'
Can you practice what you preach?
And would you turn the other cheek?
Father, father, father, help us
Send some guidance from above
'Cause people got me, got me questioning
Where is the love?
(Love) Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love?
(Love) Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love? (The love)
Where is the love, the love, the love?

I feel the weight of the world on my shoulder
As I'm gettin' older, y'all people gets colder
Most of us only care about money-makin'
Selfishness got us followin' the wrong direction
Wrong information always shown by the media
Negative images is the main criteria
Infecting the young minds faster than bacteria
Kids wanna act like what they see in the cinema
Yo, whatever happened to the values of humanity? (Yeah)
Whatever happened to the fairness and equality? (Yeah)
Instead of spreading love, we spreading animosity (Yeah)
Lack of understanding leading us away from unity
That's the reason why sometimes I'm feelin' under
That's the reason why sometimes I'm feelin' down
It's no wonder why sometimes I'm feelin' under
Gotta keep my faith alive 'til love is found
Now ask yourself
Where is the love?
Where is the love?
Where is the love?
Where is the love?

Father, father, father, help us
Send some guidance from above
'Cause people got me, got me questioning
Where is the love?

Now sing with me, y'all (One world, one world)
We only got (One world, one world)
That's all we got (One world, one world)
And something's wrong with it (Yeah)
Something's wrong with it (Yeah)
Something's wrong with the w-world, world, yeah
We only got (One world, one world)
That's all we got (One world, one 

I had the time of my life
And I've never felt this way before
And I swear, this is true
And I owe it all to you
Oh, I had the time of my life
And I've never felt this way before
And I swear, this is true
And I owe it all to you-you

You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
You-you-you-you-you-you-you-you
Ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou

Dirty bit
Dirty bit

I-I came up in here to rock, light a fire, make it hot
I don't wanna take no pictures, I just wanna take some shots
So come on, let's go, let's lose control
Let's do it all night 'til we can't do it no more
People rockin' to the sound, turn it up and watch it pound
We gon' rock it to the top until the roof come burnin' down
Yeah, it's hot in here, the temperature
Has got these ladies gettin' freakier
You might also like
I got freaky, freaky, baby, I was chillin' with my ladies
I didn't come to get bougie, I came here to get crazy
I was born to get wild, that's my style
If you didn't know that, well, baby, now you know now

'Cause I'm havin'
A good time with you, I'm tellin' you

I had the time of my life
And I've never felt this way before
And I swear, this is true
And I owe it all to you
Oh, I had the time of my life
And I've never felt this way before
And I swear, this is true
And I owe it all to you-you

You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
You-you-you-you-you-you-you-you
Ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou-ou

Dirty bit
Dirty bit
All-All these girls, they like my swagger, they callin' me Mick Jagger
I be rollin' like a Stone, jet-setter, jet-lagger
We ain't messin' with no maggots, messin' with the baddest
Chicks in the club, honey, what's up?
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the baddest of them all?
Yeah, it's gotta be the apl, I'm the mack daddy, y'all
Haters better step back, ladies, download your app
I'm the party application, rockin' just like that

This is international
Big mega radio smasher

'Cause I'm havin'
A good time with you, I'm tellin' you

I-I-I-I had the time of my li-i-i—
And I've never felt this way before-fore
And I swear-wear, this is tru-u-u-ue
And I owe it all to you-ou
Oh, I-I-I-I had the time of my li-i-i—
And I've never felt this way before-fore
And I swear-wear, this is tru-u-u-u-ue
And I owe it all to you
I-I-I-I had the time of my li-i-i—
And I've never felt this way before-fore
And I swear-wear, this is tru-u-u-ue
And I owe it all to you-ou
Oh, I-I-I-I had the time of my li-i-i—
And I've never felt this way before-fore
And I swear-wear, this is tru-u-u-u-ue
And I owe it all to you
Dirty bit

Welcome, this is The Beginning
For every ending is mega starter
When they bring the dark, we bring the light
Let's 
1 ContributorWaititi LyricsChorus
I don't get breaks, I just make time
I don't get awards, I get deadlines
Toke another pound, got a head high
Never get caught, never get fined
Livin' on the low, call me Loki
Brother like Thor, Waititi
She never loved me like Kiki
Make sure she don't forget how she did me
Verse 1
Never make a scene, this ain't a movie
You may be living large, but your rep is amusing
Surrounded by the people who you think are your posse
Just to realise that they fake and they flaunting
Bounce out this joint to the next one
Keep it going hard in the moment
If it makes sense, it's an omen
All white drip to the church in the morning
Pray to the Lord we get it right this time
Another chance at life, we don't get rewinds
Take a step back if you want to find
Another outlook to the past behind
Lookin' so good now, only hear the whispers
Did he have something done ov'r the past weekend?
This here's all natural, nothing is fake
You can't relate 'cause the hate's all you make
You might also likeChorus
I don't get breaks, I just make time
I don't get awards, I get deadlines
Toke another pound, got a head high
Never get caught, never get fined
Livin' on the low, call me Loki
Brother like Thor, Waititi
She never loved me like Kiki
Make sure she don't forget how she did me
Verse 2
I am on another level
My feet firmly on the ground though
Wake up early every morning
To live the life my dreams are
Out of all this commotion we gon' be better off on our own
Just 'cause this world was built to be owned or to be slaved off
Grab the whips from the guards
How the tables have turned for the opps
Cause the dealer and his cards
Have cheated their way just by being at large
Masks off, Rey Mysterio
Pump it louder, on the stereo
Black eyed peas, find the peace, cause hysteria
At this point, we ain't close and it's critical
Clever with the bars, call me nifty
Racking up the hits, get shwifty
I'm halfway gone to be fifty
But bitches find me smooth with the bread like jiffy
Peanut butter on the toast, and that's the tea
Next time I spit a fire verse, I ask for fees
I own everything I say, apostrophe
A killer on the loose, call me Ted Bundy
Chorus
I don't get breaks, I just make time
I don't get awards, I get deadlines
Toke another pound, got a head high
Never get caught, never get fined
Livin' on the low, call me Loki
Brother like Thor, Waititi
She never loved me like Kiki 
Make sure she don't forget how she did 

Yes, The Chainsmokers. Or as they will always be known to me: The #SELFIE Guys. I am more shocked about their comeback than I was for Mike Posner's, and Posner was gone for three times as long. #SELFIE was just from 2014. And what makes it so shocking is that #SELFIE is the definiton of a novelty hit. It was exactly the kind of song that I should be able to dismiss as a blip from two idiots I would never see again. Of course, I've been wrong about the career prospects of a lot of people, like, say, LMFAO, but they had their second song in the same year. If The Chainsmokers couldn't immediately follow up on their big hit, how on Earth could they return two years later?

I'm annoyed by a lot of things about their comeback, but most of all, I'm annoyed that I have to start taking them seriously as artists. The #SELFIE Guys are, in a quantifiable sense, the biggest act of the year. The Chainsmokers. If I could go back to 2014 and tell my past self that 2016 was the year of The Chainsmokers, past me would probably say, "Wow, 2016 must be the worst in history!" And I'd tell him, "Calm down! Things aren't that bad, hahaha, hahaha, also start investing in Xanax. And I mean now, not later."
The big question is: "How do you turn #SELFIE into a sustainable career?" Good question! Well, apparently by switching from making terrible novelty EDM to terrible generic EDM... that's one possible way.

This was  one of the biggest hits of the year, and it is a disaster. Its an incoherent mish-mash of the worst sounds in pop music, and it of course was everywhere. The Black Eyed Peas may have been banished, but will.i.am's influence remains. But even that was dwarfed by today's song, which is A.) their attempt at a love song and B.) one where they actually sing. That's right, The #SELFIE Douches are now singing.
Oh... boy...
Calvin Harris, I apologize.
Your voice is lovely, like the song of a beautiful wood thrush wafting on a summer breeze.
And because nothing in this world makes sense anymore, this song is huge. It is the best charting hit of the year.
And, not speaking for myself, just taking the temperature of the room here, seems like the backlash is kicking in, but hard!And goddamn, I'm not surprised. 'Cause, Jesus Christ, who on Earth thought this was a good idea? I daresay there's not a more disliked song in the world right now!
Am I really gonna be the guy to stand up for this? Fine, screw it. I like the song. Quite a bit, if I'm being honest, but hear me out; I totally get why this song is controversial. There are a lot of problems with it. A lot! I mean, first off, Jesus Christ, it's a duet... with Halsey!

And, speaking of artists who made a terrible first impression! I was introduced to Halsey last year with her first mainstream success, "New Americana," an anthem for the new millennial generation.
Yeah, listen to that. Feel the creeping dread of the sweeping tide of change!

We are the new Americana
High on legal marijuana
We smoke weed, legally! Watch us, obeying the law!

Raised on Biggie and Nirvana
That's not even your generation's music! If anything, those are two artists whose influences are being felt less and less! That has nothing to do with your generation, you're just trying to make the rest of us feel old! Yeah, every impression I got was that Halsey was like if Kesha was trying to be Lorde, which is not a combo that works.

But I gathered that was a fluke, and she's actually much more an anonymous singer than that, like she's not trying to make a statement, she's just another boring singer.
So yeah, I don't like her, she was another demerit against "Closer". But I do like it anyway. Mostly, I like that it's such a songwriterly song. I don't know the last time we had a hit song packed with this much lyrical detail and intense emotion. It sketches a very full portrait of a very complex relationship between two people. And that level of detail is really remarkable in a day and age where you can have a hit song that just says "Pineapple, pen, apple."
Or "You ugly, you ugly."

And in it, the two of them are playing specific roles in the song. They're two long broken up exes reconnecting despite the years of tension between them.
Todd: I, I should really just play the chorus here, because it is just fantastic!
Andrew and Halsey: So baby pull me closer
In the backseat of your Rover
That I know you can't afford 
Bite that tattoo on your shoulder
Pull the sheets right off the corner
Of the mattress that you stole
From your roommate back in Boulder 
We ain't ever getting older
Todd: Okay, not that fantastic. Go back.
Andrew and Halsey: Pull the sheets right off the corner
Of the mattress that you stole
From your roommate back in Boulder 
Sorry. I do keep an actual record player down here  for uh, for when I need that sound. But um, anyway, yeah. I think it's important to say that lyrical detail is great. It adds a lot. But, not all details help paint the picture you're trying to create. For example...

...I didn't need to know about Pat Monahan's manscaping habits.
Pat: My heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest
Not important to the story.
Back to "Closer"
Andrew and Halsey: Bite that tattoo on your shoulder
Todd (VO): Now, for example, the shoulder tattoo, that's an important detail, it adds to the scene.
Andrew and Halsey: Backseat of your Rover
The Land Rover. Well, you know, it's part of the setting.
Andrew and Halsey: That I know you can't afford
Can she pay for it?  ...Um?  I, I guess it adds a level of familiarity with each other? ...But the mattress! Oh boy.
Andrew and Halsey: Of the mattress that you stole
From your roommate back in Boulder
Do I need to know that there's a mattress? Yeah, that's uh, it's pretty important. But I don't need to know where she got the mattress, I don't need to know who she got the mattress from, and I certainly don't need to know where the person she got the mattress from is from! And it happens right before the most important line!
Andrew and Halsey: We ain't ever gettin' older
We ain't ever gettin' older
That's what we were building up to! Except right before we hit peak momentum... mattress?! Boulder?! What?!
Video of a bicycle race
We're right at what should be the chorus's triumphant climax, and then...
The song plays over a cyclist riding a bike...
Andrew and Halsey: From your roommate back in Boulder
...and he falls off.
Andrew and Halsey: From your roommate back in Boulder

This is the clumsiest, most useless, most jarringly unnecessary detail I've ever seen a writer use! And I've read  Dan Brown! And the fact that they're both singing the chorus together?
Andrew and Halsey: Baby pull me closer
In the backseat of your Rover
That also raises some questions. Can they both not afford a Land Rover? Do they both have shoulder tattoos, are they both mattress thieves?  But, the fact that it's a duet makes some interesting things happen. Most especially, I like the fact that despite how they're sharing this moment together... these two people are having wildly different experiences!
Andrew: Hey, I was doing just fine before I met you
I drink too much, and that's an issue
But I'm okay
I mean, the first thing the guy sings is basically..."Go away, I hate you!" 
Andrew: Tell your friends it was nice to meet them
But I hope I never see them again
Meanwhile, let's see how she feels about this rekindling of that old flame.
Halsey: You look as good as the day I met you
I forget just why I left you
I was insane
Why did you leave him? Hmm... Well, he hates all your friends!
Andrew: But I hope I never see them...
I'm not saying it's his fault or your fault, I'm just saying it's a huge red flag as far as compatibility goes. And of course, there's this.
Andrew: I drink too much, and that's an issue
Just a guess. But then again, by his own words, it's okay.
Andrew: But I'm okay
So, I mean, don't worry about that obviously.I mean, focus on what's bringing the two of you together again.
Halsey: You look as good as the day I met you
Ah, yes! The one thing that proves a relationship can work forever: looks! It's like they say, "Beauty is bone deep." I, I don't know how to break it to ya... but I wouldn't count on him calling you the day after.
Andrew: Four years, no calls
Now you're lookin' pretty in a hotel bar
I mean, you haven't spoken in four years, which is not a good sign on its own. Plus, I get the feeling you might've forgotten some bad memories. I mean, Christ, you've re-met at a bar! The two of you only got back together because he's drunk! He drinks too much! It's an issue!
Halsey: I know it breaks your heart
Moved to the city in a broke down car, and
This girl has completely missed that this guy's carrying more baggage than  a Samsonite store. Christ, the couple in  "Somebody That I Used to Know" were more on the same page!
Kimbra: Now and then, I think of all the times you screwed me over
I think these two crazy kids are gonna work it out!  Ah, young love.
Andrew: I know it breaks your heart
And even when they sing "It breaks your heart," one's being completely sincere and the other's completely sarcastic. I mean, I guess it's kind of a dick move that the Chainsmokers wrote the girl as like being,  "Wow, you're so hot," and... he never has to meet her halfway, he's just like "You're a bitch," and she's just like,  "God, sorry I'm crazy!"
Halsey: I was insane
But, it, it still feels real, you know? The, the willful delusion of it all. See, it is a good song.
Halsey: Stay, and play that Blink-182 song
That we beat to death in Tucson, okay
 O-okay, I got questions again.
Halsey: In Tucson, okay
First off, Boulder? Tucson? What the hell was the two of you's relationship?! Were you traveling around the country like Bonnie and Clyde on a crazy mattress-stealing spree Secondly, "that Blink-182 song"?
Halsey: Play that Blink-182 song
Which one, the one with the dick jokes?

Mark Hoppus: The state looks down on sodomy
I know, I know, I'm sorry,  I know they became a real grown-up band eventually.  But to me, they'll always be the  "Haha, that porn star's gonna stick a finger up your butt" band. Which, which song are they even talking about?  Let's see here.  Oh yeah, "I Miss You." Yeah that's a good song. I like that song.
Tom deLonge: Don't waste your time on me
You're already the voice inside my head
Not sure it's all that romantic though. Not sure "Don't waste your time on me" is the lyric you really wanna hear when reconnecting. But yeah it does have some of the same  wistful vibe that this song has, you know, I'll give it that. Of course, if anything... the Blink-182 song she's talking about is still "What's My Age Again?" because that song is indeed about never getting older.
Mark: I never wanna act my age

And be honest, the situation will probably end up for these two looking like the same way it did for Blink. Embarrassing and regrettable in hindsight. This hookup is a mistake, you guys.  But I do have one other question:  Why is this being labelled a millennial anthem? 'Cause I've seen that a lot. I've been thinking about it, and... I think it's that a lot of the unnecessary jarring details are about... one major thing.
Andrew: Moved to the city in a broke down car and

Can't buy a mattress, Daddy bought us a car, this is the new Americana. We're all broke. And we're gonna be a lot broker pretty soon, probably!  Oh no, no, no politics, no politics, no politics. 

Andrew and Halsey: We ain't ever gettin' older

Yeah, regardless of all its deep, serious flaws, I like it. I mean she's singing way too hard, and he can't sing at all, but... it works together, you know? Like Sonny & Cher, who are also both terrible singers; don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Andrew and Halsey: We ain't ever gettin' older
Look, I'm not saying it's a perfect song, I'm not sure it's even a good song. But if there's anything that sums up the mess of anger, optimism, confusion, and the desire to turn back time that I'm feeling right now, it's this one. Chainsmokers, "Closer,"... thumbs up.

Andrew and Halsey: No we ain't ever gettin' older
Embed

Verse 3:
My auntie had a stroke and she still can't speak, wrote me every week real talk thats deep
Ex-cell mate gotta 35 piece, won't be released till 2033
It's my son's birthday my boy turned 3, and looking at him is like looking at me
Can't look back and watch the moves I make
But the moves that I made fuck around and move me
Embed

Make weight, you don’t measure up, you’re no mate
Say grace, pray to the Lord to vacate from this place
This for all who turned fake
We know who you are even though you change face
Make haste, yo keep it on movin’ in quick time
These rhymes are a language defined for clear minds
Land mines, watch how you step, they blow up
Now what’s up? Lyrical arsenal like a gun buck
Can’t touch what I rep
Heart stop in a sec
Start rendering cheques or confess to your death
Stress less, battle retaliation
Your heart pacin’
This isn’t a game so you can turn of your Playstation
My mind’s patient, I was born this way
Like when I see a chick I want to fornicate
There’s nothin’ more to say, but that we’re your number one
So sit back, relax, RHF are getting’ the job done
We slay new jacks and wack rappers
Straight Ivan Milat – Killin’ these backpackers
Street cats who keep the crowd movin’ up and down like Snakes and Ladders
Then hands an MC his head on a platter
I either walk with a bop or with a stagger
Hoodied down loose cannon
Ready to rock, fists locked, enter the dragon
Runnin’ the block, representin Hip Hop, sippin’ a flagon
Rip spots, my clique’s hot
The Rock make the chicks flock
Lock, stock, two balls and a big what?
Animos, I’m shit hot, RHF we got this bitch locked
You just a bunch of rip-offs so piss 
1 ContributorLet The Buzz Begin Lyrics
Yo, you don’t know what the hassle brings/
I’m on fire! But I’m low on gasoline/
My words sting like killer bees/
This is epic like the Lord of the Rings Trilogy
Like I said, I’m ready to dominate/
No weak punches, never call it a day/
All in my way/ just move/
The problem ain’t that I don’t give an F, it’s that I do/
Chasing this imaginary crown/
But the only thing that scares me is my frown/
Whining how/ I wanna B.B. the King
I came out new/ with a tongue split in two/
Otherwords, I came out of the blues/ surprise/
With sharp words that will bring your demise/
My war with rhymes/ you shook/
The problem ain’t that I can’t kill you but that I could/ look/
At the direction, the wind is taking/
Resilience proves I’m vindicated/
Take it up a notch, buffoons/
Cause I don’t buy the hard disc, anymore, cause ITune/
Out! Garbage, don’t get started kid/
Black Eyed Peas said ‘Let’s get retarded’ then they did! /
They float like a butterfly, sting like a
Bee/ I’ma bee, I’ma bee, I’ma bee (fart noise)/
I brought the news/ taught the truths/ while you cop
The shoes/ my style is caught in a noose/
You’re one track minded, my thoughts in twos/
Hip-Hop is like Nascar, you stop you lose/ Crash!
Thieves only kill and destroy/
I’m the owner with skill cause I give life and a voice/
Forget the chorus/ this is important/
I’m like mothers whose kids got aborted/
I hate the ladies with the picket signs/
That say “Pro-choice” cause I didn’t get mine/
For each child that died in my stomach/
I’m going to bring that skill times a hundred/
Cause my fruitful mind is in abundance/
Cry me a river, I’ll cut some onions/
I wrote these bars like it was nothing/
This is the come back of the ugly duckling/
Life handed me lemons, so I made a pie/
Then lemon juice, then I ate the rinds/
Even the trash I use is redemptive/
So your laughter was but a brief second/
You still lost?/ I’ll give my argument a
Crucifix just to get my point across/
One man’s trash is another treasure/
Your treasure is my trash, I know it’s clever/
Leave heads severed/ I’ve never/ been good at
Math, so I can’t calculate forever/
Hear that I’m sad yet always rejoicing/
Poor yet I’m made rich through what the noise bring/
That I have nothing, yet possess all things/
Gone for the win, with God’s strong reach/
This long speech, shows that I’m tough till the end/
Now, let the buzz begin/You might also 
1 ContributorWorkout Playlist LyricsClick links for lyrics
1. The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started (Spike Mix)
2. Nina Simone - Sinnerman
3. Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free
4. The Isley Brothers - Live It Up, Pts. 1 & 2
5. Icona Pop - Emergency ft. Erik Hassle
6. Forro In The Dark - Perro Loco
7. Beyoncé - Get Me Bodied (Extended Mix)
8. JAY Z - Off That ft. Drake
9. Bob Marley & The Wailers - Could You Be Loved
10. Courtney Barnett - Elevator OperatorYou might also 