
1 ContributorCLEAR SKIES, CALM WATERS Lyrics
If she's mentally ill, then it ain't no deal
If she can't make her mind, it ain't worth your time
If she's mentally ill, then it ain't no deal
If she can't make her mind, it ain't worth your time

Look, yeah I could spaz on these piano keys
But ain't a person in the world could ever handle me
I'm too much to comfort
More to console
Where was I heading with this? You know that I never know
Last tape, I said I love me more than being alive
That said, I ain't the type to ever tell you a lie
If I'm being real, I do what I can to keep you from hurting
But my biggest fear deep is that I ain't a good person
My mental a gorilla, he's strapped up with heavy arms
Nothing else I said was realer, by comparison, I'm far
Compared to where I was a year ago, I feel so old
Prepared my hair for hitting ceiling fans, my ego is tall
When I'm moving packs alone
If I'm making cash alone
How can I rap when there's so much going on at home?
After the last tape I had to take a good hiatus
This my first time in the stu since way back when when I was aimless
I ain't had no direction, just a blissful erection
It seem like just this time, I was finally happy in my section
Felt so natural, for me to be in this place
But I should've warned myself, that it could end the same way
But I'm here today
Look ma I got back up
Even when I'm feeling down, especially on my luck
I sound so selfish, hear me out I can't believe what I'm saying
Start to feel like having depression in any way is basic
Sorry momma don't think I can get attached to these hoes
Say that now, but I ain't feel that way when I'm back at home
I wanna bring somebody home so you can meet 'em
But how can I be sure you'll like em when I don't know how I'm feeling
Kinda feel like I'm the same as she was
Thinking like, "Hell, maybe we were never different at all"
I feel as toxic as you, but I guess that ain't no fair
Cuz I promised not to diss you even when we split hairs
So it ain't a diss, it's just a tearful goodbye
The words I'm spitting here gon' make feel like I gotta cry
But I can't cuz I got it all out before
Nothing left, you could never make me cry no more
But when these tears was falling while I was scribbling pages
It made me realize all of it was just my imagination
It never really felt how I thought it did
Maybe I was try'na fake it 'til I made it
Once I made it, made me feel like I had borrowed it
Just try'na find something with someone who'll reciprocate
Is that too much to ask, will it just end in pain?
Will I shatter when I break, hit the bottom of the barrel
I don't know just what it takes, but I thought that you were my world
Where the hell I'm at now?
Swear to god I hear this sounds
I feel like I hear your voice when I'm alone and I'm sitting
It's a vision, nah it ain't I know I gotta be trippin'
You might also like

Yeah, yeah
This thing on?

I just got off the phone with the bank
I checked on my balance they said "You are what you make"
Broke and I'm broken, spread the pain like a paint
If the silence was token, then I'm done playing all these games
These girls got they bags and loose necklaces
Tighter ones called chokers, no composure, they the young and recklesses
Evident, that I've lost faith in my generation
I feel like the only old head who was born for demonstration
In 2003, yeah it's however you see
In my eyes, and my mind, I see that they start to lose me
Find a map while I'm at it, 6 glasses and I still couldn't see how you think you deep
You telling it to me
This pain cut deep, like a knife in your dome piece
Say I'm chillin, but for real I just wan' find out what love means
Change the "ov" to an "if" you can't have one without the other
Maybe we just all compelled to find our future children's mother
Say I'm doing fine I'm calm like the sky, and the water clear
It's good fishing, but if you don't wanna catch it then don't come near
It used to be a charade, but now it's too close to home
Ironic cuz I'm 250 miles away you know
I feel unloved, untrusted, undone, and unappealing
I can't go back no more, but if I could you'd be the with me
But I've done what I've done, there ain't nothing else to change
Time heals all the wounds, even the ones the mind can't

Hey! Welcome back
Certainly glad you could join us
Clear skies, calm waters
We've got a fantastic little painting, that I really hope you enjoy
Clear skies
And I sort of have an idea that I wanna do something with a little lake here
And maybe put a- maybe put a little mountain back here or something I don't know
Now we know we're gonna add water here
And since we use the clear, it's nice and- it's nice and transparent

The sky too calm
The water too clear
The quiet and the silence is the root of all my fear
The ripples in the water with the falling of these tears
The ripples in my heart, and in the mind the grinding gears
And as I'm going drawing near to when I'm finally past it here
It drags me back in like a whirlpool I cannot steer
The most silent storm in my mind that you'd ever hear
All the while the sky is calm, and the water is clear

This pain feels a bit too long
A few months no sweat, but now it just goes on and goes on
When I'm asleep I just dread waking up and out of the bed
It's odd the pain and solace that I find inside my head
It's a safe haven that ain't really safe so it seems
Whenever I'm getting comfortable, it attacks my dreams
Nightmares turn to reality I'm sure I'm sure of it
It all feels so real, couldn't possibly dream of it
And when I go to sleep I'm sure that she'll haunt me again
Or maybe I'll be blessed with pleasant memories to pretend
That was ever any love between us, it's so fake
From the time that we started I should've know that it would break
And when it did it would shatter pieces
Just like this
But I know that you been dreaming
No it ain't about this
When I said "I bet you never think about me" I was so right
But that don't mean I don't think about you in the day and night
The simplicity of your mind astounds me to this day
Make me feel like I lost hope for all the women in this age
And I know I shouldn't like that, cuz it's all lies
But I am yet to see examples that would prove it otherwise
It's a sad sad thing to say, and I admit it
But I'll pick my next move, and I've got to live with it
It's a late night when I'm writing this it's so quiet
And you know just how I be when I'm surrounded by the silence
The sky too calm
The water too clear
The quiet and the silence is the root of all my fear
The ripples in the water with the falling of these tears
The ripples in my heart, and in the mind the grinding gears
And as I'm going drawing near to when I'm finally past it here
It drags me back in like a whirlpool I cannot steer
The most silent storm in my mind that you'd ever hear
All the while the sky is calm, and the water is clear

Yeah for now it's gonna hurt but I'm gon' keep it in private
Felt blind before like I was looking through some closed eyelids
And now I'm looking forward
Because soon I will find it
When I'm past all of the horror
And find peace in the 

Released in 1982.

The sun shines
And people forget
The spray flies as the speedboat glides
And people forget
Forget they're hiding
The girls smile and people forget
The snow packs as the skier tracks
People forget
Forget they're hiding

Behind an eminence front
Eminence front, it's a put on
It's an eminence front
It's an eminence front, it's a put on
An eminence front
Eminence front, it's a put on, eminence front
It's an eminence front
It's an eminence front, it's a put on
It's a put on, it's a put on, it's a put on

Come and join the party, dressed to kill
Won't you come and join the party dressed to kill?
Dressed to kill
You might also like
Drinks flow, people forget
That big wheel spins, the hair thins
People forget
Forget they're hiding
The news slows
People forget
The shares crash, hopes are dashed
People forget
Forget they're hiding

Behind an eminence front
An eminence front, it's a put on
It's just an eminence front
An eminence front, it's a put on
An eminence front
An eminence front, it's a put on
Eminence front
It's an eminence front, it's a put on
It's a put on, it's a put on, it's a put on

Come and join the party, dressed to
Come and join the party, dressed to
Come on, join the party, dressed to
Come on, join the party, dressed to kill
Dress yourself to 

But my dreams, they aren't as empty
As my conscience seems to be
I have hours, only lonely
My love is vengeance that's never free

No one knows what it's like
To feel these feelings like I do
And I blame you
No one bites back as hard
On their anger, none of my pain and woe
Can show through

But my dreams, they aren't as empty
As my conscience seems to be
I have hours, only lonely
My love is vengeance that's never free
You might also like
When my fist clenches, crack it open
Before I use it and lose my cool
When I smile, tell me some bad news
Before I laugh and act like a fool
And if I swallow anything evil
Put your finger down my throat
And if I shiver, please give me a blanket
Keep me warm, let me wear your coat

No one knows what it's like
To be the bad man, to be the sad man
Behind blue 

I woke up in a Soho doorway
A policeman knew my name
He said, "You can go sleep at home tonight
If you can get up and walk away"
I staggered back to the underground
And the breeze blew back my hair
I remember throwing punches around
And preaching from my chair
Well, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Tell me, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
'Cause I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
You might also like
I took the tube back out of town
Back to the Rolling Pin
I felt a little like a dying clown
With a streak of Rin Tin Tin
I stretched back and I hiccuped
And looked back on my busy day
Eleven hours in the Tin Pan
God, there's got to be another way

Well, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Come on, tell me who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, who the fuck are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)


Who are you?
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh wah
Ooh, wah, ooh, wah, ooh
Who are you?
Who, who, who, who?
Who are you?
Who, who, who, who?
Who are you?
Who, who, who, who?
Who are you?
Who, who, who, who?
I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Come on, tell me who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
'Cause I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)

I know there's a place you walked
Where love falls from the trees
My heart is like a broken cup
I only feel right on my knees
I spit out like a sewer hole
Yet still receive your kiss
How can I measure up to anyone now
After such a love as this?

Well, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, tell me, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, I really wanna know (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Tell me, tell me, who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Come on, come on, who? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, who the fuck are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Who are you? (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?)
Oh, tell me, who are you? (Who are you? Who?)
I really wanna know
Oh, I really wanna know
Come on, tell me, who are you, you, you?
Oh, who are 

Don't cry, don't raise your eye
It's only teenage wasteland

Sally, take my hand, we'll travel south 'cross land
Put out the fire and don't look past my shoulder
The exodus is here, the happy ones are near
Let's get together before we get much older

Teenage wasteland, it's only teenage wasteland
Teenage wasteland, oh, yeah
Teenage wasteland
They're all wasted
You might also 
1 ContributorOriginal Rock N’ Roll LyricsSister Rosetta Tharpe - Strange Things Happening Every Day
Chuck Berry - Johnny B. Goode
Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
Elvis Presley - Blue Suede Shoes
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Rock Daniel
Johnny Cash - Ring of Fire
The Rolling Stones - I Just Want To Make Love To You (Mono Version)
Fats Domino - Ain't That A Shame
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - That's All
Chubby Checker - The Twist
The Kingsmen - Louie Louie
Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock
The Rolling Stones - Jumpin' Jack Flash (Mono)
Roy Orbison - Oh, Pretty Woman
The Beatles - Twist And Shout (Remastered 2009)
Little Richard - Long Tall Sally
Bill Haley & His Comets - (We're Gonna) Rock Around The Clock
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Down by the Riverside
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Rock Me (feat. Lucky Millinder And His Orchestra)
The Who - My Generation (Stereo Version)
Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl
Little Richard - Good Golly Miss Molly
Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls Of Fire
Sister Rosetta Tharpe - Shout, Sister, Shout! (feat. Lucky Millinder And His Orchestra)
Buddy Holly - That'll Be The Day
Johnny Cash - I Walk the Line
The Beatles - All My Loving (Remastered 2009)
Chuck Berry - Run Rudolph Run (Single Version)
Jerry Lee Lewis - Whole Lot of Shakin' Going On
The Rolling Stones - I'm A King Bee
Johnny Cash - A Boy Named Sue (Live at San Quentin State Prison, San Quentin, CA - February 1969)
Chuck Berry - You Never Can Tell
Johnny Cash - Folsom Prison Blues (Live at Folsom State Prison, Folsom, CA - January 1968)
The Beach Boys - Surfin' U.S.A. (Remastered)
Elvis Presley - Hound Dog
Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel
Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes
Carl Perkins - Matchbox
Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven
Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill
Chubby Checker - Let's Twist Again
Chuck Berry - No Particular Place To Go
The Beatles - I Saw Her Standing There (Remastered 2009)
Neil Sedaka - Breaking Up Is Hard to Do
Carl Perkins - Boppin' The Blues
Chuck Berry - Maybellene (Single Version)
Jerry Lee Lewis - Wild One
John Mayall & The Bluesbreakers - All Your Love (Mono) (feat. Eric Clapton)
The Beatles - A Hard Day's Night (Remastered 2009)
Chuck Berry - Sweet Little 
