

What’s the point of going out on a tour
When there’s no one in the crowd when you clowns go perform?
You’re so deep in the game, still sleeping down on the floor
You act proud, but it rots you right down to your core
So, to say I fuck with you? Well I doubt it for sure
Renowned or obscure, I never heard a sound you recorded
Bitch, you’ve been making music since 2004
And I still haven’t listened to one album of yours
And the fans of your rap music are white as a Klan unit
I’m tryin' to make him embrace it, but damn it, he can’t do it
He should be grassroot-ing, but instead he pack-mule-ing
‘lac cruising, gat shooting, back of the tan Buick
Said you had nicks (Knicks) for starters, like Al Houston and Pat Ewing
What’s next, you makin' gram movements like Fat Jewish?
Well, that lightweight angle is shaky as Shaq shootin'
And that’s stupid as Atlanta fans rootin' for Cam Newton
Boy, you said your dream battle’s Jin
I couldn’t give a shit less
It’s funny a little Asian kid couldn’t make you a success (6's)
It’s a vignette on forgotten skill and a prequel to popping pills
It’s sick how you think you’re sick
How the mighty have fallen Ill
Bro. Pat Stay’s first was all short jokes to put this herb down
So for me to try any of that shit would be retarded
But I gave Pat Stay every short joke he used in his first round
So I was up one nothing before this battle even started
I don’t have short jokes; I don’t have short facts
I don’t have short quotes; I just have short math
Lookism
A guy who’s 5’6” has to make $183,000 a year
More than someone who is 6’ to be deemed equally attractive
That’s $24,000 an inch, that’s the fraction we’ll use
And what I did is I took my height and subtract it from dude’s
So look at you, 5’5”, but that’s adding a few;
So Google me. 6’1 and a half or 6’2”
Before this battle even starts, by all the math that I do
I’m already a quarter million dollars more attractive than you
And there’s nothin' you can do about it, you know that it’s unfair
You could be Brad Pitt in the face and no woman would care
I mean, there’s height restrictions in the military, I don’t know why; it’s disgusting
But of course you hate the government, you’re too short to die for your country
So that explains his head condition
His conspiracies, his pessimism
Another adolescent victim, short, poor, expecting visits
From a daddy who’d never swing it, so rage done festered in him
And he turned it against the system
But being short is no excuse for being a mental midget
I mean, you hate yourself for being short, I can tell it through your face
But look on the bright side; there’s less of you hate
And losses are a positive, so you should see some growth from this
But the fact is, you’re 5’3” and you just can’t get over it
He’s jealous I call myself the Prince, like that should describe you
Well, maybe you’re right, too, ‘cause you and Prince are both 5’2”
I call myself the Prince as a Symbol, that I’m forging my own path
I call myself the Prince ‘cause it will always be something I was formerly known as
Like: 2056, in a nursing home. T-Rex’s granddaughter is nursin' holmes
Brittle bones, decrepit clothes, shoes too big for your feet
Cause after all the years of gravity, he’s shrunken to 4’3”
He’s past the whole rapping thing, now he’s battling for his sanity
Dementia and Alzheimer’s; he can’t recognize his own family
So they don’t visit, he’s so lonely; his incontinent useless ass
Well one of the nurses, somehow, hears that he used to rap
So as a birthday present, she decides to drag a classic out
Gets all the invalids, the old people, and has them gather ‘round
She says it’s Illmac versus Rone, but then he panics at the sound
Cause as soon as he hears my name, then he flashes back to now
And suddenly, he’s wishin; for his casket and his death
Suddenly, he’s short of air and he’s grabbing for his neck
And if that was then and this is now, and you’re still panicking' through sweat
Then imagine just how bad it was at the actual event

He keeps bringing up conspiracies, and half of you laugh
Well, I must be a conspiracy theorist; that’s actually facts
Shit, I feel like B.O.B. with what Adam just rapped
‘cause I swear that entire round was actually flat
As a matter fact, you talking ‘bout my drugs, when I got caught for the case
He didn’t mention my P’s, did he (Diddy)?
I mean that’d be perfect, ‘cause his most-reacted line is when he remixed me
(P Diddy - Remix me? Fuck all that.)
What you looking at? You are not a man. You will never be a man
You know why? He let Pat palm the back of his head with his hand
Never mind Sandusky molesting this bitch
YouTube “getting brains in the lac”. I didn’t edit this shit
It’s a video of you giving Pat head in the whip
You don’t remember the clip? You didn’t think I would mention this shit?
Pat looked like MadChild last Blackout
A Swollen Member getting neck while he’s stiff
The video starts, Pat getting head in the car, nothing too embarrassing in it
Til it’s revealed it’s not a girl, it’s you
Genius, being gay is hilarious
Get it?
(No? Me either.)
Tell me this: what was the moment you became aware they were taping there?
Was it when Pat came, you came up for air, wiped your facial hair
After treating Pat’s dick like you was ‘bout to find the chain in there?
I guess we just from two different scenes
Cause I ain’t trying to get on YouTube and watch men (Watchmen) do shit obscene
You normally play the Comedian, but in that new clip I seen
You just went Dr. Manhattan on us: just blew(blue) dick on screen
Hey, fuck it though. You should get a letterman jacket for pleasuring Pat
Giving head in the ‘lac
Yo, I guess when he lettered in track
Ain’t the only time he’s ever been a(-)head in a lap
We both battled Pat. Look how we related to him
I left with Pat’s head. You gave it to him
How did that relationship start? Does he think that it’s fate as well?
Or did you just slide in his DMs like, “A/S/L”?
That shit’s gay as hell, and you taped it. Well
I don’t care he made it, he’s Larry David: he played himself
You know what? You’re the most disrespected battler. Pesci ain’t got shit on you
Daylyt left the stage and dipped on you. Pat Stay put his dick on you
Diz made you dress up as Bruce Jenner and put a wig on you
Now, I’m ‘bout to wig on you
The judge decide the outcome, think Pimp a Butterfly album:
I got schitz(skits) on you
Slap that Roney Baby the Prince off you;
Cold case. Charron’s face: leave prints on you
Break you down; put it together: I’ll jigsaw you
Show up to your improv group, impromptu, insult the chick on you
Diss her, and spit on you. No, Diz / Eurgh spit on you
I’ll diss her(Eurgh) and leave: Irvine crip on you
Walk in your crib on you, skip the welcome mat, wipe my kicks on you
Slap the cereal bowl out your hand and go Queenzflip in the whip on you
When I whip on you
You know what? It’s something bothering me, I just can’t ignore it
Everybody blames Sandusky; they got the facts distorted
I mean, if you seen what Rone was wearing, he was practically asking for it
Forget the rape. That’s a subject that we’ll avoid
I mean, I had to mention it; I didn’t have any choice
But now it’s a tactic employed he’s learned to handle with poise
So fuck it, I’ll bell-clap him. Won’t hear any actual noise
Flat on canvas, no punch landed; you scrapping with Floyd
Shoulder lock, crack clavicle; grapple on point
Jab like Zab; jaw tap him like Roy
Body blow, head shot; his jaw crack like his voice
Mandible snapped at the joint
Hey yo Sandusky! That’s how you put hands on this boy
And as you just seen, I beat his ass so badly
I’m on my next lap. Next title match, me and Pass in Cali
(