

Joy to the world, the Savior reigns
Let men their songs employ
While fields and floods
Rocks, hills and plains
Repeat the sounding joy
Repeat the sounding joy
Repeat the sounding joy

And I'm calling all angels
And I'm calling all angels

He rules the world with truth and grace
And makes the nations prove
The glories of His righteousness
And wonders of His love
Wonders of His love
And wonders of His love
See Train LiveGet tickets as low as $30You might also like
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy to the world
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy, joy, joy
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy, joy to the world
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy to the world
(And Heaven and angels sing) Ooh joy, joy
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy to the world, oh
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy, joy, joy, oh Lord
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy to the world
(And Heaven and angels sing) Joy to the world
(And Heaven and angels sing) Mmm, 

Inanimate. But Grandmaster of Valletta tonight.
"The Bobbsey Twins," said Clyde. Running around the corner in a jog trot came Dahoud (who'd discouraged little Ploy from taking a Brody) and Leroy Tongue the widget storekeeper, both of them with night sticks and SP armbands. It looked like a vaudeville act, Dahoud being one and a half times as high as Leroy. Clyde had a general idea of their technique for keeping the peace. Leroy would hop up on Dahoud's shoulders piggyback and rain pacification about the heads and shoulders of boisterous bluejackets, while Dahoud exerted his calming influence down below.
"Look," yelled Dahoud approaching. "We can
do it running." Leroy slowed down and cut in behind his running mate. "Hup-hup-hup," said Dahoud. "YO." Sure enough: neither of them breaking stride, up hopped Leroy, clinging to Dahoud's big collar to ride his shoulders like a jockey.
"Giddap there, boss," Leroy screamed, and away they dashed for the Union Jack. A small detachment of Marines, all in step, came marching out of a side street. One farm lad, blond and candid-faced, counted cadence unintelligibly. Passing Clyde and Johnny, he broke off for a moment to ask:
"Wot's all that noise we hear?"
"Fight," said Johnny. "Union Jack."
"Right ho." Back in formation, the boy ordered a column left and his charges set course dutifully for the Union Jack.
"We're missing all the fun," whined Clyde.
"There is Poppy."
They entered the Metro. Poppy sat at a table with a barmaid who looked like Paola but fatter and older. It was pitiful to watch.
He was doing his "Chicago" bit. They waited till it was over. The barmaid, indignant, arose and waddled off. Poppy used the handkerchief to swab off his face which was sweating.
"Twenty-five dances," he said as they approached. "I broke my own record."
"There is a nice fight on at the Union Jack," suggested Clyde. "Wouldn't you like to go to it, Poppy?"
"Or how about that whorehouse the chief off the Hank that we met in Barcelona told us about," said Johnny. "Why don't we try to find it."
Poppy shook his head. "You guys ought to know this was the only place I wanted to come."
So they begin: these vigils. Having put up their token resistance, Clyde and Johnny straddled chairs to either side of Poppy and settled down to drinking as much as Poppy but staying soberer.
The Metro looked like a nobleman's pied-a-terre applied to mean purposes. The dancing floor and bar lay up a wide curving flight of marble steps
lined with statues in niches: statues of Knights, ladies and Turks. Such was a quality of suspended animation about them that you felt – come the owl-hours, the departure of the last sailor and the extinguishment of the last electric light – these statues must unfreeze, step down from their pedestals, and ascend stately to the dance floor bringing with them their own light: the sea's phosphorescence. There to form sets and dance till sunup, utterly silent; no music; their stone feet only just kissing the wood planks.
Along the sides of the room were great stone urns, with palms and poincianas. On the red-carpeted dais sat a small hot-jazz band: violin, trombone, saxophone, trumpet, guitar, piano, drums. It was a plump middle-aged lady, playing the violin. At the moment they were playing C'est Magnifique tailgate fashion, while a Commando six and a half feet tall jitterbugged with two barmaids at once and tree and four friends stood around, clapping hands, cheering them on. It was not so much a matter of Dick
Powell, the American Singing Marine, caroling Sally and Sue, Don't Be Blue: more a taking-on of traditional attitudes which (one suspects) must be latent in all English germ plasm: mother loony chromosome along with afternoon tea and respect for the Crown; where the Yanks saw novelty and an excuse for musical comedy, the English saw history, and Sally and Sue were only incidental.
Early tomorrow deck hands would come out in the bleaching glare of the pier's lights and single up all lines for some of these green berets. The night before, then, was for sentiment, larking in shadows with jolly barmaids, another pint and another smoke in this manufactured farewell-hall; this enlisted men's version of that great ball, the Saturday night before Waterloo. One way you could tell which ones were going tomorrow: they left without looking back.
Pappy got drunk, stinking drunk: and drew his two keepers into a personal past neither wanted to investigate. They endured a step-by-step account of the brief marriage: the
presents he'd given her, the places they'd gone, the cooking, the kindnesses. Toward the end, half of it was noise: maundering. But they didn't ask for clarity. Didn't ask anything, not so much from booze-tangled tongues as from a stuffiness-by-induction in the nasal cavities. So susceptible were Fat Clyde and Johnny Contango.
But it was Cinderella liberty in Malta, and though the drunk's clock slows down, it doesn't stop. "Come on," said Clyde finally, floundering afoot. "It is about that time." Pappy smiled sadly and fell out of his chair.
"We'll go get a taxi," said John. "Carry him home in a taxi."
"Jeez, it's late." They were the last Americans in the Metro. The English were quietly absorbed in saying goodbye to at least this part of Valletta. With the departure of the Scaffold boat's men, all things had grown more matter-of-fact.
Clyde and Johnny draped Pappy around them and got him down the stairs, past the Knights' reproachful eyes and
into the street. "Taxi, hey," Clyde screamed.
"No taxis," said Johnny Contango. "All gone. God how big the stars are."
Clyde wanted to argue. "You just let me take him," he said. "You're an officer, you can stay out all night."
"Who said I was an officer. I'm a white hat. Your brother, Pappy's brother. Brother's keeper."
"Taxi, taxi, taxi."
"Limey's brother, everybody's brother. Who says I'm an officer. Congress. Officer and gentlemen by act of Congress. Congress won't even go into the Suez to help the Limeys. They're wrong about that, they're wrong about me."
"Paola," Pappy moaned and pitched forward. They grabbed him. His white hat was long gone. His head hung and hair had fallen over his eyes.
"Pappy is going bald," said Clyde. "I never noticed."
"You never do till you're drunk."
They made their way slow and unsteady down the Gut, yelling occasionally
for a taxi. None came. The street had a silent look but was not so; not so far away, on the hill ascending to Kingsway, they heard sharp little explosions. And the voice of a great crowd around the next corner.
"What is it," said Johnny, "revolution?"
Better than that: it was a free-for-all among 200 Royal Commandos and maybe 30 Scaffold sailors.
Clyde and Johnny dragged Pappy round the corner and into the fringes of it.
"Oh-oh," said Johnny. The noise woke Pappy, who called for his wife. A few dangling belts were in evidence, but no broken beer bottles or boatswain's knives. Or none anybody could see. Or not yet. Dahoud stood against a wall, facing 20 Commandos. By his left bicep another Kilroy looked on, with nothing to say but WOT NO AMERICANS. Leroy Tongue must have been off underfoot somewhere, clubbing at shins with his night stick. Something red and sputtering came arcing through the air, landed by Johnny Contango's foot and blew up. "Firecrackers,"
said Johnny, landing three feet away. Clyde had also fled, and Pappy, unsupported, fell to the street. "Let's get him out of here," said Johnny.
But they found their way blocked by Marines, who'd come up from behind.
"Hey Billy Eckstine," yelled the Commandos in front of Dahoud. "Billy Eckstine! sing us a song!" A volley of firecrackers went off somewhere to the right. Most of the fist-fighting was still concentrated in the center of the mob. Only shoving, elbowing and curiosity at the edges. Dahoud removed his hat, drew himself up and began to sang I Only Have Eyes for You. Commandos were struck dumb. Somewhere down the street a police whistle blew. Glass broke in the middle of the crowd. It sent human waves back, concentric. A couple-three Marines staggered back and fell over Pappy, who was still on the ground. Johnny and Clyde moved in to rescue him. A few sailors moved in to help the fallen Marines. Unobtrusive as possible, Clyde and Johnny lifted their charge by an arm
each and sneaky-Peted away. Behind them, the Marines and sailors began scuffling with one another.
"Cops," somebody yelled. Half a dozen cherry bombs went off. Dahoud finished his song. A number of Commandos applauded. "Now sing I Apologize."
"You mean that," Dahoud scratched his head, "that if I told a lie, if I made you cry, forgive me?"
"Hoorah Billy Eckstine!" they cried.
"O no man," Dahoud said. "I don't apologize to nobody." Commandos squared off. Dahoud surveyed the situation, then abruptly lifted a gigantic arm, straight up. "All right there troopers, get in ranks now. Square away."
For some reason they shuffled into a kind of formation.
"Yeah," Dahoud grinned. "Right, FACE." So they did.
"Awright men. Let's goooo!" Down came the arm, and away they marched. In step. Kilroy looked on deadpan. From nowhere Leroy Tongue emerged to bring up the rear.
Clyde, Johnny
and Poppy Hod struggled free of the brawl, dodged round a corner and began the struggle up the hill to Kingsway. Halfway along, Dahoud's detachment passed them, Dahoud counting cadence singing it like a blues. For all anyone knew he was marching them back to the troop carriers.
A taxi pulled up next to the three. "Follow that platoon," Johnny said and they piled in. The cab had a skylight, so of course before it reached Kingsway three heads had appeared through the roof. As they crawled behind the Commandos, they sang:
"Who's the little rodent
That's getting more than me?
F-U-C-K-E-Y Y-O-U-S-E."
A legacy from Pig Bodine, who'd watched this particular kid's program religiously on the mess hall TV every night in port; had furnished black clip-on ears to all the mess cooks at his own expense, and composed on the show's theme song an obscene parody of which this variation in spelling was the most palatable part. Commandos in the rear ranks asked Johnny to teach them the
words. He did, receiving in exchange a fifth of Irish whisky when its owner insisted he could not possibly finish it before they got under way next morning. (To this day the bottle has remained in Johnny Contango's possession, unopened. No one knows what he's keeping it for.)
This weird procession crept along Kingsway until intercepted by a British cattle car or lorry. The Commandos climbed on, thanked everyone for a jolly evening and snarled away forever. Dahoud and Leroy climbed wearily into the cab.
"Billy Eckstine," Dahoud grinned. "Jeez."
"We got to go back," Leroy said. The driver made a U-turn and they circled back to the scene of the free-for-all. No more than fifteen minutes had passed; but the street was deserted. Quiet: no more firecrackers, shouts; nothing.
"I'll be damned," said Dahoud.
"You'd think it never happened," said Leroy.
"Dockyard," Clyde instructed the driver, yawning. "Dry dock two. American tin
can with the teeth marks of a screw-chewing fish."
All the way out to the Dockyard Pappy snored.
Liberty had been expired an hour when they arrived. The two SP's bounded past the rows of latrines and across the gangplank. Clyde and Johnny, with Pappy in the middle, lagged.
"Now none of that was worth it," Johnny said bitterly. Two figures, fat and slim, stood by the latrine wall.
"Come on," Clyde urged Pappy. "Few more steps."
Nasty Chobb came running by, wearing an English sailor hat with H.M.S. Ceylon printed on the hand. The shadow-figures detached themselves from the latrine wall and approached. Pappy tripped.
"Robert," she said. Not a question.
"Hello Pappy," said the other.
"Who zat," said Clyde.
Johnny stopped dead and Clyde's momentum carried Pappy round to face her directly. "I'll be dipped in messhall coffee," said Johnny.
"Poor Robert." But she said it gently, and was
smiling, and had either Johnny or Clyde been less drunk, they would have bawled like children.
Pappy waggled his arms. "Go ahead," he told them, "I can stand. I'll be along." From over on the quarterdeck Nasty Chobb was heard arguing with the OOD. "What you mean go away," yelled Nasty.
"Your hat says H.M.S. Ceylon, Chobb."
"So."
"So what can I say? You're on the wrong ship."
"Profane," said Pappy. "You came back. I thought you would."
"I didn't," Profane said. "But she did." He went off to wait. Leaned against a latrine wall out of earshot, looking at the Scaffold.
"Hello Paola," said Pappy. "Sahha." It means both.
"You -"
"You -" at the same time. He motioned her to talk.
"Tomorrow," she said, "you'll he hung over and probably will think this didn't happen. That the Metro's booze sends visions as well as a big
head. But I'm real, and here, and if they restrict you -"
"I can put in a chit."
"Or send you off to Egypt or anywhere else, it should make no difference. Because I will be back in Norfolk before you, and be there on the pier. Like any other wife. But wait till then to kiss or even touch you."
"If I can get off?"
"I'll be gone. Let it be this way, Robert." How tired her face looked, in the white scatter from the brow lights. "It will be better, and more the way it should have been. You sailed a week after I left you. So a week is all we've lost. All that's gone on since then is only a sea-story. I will sit home in Norfolk, faithful, and spin. Spin a yarn for your coming-home present."
"I love you," was all he could find to say. He'd been saying it every night to a steel bulkhead and the earthwide sea on the other side.
White hands flickered up, behind her face. "Here. In case you think tomorrow it was a dream."
Her hair fell loose. She handed him an ivory comb. Five crucified Limeys - five Kilroys - stared briefly at Valletta's sky till he pocketed it. "Don't lose it in a poker game. I've had it a long time."
He nodded. "We ought to be back early December."
"You'll get your good-night kiss then." She smiled, withdrew, turned, was gone.
Pappy ambled on past the latrine without looking back. The American flag, skewered by spotlights, fluttered limp, high over them all. Pappy began his walk to the quarterdeck, across the long brow, hoping he'd be soberer when he reached the other end.
II
Of their dash across the Continent in a stolen Renault; Profane's one-night sojourn in a jail near Genoa, when the police mistook him for an American gangster; the drunk they all threw which began in Liguria and lasted well past Naples; the dropped transmission at the outskirts of that city and the week they spent waiting its repair in a ruined villa on Ischia, inhabited
by friends of Stencil - a monk long defrocked named Fenice who spent his time breeding giant scorpions in marble cages once used by the Roman blood to punish their young boy and girl concubines, and the poet Cinoglossa who had the misfortune to be both homosexual and epileptic - wandering listlessly in an unseasonable heat among vistas of marble fractured by earthquake, pines blasted by lightning, sea wrinkled by a dying mistral; of their arrival in Sicily and the difficulty with local bandits on a mountain road (from which Stencil extricated them by telling foul Sicilian jokes and giving them whisky); of the day-long trip from Syracuse to Valletta on the Laferla steamer Star of Malta, during which Stencil lost $100 and a pair of cufflinks at stud poker to a mild-faced clergyman who called himself Robin Petitpoint; and of Paola's steadfast silence through it all, there was little for any of them to remember. Malta alone drew them, a clenched fist around a yo-yo string.
They came in to Valletta, cold, yawning,
in the rain. They rode to Maijstral's room neither anticipating nor remembering – outwardly, at least, apathetic and low-keyed as the rain. Maijstral greeted them calmly. Paola would stay with him. Stencil and Profane had planned to doss at the Phoenicia Hotel, but at 2/8 per day the agile Robin Petitpoint had had his effect. They settled for a lodginghouse near the Harbour. "What now," said Profane, tossing his ditty bag in a corner.
Stencil thought a long time.
"I like," Profane continued, "living off of your money. But you and Paola conned me into coming here."
"First things first," said Stencil. The rain had stopped; he was nervous. "See Maijstral. See Maijstral."
See Maijstral he did: but only next day, and after a morning-long argument with the whisky bottle which the bottle lost. He walked to the room in the ruined building through a brilliant gray afternoon. Light seemed to cling to his shoulders like fine rain. His knees shook.
But
it wasn't hard to talk to Maijstral.
"Stencil has seen your confession to Paola."
"Then you know," Maijstral said, "I only made it into this world through the good offices of one Stencil."
Stencil hung his head. "It may have been his father."
"Making us brothers."
There was wine, which helped. Stencil yarned far into the night but with a voice always threatening to break, as if now at last he were pleading for his life. Maijstral kept a decorous silence, waiting patiently whenever Stencil faltered.
Stencil sketched the entire history of V. that night and strengthened a long suspicion. That it did add up only to the recurrence of an initial and a few dead objects. At one point in Mondaugen's story:
"Ah," Maijstral said. "The glass eye."
"And you." Stencil mopped his forehead. "You listen like a priest."
"I have wondered." Smiling.
At the end of it:
"But Paola
showed you my apologia. Who is the priest? We have heard one another's confessions."
"Not Stencil's," Stencil insisted. "Hers."
Maijstral shrugged. "Why have you come? She is dead."
"He must know."
"I could never find that cellar again. If I could: it must be rebuilt now. Your confirmation would lie deep."
"Too deep already," Stencil whispered. "Stencil's long over his head, you know."
"I was lost."
"But not apt to have visions."
"Oh, real enough. You always look inside first, don't you, to find what's missing. What gap a vision could possibly fill. I was all gap then, and there was too wide a field to choose from."
"Yet you'd just come from -"
"I did think of Elena. Yes. Latins warp everything to the sexual anyway. Death becomes an adulterer or rival, need arises to see one rival at least done in . . . But I was bastardized enough, you see, before
that. Too much so to feel hatred or triumph, watching."
"Only pity. Is that what you mean? At least in what Stencil read. Read into. How can he -"
"More a passiveness. The characteristic stillness, perhaps, of the rock. Inertia. I'd come back - no, in - come in to the rock as far as I would."
Stencil brightened after a while and changed course. "A token. Comb, shoe, glass eye. The children."
"I wasn't watching the children. I was watching your V. What I did see of the children - I recognized none of the faces. No. They may have died before the war ended or emigrated after it. Try Australia. Try the pawnbrokers and curio shops. But as for placing a notice in the agony column: 'Anyone participating in the disassembly of a priest -'"
"Please."
Next day, and for days after, he investigated the inventories of curio merchants, pawnbrokers, ragmen. He returned one morning to find Paola brewing tea on the ring for Profane, who lay bundled
up in bed.
"Fever," she said. "Too much booze, too much everything back in New York. He hasn't been eating much since we arrived. God knows where he does eat. What the water there is like."
"I'll recover," Profane croaked. "Tough shit, Stencil."
"He says you're down on him. "
"O God," said Stencil.
The next day brought momentary encouragement to Stencil. A shopowner named Cassar did know of an eye such as Stencil described. The girl lived in Valletta, her husband was an auto mechanic at the garage which cared for Cassar's Morris. He had tried every device he knew to purchase the eye, but the foolish girl would not part with it. A keepsake, she said.
She lived in a tenement. Stucco walls, a row of balconies on the top floor. Light that afternoon produced a "burn" between whites and blacks: fuzzy edges, blurrings. White was too white, black too black. Stencil's eyes hurt. Colors were nearly absent, leaning either to
white or black.
"I threw it into the sea." Hands on hips, defiant. He smiled uncertainly. Where had Sidney's charm fled? Under the same sea, back to its owner. Light angling through the window fell across a bowl of fruit - oranges, limes - bleaching them and throwing the bowl's interior to black shadow. Something was wrong with the light. Stencil felt tired, unable to pursue it further - not just now - wanting only to leave. He left.
Profane sat in a worn flowered robe of Fausto Maijstral's, looking ghastly, chewing on the stump of an old cigar. He glared at Stencil. Stencil ignored him: threw himself on the bed and slept soundly for twelve hours.
He awoke at four in the morning and walked through a sea-phosphorescence to Maijstral's. Dawn leaked in, turning the illumination conventional. Along a mudway and up twenty steps. A light burned.
Maijstral was asleep at his table. "Don't haunt me, Stencil," he mumbled, still dreamy and belligerent.
"Stencil is passing
on the discomfort of being haunted," Stencil shivered.
They huddled over tea in chipped cups.
"She cannot be dead," Stencil said.
"One feels her in the city," he cried.
"In the city."
"In the light. It has to do with the light."
"If the soul," Maijstral ventured, "is light. Is it a presence?"
"Damn the word. Stencil's father, had he possessed imagination, might have used it." Stencil's eyebrows puckered, as if he would cry. He weaved irritably in his seat, blinked, fumbled for his pipe. He'd left it at the lodginghouse. Maijstral tapped across a pack of Players.
Lighting up: "Maijstral. Stencil expresses himself like an idiot."
"But your search fascinates me."
"Did you know, he's devised a prayer. Walking about this city, to be said in rhythm to his footsteps. Fortune, may Stencil be steady enough not to fasten on one of these poor ruins at his own random or at any
least hint from Maijstral. Let him not roam out all Gothic some night with lantern and shovel to exhume an hallucination, and be found by the authorities mud-streaked and mad, and tossing meaningless clay about."
"Come, come," muttered Maijstral. "I feel uncomfortable enough, being in this position."
Stencil drew in his breath too loudly.
"No, I am not beginning to requestion. That is long done."
Beginning then Maijstral took up the study of Stencil more closely. Though suspending judgment. He'd aged enough to know the written apologia would only be a first step in exorcising the sense of sin that had hung with him since '43. But this V. was surely more than a sense of sin?
Mounting crisis in the Suez, Hungary and Poland hardly touched them. Maijstral, leery like any Maltese of the Balloon's least bobbing, was grateful for something else - Stencil - to take his mind off the headlines. But Stencil himself, who seemed more unaware each day (under questioning)
of what was happening in the rest of the world, reinforced Maijstral's growing theory that V. was an obsession after all, and that such an obsession is a hothouse: constant temperature, windless, too crowded with particolored spots, unnatural blooms.
Stencil, returning to the lodginghouse, walked into a loud argument between Paola and Profane.
"So go," he was yelling. Something crashed against the door.
"Don't try to make up my mind for me," she yelled back. Stencil opened the door warily, peered around and was hit in the face with a pillow. Shades were drawn and Stencil saw only blurred figures: Profane still ducking out of the way, Paola's arm in follow-through.
"What the hell."
Profane, crouching like a toad, flapped a newspaper at him. "My old ship is in." All Stencil could see were the whites of his eyes. Paola was crying.
"Ah." Stencil dived for the bed. Profane had been sleeping on the floor. Let them use that, thought spiteful
Stencil; snuffled, and drifted off to sleep.
At length it occurred to him to talk with the old priest, Father Avalanche, who according to Maijstral had been here since 1919.
The moment he entered the church he knew he'd lost again. The old priest knelt at the communion rail: white hair above a black cassock. Too old.
Later, in the priest's house:
"God lets some of us wait, in queer backwaters," said Father Avalanche. "Do you know how long it's been since I have shriven a murderer? At the time of the Ghallis Tower murder last year I had hopes . . ." He maundered thus, taking Stencil by an unwilling hand, and began to charge aimless about thickets of memory. Stencil tried to point them toward the June Disturbances.
"Oh, I was only a young lad then, full of myth. The Knights, you know. One cannot come to Valletta without knowing about the Knights. I still believe" – chuckling - "as I believed then, that they roam the streets after sunset. Somewhere. And I
had only served as padre - in the actual fighting - long enough to have illusions left about Avalanche as crusading Knight. But then to compare the Malta that was, in 1919, to their Malta . . . You'd have to talk, I suppose, to my predecessor here, Father Fairing. He went to America. Though the poor old man, wherever he is, must be dead by now."
Politely as he could Stencil took leave of the old priest, plunged into the sunlight and began to walk. There was too much adrenalin, contracting the smooth muscle, deepening his breathing, quickening his pulse. "Stencil must walk," he said to the street: "walk. "
Foolish Stencil: he was out of condition. He returned to his pied-a-terre long after midnight, hardly able to stand. The room was empty.
"Clinches it," he muttered. If it were the same Fairing.
Even if it were not, could it matter? A phrase (it often happened when he was exhausted) kept cycling round and round, preconsciously, just under the threshold of lip
and tongue movement: "Events seem to be ordered into an ominous logic." It repeated itself automatically and Stencil improved on it each time, placing emphasis on different words - "events seem"; "seem to be ordered"; "ominous logic" - pronouncing them differently, changing the "tone of voice" from sepulchral to jaunty: round and round and round. Events seem to be ordered into an ominous logic. He found paper and pencil and began to write the sentence in varying hands and type faces. Profane lurched in on him thus.
"Paola's back with her husband," said Profane and collapsed on the bed. "She'll go back to the States."
"Someone," Stencil muttered, "is out of it, then." Profane groaned and pulled blankets around him. "Look here," said Stencil. "Now, you're sick." He crossed to Profane, felt his forehead. "High fever. Stencil must get a doctor. What the hell were you doing out at this hour anyway."
"No."
Profane flopped over, fished under the bed in his ditty bag. "APC's. I'll sweat it out."
Neither spoke for a while but Stencil was too distraught to hold anything in. "Profane," he said.
"Tell Paola's father. I'm only along for the ride."
Stencil began to pace. Laughed: "Stencil doesn't think he believes him any longer." Profane rolled over laboriously and blinked at him.
"V.'s is a country of coincidence, ruled by a ministry of myth. Whose emissaries haunt this century's streets. Porcépic, Mondaugen, Stencil pere, this Maijstral, Stencil fils. Could any of them create a coincidence? Only Providence creates. If the coincidences are real then Stencil has never encountered history at all, but something far more appalling.
"Stencil came on Father Fairing's name once, apparently by accident. Today he came on it again, by what only could have been design."
"I wonder," said Profane, "if that was the same Father Fairing
. . ."
Stencil froze, the booze jittering in his glass. While Profane, dreamy, went on to tell of his nights with the Alligator Patrol, and how he'd hunted one pinto beast through Fairing's Parish; cornered and killed it in a chamber lit by some frightening radiance.
Carefully Stencil finished the whisky, cleaned out the glass with a handkerchief, set the glass on the table. He put on his overcoat.
"You going out for a doctor," Profane said into the pillow.
"Of sorts," Stencil said.
An hour later he was at Maijstral's.
"Don't wake her," Maijstral said. "Poor child. I'd never seen her cry."
"Nor have you seen Stencil cry," said Stencil, "but you may. Ex-priest. He has a soul possessed by the devil sleeping in his bed."
"Profane?" In an attempt at good humor: "We must get to Father A., he's a frustrated exorcist, always complaining about the lack of excitement."
"Aren't you a frustrated
exorcist?"
Maijstral frowned. "That's another Maijstral."
"She possesses him," Stencil whispered. "V."
"You are as sick."
"Please."
Maijstral opened the window and stepped out on the balcony. Valletta by nightlight looked totally uninhabited. "No," Maijstral said, "you wouldn't get what you wanted. What - if it were your world - would be necessary. One would have to exorcise the city, the island, every ship's crew on that Mediterranean. The continents, the world. Or the western part," as an afterthought. "We are western men."
Stencil shrank at the cold air moving in through the window.
"I'm not a priest. Don't try appealing to someone you've only known in a written confession. We do not walk ganged, Stencil, all our separate selves, like Siamese quintuplets or more. God knows how many Stencils have chased V. about the world."
"Fairing," Stencil croaked, "in whose
Parish Stencil was shot, preceded your Father Avalanche."
"I could have told you. Told you the name."
"But."
"Saw no advantage in making things worse."
Stencil's eyes narrowed. Maijstral turned, caught him looking cagy.
"Yes, yes. Thirteen of us rule the world in secret."
"Stencil went out of his way to bring Profane here. He should have been more careful; he wasn't. Is it really his own extermination he's after?"
Maijstral turned smiling to him. Gestured behind his back at the ramparts of Valletta. "Ask her," he whispered. "Ask the rock."
III
Two days later Maijstral arrived at the lodginghouse to find Profane lying dead drunk and slaunchwise on the bed. Afternoon sun illuminated a swathe of face in which every hair of a week's growth showed up separate and distinct. Profane's mouth was open, he was snoring and drooling and apparently enjoying himself.
Maijstral gave Profane's
forehead the back of his hand: fine. The fever had broken. But where was Stencil? No sooner asked than Maijstral saw the note. A cubist moth, alit forever on the gross heap of Profane's beer belly.
'A shipfitter named Aquilina has intelligence of one Mme. Viola, oneiromancer and hypnotist, who passed through Valletta in 1944. The glass eye went with her. Cassar's girl lied. V. used it for an hypnotic aid. Her destination, Stockholm. As is Stencil's. It will do for the frayed end of another clue. Dispose as you will of Profane. Stencil has no further need for any of you. Sahha.'
Maijstral looked around for booze. Profane had finished everything in the house.
"Swine."
Profane woke. "Wha."
Maijstral read him the note, Profane rolled out of bed and crawled to the window.
"What day is it." After a while: "Paola's gone too?"
"Last night."
"Leaving me. Well. How do you dispose of me."
"Lend you a fiver, to begin
with."
"Lend," roared Profane. "You ought to know better."
"I'll be back," said Maijstral.
That night Profane shaved, bathed, donned suede jacket, levis and big cowboy hat and went a-roving down Kingsway, looking for amusement. He found it in the form of one Brenda Wigglesworth, an American WASP who attended Beaver College and owned she said, 72 pairs of Bermuda shorts, half of which she had brought over to Europe back around June, at the beginning of a Grand Tour which bad then held high promise. High she had remained all the way across the Atlantic; high as the boat deck and mostly on sloe gin fizzes. The various lifeboats of this most underelict passage east were shared by a purser (summer job) from the academic flatlands of Jersey, who gave her an orange and black toy tiger, a pregnancy scare (hers only) and a promise to meet her in Amsterdam, somewhere behind the Five Flies. He'd not come: she came to herself - or at least to the inviolable Puritan she'd show
up as come marriage and the Good Life, someday soon now - in a bar's parking lot near a canal, filled with a hundred black bicycles: her junkyard, her own locust season. Skeletons, carapaces, no matter: her inside too was her outside and on she went, streak-blond, far-from-frail Brenda, along the Rhine, up and down the soft slopes of the wine districts, into the Tyrol and out into Tuscany, all in a rented Morris whose fuel pump clicked random and loud in times of stress; as did her camera, as did her heart.
Valletta was the end of another season and all her friends were long sailed back to the States. She was nearly out of money. Profane couldn't help her. She found him fascinating.
So over sloe gin fizzes for her which took tiny sweet bites out of Maijstral's five-pound note, and beer for Benny, they talked of how it was they had come this far and where they would go after Valletta, and it seemed there were Beaver and the Street for them separately to return to; and both agreed this was nowhere, but
some of us do go nowhere and can con ourselves into believing it to be somewhere: it is a kind of Talent, and objections to it are rare, but even at that captious.
That night between them they established at least that the world was screwed up. English Marines, Commandos and sailors who came by - going nowhere also - helped them believe it. Profane saw no Scaffold sailors and decided that since some of them must be clean-living enough to stay away from the Gut, the Scaffold too had left. It made him sadder: as if all his homes were temporary and even they, inanimate, still wandering as he: for motion is relative, and hadn't he, now, really stood there still on the sea like a schlemiel Redeemer, while that enormous malingering city and its one livable inner space and one unconnable (therefore hi-value) girl had all slid away from him over a great horizon's curve comprising, from this vantage, at once, at least one century's worth of wavelets?
"Don't be sad."
"Brenda, we're all sad."
"Benny,
we are." She laughed, raucous, having a low tolerance for sloe gin.
They went back to his place and she must have left him sometime during the night, in the dark. Profane was a heavy sleeper. He awoke alone in bed to the sound of forenoon traffic. Maijstral sat on the table, observing a plaid knee sock, the kind worn with Bermuda shorts, which was draped over the electric lamp hanging from the center of the ceiling.
"I have brought wine," said Maijstral.
"Good enough."
They went out to a café for breakfast, about two. "I have no intention of supporting you indefinitely," Maijstral said.
"I should get a job. Any road work in Malta?"
"They are building a grade intersection - an underground tunnel - at Portedes-Bombes. They also need men to plant trees along the roads."
"Road work and sewer work is all I know."
"Sewers? There's a new pumping station going up at Marsa."
"They hire aliens?"
"Possibly."
"Possibly,
then."
That evening Brenda wore paisley shorts and black socks. "I write poetry," she announced. They were at her place, a modest hotel near the great lift.
"Oh," said Profane.
"I am the twentieth century," she read. Profane rolled away and stared at the pattern in the rug.
"I am the ragtime and the tango; sans-serif, clean geometry. I am the virgin's-hair whip and the cunningly detailed shackles of decadent passion. I am every lonely railway station in every capital of Europe. I am the Street, the fanciless buildings of government; the café-dansant, the clockwork figure, the jazz saxophone; the tourist-lady's hairpiece, the fairy's rubber breasts, the traveling clock which always tells the wrong time and chimes in different keys. I am the dead palm tree, the Negro's dancing pumps, the dried fountain after tourist season. I am all the appurtenances of night."
"That sounds about right," said Profane.
"I don't know." She
made a paper airplane out of the poem and sailed it across the room on strata of her own exhaled smoke. "It's a phony college-girl poem. Things I've read for courses. Does it sound right?"
"Yes."
"You've done so much more. Boys do."
"What?"
"You've had all these fabulous experiences. I wish mine would show me something."
"Why."
"The experience, the experience. Haven't you learned?"
Profane didn't have to think long. "No," he said, "offhand, I'd say I haven't learned a goddamn thing."
They were quiet for a while. She said: "Let's take a walk."
Later, out in the street, near the sea steps she inexplicably took his hand and began to run. The buildings in this part of Valletta, eleven years after war's end, had not been rebuilt. The street, however, was level and clear. Hand in hand with Brenda whom he'd met yesterday, Profane ran down the street. Presently, sudden and in
silence, all illumination in Valletta, houselight and streetlight, was extinguished. Profane and Brenda continued to run through the abruptly absolute night, momentum alone carrying them toward the edge of Malta, and the Mediterranean 