

Um, excuse me, mister, but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special, the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego there so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime, brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search Of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man, I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder
Than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada but let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named my album "Cherry Bomb" because "Greatest Hits" sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules
She said that I must, I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk; "Who's in charge of this Golf shit?"
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant
And who I are isn't really impartant
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick."
It's young T
See Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also like
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
You better pose, boy, you better pose
And it's your life, nigga, I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now your face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga, you ask for this life

Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun, I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the 

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a nineteen year old fuckin' emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted tellin' people he's bumpin' all of my shit
These motherfuckers think I'm supposed to live up to somethin'? Shit
I'm still jackin' off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy 'cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (As you should)
From Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked (Yeah)
Now competition missin' like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (That's not your fault)
But that's a whole fuckin' different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple Hot Pockets and grandma could stop cookin'
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?
See Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also like
Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual
Okay, you guys caught me
I'm not a fuckin' rapist or a serial killer, I lied
You know, you— you just want attention, you'll be fine
I try too hard, huh?
No, you don't

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
'Cause I'm too fuckin' ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve 'cause of you ('Cause of you)
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make Parade or Inglorious
'Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fuckin' feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissin' waiver (Here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they feel the flavor
So um, ah, shit
Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothin', livin' out his dreams?
Why they gotta fuckin' hate?
I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature
Everyone loves you, Tyler, you have to believe that
I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fuckin' busy
I can barely kickflip now
Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time when you're at home?
What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doin'?
I have, I mean, you're a great person
I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?

People excited, thinkin' shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blastin' off? (No)
Fuck that, (That's gay) These niggas ain't fuckin' with me
'Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (I love that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it (They don't, it's not made for them)
'Cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rappin', it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him
It is, but Tyler, you're gonna have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a, that's a bad—
I'm not homophobic
I mean, I don't think you are, but—
Faggot
Alright, well, since the last time we—
The fuck is a good performance?
I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can
I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun
But your Twitter posts, just, I mean, they're really random and it's ADD
Who doesn't have ADD? Well, I don't
I mean, sometimes you just say really outlandish things
And we just wanna know, what's the problem for this?
I wish Thebe was here

Therapy's been sinnin' and niggas getting offended
They don't wanna fuck with me 'cause I do not fuck with religion (Why?)
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed 'cause some white kid had aimed (What?)
His AK-47 at forty-seven kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men— I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you)
College wasn't workin' and I wasn't workin'
So I was at home jerkin' off until my dick was hurtin'
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
'Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you, you—)
Now I'm livin' dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother somethin' on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I, I—)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doin' pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doin' pretty good, I've seen that—)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fuckin' show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fuckin' life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playin' when I say I need counselin'
I sit in grandmother's livin' room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes, I just wanna die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gon' take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em (I believe you)
All you fuckin' lames don't have to like me (Yeah)
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fuckin' white tee

Woah, um, alright, uh, so you was tellin' me you went to New 

Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando, selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I looked in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o
Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat just like the kick and the snare (Ayo)
ScHoolyboy is my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy not that bad, eh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, and the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We blackout, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy, man (What?)
Been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to a Dodger
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't, bitch, I'm a problem (A problem)
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin (Yeah)
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo (Yeah, uh)
Brim low, mind motherfucking been gone
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow (Nigga)
See Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also like
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned-ed
Twenty-three with a crib, and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
"Is that diamonds on your neck?" Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw (Skrrt!), Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals (Yeah, nigga!)
Boy, I'm a sicko, Flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that (Damn)
(Man, he- he really took the store)

Crack a cracker with a barrel, uh (Yeah)
Gang bang tattoos, this ain't a Louis rag (Rag)
My Orange Paisley got me crip crazy (Uh, what's up, cuz?)
Pants heavy, sag to the left with the belt strapped (Strapped)
No face mask, nigga, just toe tags (Bah, bah, bah!)
Still, the blunts getting passed, yeah (Bah!)
Ain't worried 'bout no niggas (Nigga)
I don't grieve over suckers (Suckers)
Gunpowder on my knuckles (Knuckle)
Call the ambulances (Ambulances)
I'm from the era of crip walking (Walking)
You was clown-dancing (Yeah)
You wanna be me, huh? (Huh?)
Cuz is wack in his raps and what he rap, he ain't done (Woah)
It's Top Dawg, Wolf Gang, smell the cat on your tongue (Yeah)
Pussyboy, you fucked over, nigga, control your gums (Uh)
Teeth missing, moms' won't recognize your face when it's lump, woo
My square homie's license, double life in my trunk (Woo)
Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs (Nigga)
Got a strike on my record, double cups, and duck (Yeah, yeah)
You want the life like us, you need to crip that coast (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You want to steer that wheel, you want to smoke that kill (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Well, who am I?

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level above all of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card

I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?
I'm special, nigga

They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'ma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind but who the one that got the weap' at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga, I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded like a papaya
And you know I golf, bitch, like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody, woody, my mob, mob is goodie, we Oddkast
We O-K-K-K just like the clan hoodie
Golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I gotta to tear the shit up out of this goddamn house
I think that I'ma blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, 

Hey, you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'? (Yeah, nigga)
Supposed to fly and take control 'cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta

Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil' nigga, the world is yours, birdy)
We can go down to the rainbows (Go down, rainbows)
Don't let your high keep your brain low (Don't let your high)
You're a bird (You're a bird)
You're supposed to fly away (Fly away)
The way you stand there (Stand there)
Don't let your wings go to waste (Go to waste)
When the sky is your home, be free
Be free (Free)
Free, free, yeahSee Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also 

'Cause, girl, you're perfect, but you're too fuckin' young (For me, uh)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up (No)
And, girl, you stole my heart, but you're too fuckin' young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love (Oh my God)

A six-year difference, uh
Is a ten year sentence
And with the pigment on my skin
I don't want to be another statistic
You bring me joy, joy, joy, joy
And you fill a void that was once missing
And I can say I'm in love
See Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also like
There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, because

'Cause, girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up (Woo!)
And, girl, you stole my heart, but you're too fuckin' young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love (Oh my God, yo)

When you're thirty-five, I'll be forty-one (But you're too young)
And when I'm twenty-seven, you'll be twenty-one, yo, this is dumb
And when that time comes for that 1-8, I'll probably run (But I know that you're the one)
'Cause I'm fucking terrified, yo, this is dumb, you should find someone else
I'm not the one for you, shit, I'm still growing up by myself (I know that you're too young)
And mentally, you're older than me, and that shit doesn't help
'Cause if they see you with T, they'll think T needs some help (But I know that you're the one)
So when you mention "hang", I'm thinking 'bout a tree and a belt
And I don't want no relation, shit no relation- (I know that you're too young)
Ship when my dick is longer than my attention- (But I know that you're the one)
Span, it's gonna suck if shit hits that kitchen fan
And splatter on me like my dick in my hand
What? I'm still fucking off, not good at ducking off (I know that you're too young)
Because I found a goose that I like, but I'm still running off
She gon' want a nest, that's why I cannot get fucking caught (But I know that you're the one)
That's a scary word, you could save that shit for the birds, um
But I found my wings, fuck (I know)
But you're too fucking young
I really like you
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
I don't know what to do
And, girl, you stole my heart, but you're too fucking young
Funny thing about this is, by the time you hear this
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love (Oh my God)
It won't even matter, I'll be in the clear, haha
It's T and Uncle Charlie!
But you're too young
But you're too young
But you're too young, ha

Boy, I know that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared
Boy, I know that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared (I know)

I know that there could be
Somethin' for you and me
What's your philosophy?
You're scared, scared
And I'll exit and wait a while
Just say the word, girl
Can't you see the answers are all there?
But I'm just too blind to see
You and I are cut from different fabric
I wanna rock, I wanna rock with you, girl
Don't be too material to see
But I'm just too blind to see
Somehow, this world is such a struggle just to be
Fuck 'em all, baby, it's just you and me
But you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin’ hurts
Fuck, 'cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one
That you're the one for me
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me, yeah, haha

I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I 

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (Haha)
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (Hey)
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (Haha)

Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn
See Tyler, The Creator LiveGet tickets as low as $86You might also like
Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again, another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit


Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, roll a blunt
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, roll a blunt

Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil B, nigga (Fuck!)
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
The difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel
55 grams in that blunt, nigga
I face that
Just copped that motherfucker bimmer, nigga
I race that
Keep talking that shit
I'll pull your card
Get chipped like that nigga from Stomp The Yard
Don't fuck with Jasper
He a retard
Kill your motherfucking grandma and have your family scarred

Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-
Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers
Bimmers for days
White bitches is slaves
Niggas ain't with that warfare
My goons got aim
100 racks before 18
200 'fore I hit 6 feet
Nigga, we 'bout it 'bout it
Yo bitch try to suck my dick
Holding up my chain
Versace Flocka Flame
Pull up in the tank
Cock back and aim (Ouch)
Spitting my verse wearing gold fangs
I'm loading up the nine shouting Golf Wang
Your bitch tattoo
It say my name
Sachee Santana
Nigga bird gang
Supreme team
Seventh veil
Paying all these ratchet's
(Phone bills) Phone bills
Bills, bills, bills...

(What) Yeah
Y'all niggas thought it was a game
We shutting the motherfucking shit down now nigga
It's over for you bitch niggas
I'm here with my nigga nasty Nak', Mr. Versace
Wolf Haley in this motherfucker
Jasper The Motherfucking Dolphin
And my nigga, Mike G
We taking this shit over
Its shut down for you bitch niggas
I got the Tec
I'm bustin' at y'all bitches heads nigga
Fuck all you niggas
It's getting hot in here

Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click 
(What the fuck was 
1 ContributorThis is Tyler, The Creator Lyrics1. Tyler, The Creator - See You Again (feat. Kali Uchis)
2. Tyler, The Creator - EARFQUAKE
3. Brent Faiyaz & DJ Dahi - Gravity (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
4. Kali Uchis - After The Storm (feat. Tyler, The Creator & Bootsy Collins)
5. Tyler, The Creator - BEST INTEREST
6. Tyler, The Creator - GONE, GONE / THANK YOU
7. Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky - Potato Salad
8. Tyler, The Creator - Boredom (feat. Rex Orange County & Anna of The North)
9. Frank Ocean, JAY-Z & Tyler, The Creator - Biking
10. Tyler, The Creator - I THINK
11. Lil Yachty & Tierra Whack - T.D (feat. A$AP Rocky & Tyler, The Creator)
12. Tyler, The Creator - 911 / Mr. Lonely (feat. Frank Ocean & Steve Lacy)
13. Tyler, The Creator - IFHY (ft. Pharrell Williams)
14. Tyler, The Creator -  A BOY IS A GUN*
15. Tyler, The Creator - She (feat. Frank Ocean)
16. Tyler, The Creator - Glitter
17. Tyler, The Creator - FUCKING YOUNG / PERFECT (feat. Charlie Wilson, Chaz Bundick, Syd & Kali Uchis)
18. Tyler, The Creator - NEW MAGIC WAND
19. The Internet - Palace/Curse (feat. Steve Lacy & Tyler, The Creator)
20. Tyler, The Creator - Where This Flower Blooms (feat. Frank Ocean)
21. GoldLink - U Say (feat. Tyler, The Creator & Jay Prince)
22. Tyler, The Creator - RUNNING OUT OF TIME
23. Tyler, The Creator - SMUCKERS (feat. Kanye West & Lil Wayne)
24. Tyler, The Creator - Who Dat Boy (feat. A$AP Rocky)
25. Westside Gunn, Joey Bada$$ & Tyler, The Creator - 327
26. Tyler, The Creator - Answer
27. Tyler, The Creator - Yonkers
28. Freddie Gibbs & The Alchemist - Something to Rap About (feat. Tyler, The Creator)
29. Tyler, The Creator - OKRA
30. Pusha T & Tyler, The Creator - Trouble On My Mind
31. Tyler, The Creator - Colossus
32. A$AP Mob - Telephone Calls (feat. A$AP Rocky, Tyler, The Creator, Playboi Carti & Yung Gleesh)
33. The Game, Lil Wayne & Tyler, The Creator - Martians Vs Goblins
34. Tyler, The Creator - Peach Fuzz
35. Tyler, The Creator - Tamale
36. Tyler, The Creator - 2SEATER (feat. Aaron Shaw, Samantha Nelson & Austin Feinstein
37. Tyler, The Creator - Tell Me How (Coca-Cola Commercial)
38. PartyIsntOver/Campfire/Bimmer (feat. Frank Ocean & Laetitia Sadier)
39. Tyler, The Creator - FIND YOUR WINGS (feat. Roy Ayers, Syd & Kali Uchis)
40. Tyler, The Creator - Domo23You might also 