


You break this, I'll break all that
You break my balls with all your crap
Spread your disease like lemmings breeding
That's what makes us humans being

Shine on, shine on
Shine on, shine on




Yeah, some low-life, flat-head scum infects
The sickness in his eyes reflects
You wonder why your life is screaming
Wonder why we're humans being
You might also like
Shine on, shine on
Shine on, shine on


Humans, humans being
We're just humans (That's what makes us)
Humans being (That's what makes us)
We're just humans (That's what makes us)
Humans being (That's what makes us)
We're just humans (That's what makes us)
Humans being (That's what makes us)
Humans being!
We're just humans (That's what makes us)
Humans being (That's what makes us)
Humans 

When the Wazir Dandan had finished his reciting, he wept with sore weeping and the tears rained from his eyes like cushioned pearls. Then came forward one who had been of Sharrkan's boon companions in his cups and he wept till ran in rills the drops, and he enumerated the dead man's generous qualities, reciting the following pentastichs,

"Where gone is Bounty since thy hand is turned to clay? * And I
             in misery lie since thou west ta'en away.
See'st not, O litter guide (Heaven keep thee glad and
             gay!), * How tears adorn my cheeks, these furrowed wrinkles
             fray?
                        A sight to joy shine eyes and fill thee with
                        dismay.
By Allah ne'er this heart within I spoke of thee; * Ah no! nor
             dared my sight to see thy brilliancy:
Save that my tear drops sorest wound have garred me dree * Yea!
             and if e'er on other rest these eyne of me,
                        May yearning draw their reins nor suffer sleep to see."

And when the man stinted reciting, Zau al-Makan and the Minister Dandan wept and the whole army was moved to tears; after which all retired to their tents, and the King turning to the Wazir took counsel with him concerning the conduct of the campaign. On this wise the two passed days and nights, while Zau al-Makan was weighed down with grief and mourning till at last he said, "I long to hear stories and adventures of Kings and tales of lover folk enslaved by love; haply Allah may make this to solace that which is on my heart of heavy anxiety, and stint and stay my weeping and wailing." Quoth the Wazir, "If naught can dispel thy trouble but hearing curious tales of Kings and people long gone before and stories of folk enslaved by love of yore, and so forth, this thing were easy, for I had no other business, in the lifetime of thy father (who hath found mercy) than to relate stories and to repeat verses to him. This very night I will tell thee a tale of a lover and his beloved, so shall thy breast be broadened." When Zau al-Makan heard these words from the Minister, his heart was set upon that which had been promised to him and he did nothing but watch for the coming of the night, that he might hear what the Wazir Dandan had to tell of the Kings of yore and distracted lovers long gone before. And hardly would he believe that night had fallen ere he bade light the wax candles and the lamps and bring all that was needful of meat and drink and perfume gear, and what not; and when all was in presence, he summoned the Wazir Dandan, and the Emirs Rustam and Bahram and Tarkash and the Grand Chamberlain; then waited till the whole party was seated before him; whereupon he turned to the Minister and said, "Know, O Wazir, that night is come and hath let down over us its veil of gloom, and we desire that thou tell us those tales which thou promisedst us." Replied the Wazir, "With joy and good will."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Zau Al-Makan summoned the Wazir and the Chamberlain and Rustam and Bahram, he turned towards the Minister Dandan and said, "Know, O Wazir, that night is come and hath let down over us its veil of gloom, and we desire that thou tell us those tales which thou promisedst us." Replied the Wazir, "With love and gladness! Know, O auspicious King, that there reached my ears a relation of a lover and a loved one and of the discourse between them and what befel them of things rare and fair, a story such as repelleth care from the heart and dispelleth sorrow like unto that of the patriarch Jacob; and it is as follows":
Footnotes:

 This knightly tale, the longest in the Nights (xliv.— cxlv.), about one-eighth of the whole, does not appear in the Bres. Edit. Lane, who finds it "objectionable," reduces it to two of its episodes, Azíz-cum-Azízah and Táj al-Mulúk. On the other hand it has been converted into a volume (8vo, pp. 240) "Scharkan, Conte Arabe," etc. Traduit par M. Asselan Riche, etc. Paris: Dondey-Dupré. 1829. It has its longueurs and at times is longsome enough; but it is interesting as a comparison between the chivalry of Al-Islam and European knight-errantry. Although all the characters are fictitious the period is evidently in the early crusading days. Cæsarea, the second capital of Palestine, taken during the Caliphate of Omar (A.H. 19) and afterwards recovered, was fortified in A.H. 353 = 963 as a base against the Arabs by the Emperor Phocas, the Arab. "Nakfúr" i.e. Nicephorus. In A.H. 498=1104, crusading craft did much injury by plundering merchantmen between Egypt and Syria, to which allusion is found in the romance. But the story teller has not quite made up his mind about which Cæsarea he is talking, and M. Riche tells us that Césarée is a "ville de la Mauritanie, en Afrique" (p. 20).
 The fifth Ommiade Caliph reign. A.H. 65-86 = 685-704.
 This does not merely mean that no one was safe from his wrath: or, could approach him in the heat of fight: it is a reminiscence of the masterful "King Kulayb," who established game-laws in his dominions and would allow no man to approach his camp-fire. Moreover the Jinn lights a fire to decoy travellers, but if his victim be bold enough to brave him, he invites him to take advantage of the heat.
 China.
 The Jaxartes and the Bactrus (names very loosely applied).
 In full "Sharrun kána" i.e. an evil (Sharr) has come to being (kána) that is, "bane to the foe" a pagan and knightly name. The hero of the Romance "Al-Dalhamah" is described as a bitter gourd (colocynth), a viper, a calamity.
 This is a Moslem law (Koran chaps. iv. bodily borrowed from the Talmud) which does not allow a man to marry one wife unless he can carnally satisfy her. Moreover he must distribute his honours equally and each wife has a right to her night unless she herself give it up. This was the case even with the spouses of the Prophet; and his biography notices several occasions when his wives waived their rights in favour of one another M. Riche kindly provides the King with la piquante francaise (p. 15).
 So the celebrated mosque in Stambul, famed for being the largest church in the world is known to the Greeks as "Agia (pron. Aya) Sophia" and to Moslems as "Aye Sofíyeh" (Holy Wisdom) i.e. the Logos or Second Person of the Trinity (not a Saintess). The sending a Christian girl as a present to a Moslem would, in these days, be considered highly scandalous. But it was done by the Mukaukis or Coptic Governor of Egypt (under Heraclius) who of course hated the Greeks. This worthy gave two damsels to Mohammed; one called Sírín and the other Máriyah (Maria) whom the Prophet reserved for his especial use and whose abode is still shown at Al-Medinah. The Rev. Doctor Badger (loc. cit. p. 972) gives the translation of an epistle by Mohammed to this Mukaukis, written in the Cufic character ( ? ?) and sealed "Mohammed, The Apostle of Allah." My friend seems to believe that it is an original, but upon this subject opinions will differ. It is, however, exceedingly interesting, beginning with "Bismillah," etc., and ending (before the signature) with a quotation from the Koran (iii. 57); and it may be assumed as a formula addressee to foreign potentates by a Prophet who had become virtually "King of Arabia."
 This prayer before "doing the deed of kind" is, I have said, Moslem as well Christian.
 Exodus i. 16, quoted by Lane (M. E., chaps. xxvii.).
Torrens in his Notes cites Drayton's "Moon-calf':—
            Bring forth the birth-stool—no, let it alone;
            She is so far beyond all compass grown,
            Some other new device us needs must stead,
            Or else she never can be brought to bed.
It is the "groaning-chair" of Poor Robin's Almanac (1676) and we find it alluded to in Boccaccio, the classical sedile which according to scoffers has formed the papal chair (a curule seat) ever since the days of Pope Joan, when it has been held advisable for one of the Cardinals to ascertain that His Holiness possesses all the instruments of virility. This "Kursí al-wiládah" is of peculiar form on which the patient is seated. A most interesting essay might be written upon the various positions preferred during delivery, e.g. the wild Irish still stand on all fours, like the so-called "lower animals." Amongst the Moslems of Waday, etc., a cord is hung from the top of the hut, and the woman in labour holds on to it standing with her legs apart, till the midwife receives the child.
 Some Orientalists call "lullilooing" the trilling cry, which is made by raising the voice to its highest pitch and breaking it by a rapid succession of touches on the palate with the tongue-tip, others "Ziraleet" and Zagaleet, and one traveller tells us that it began at the marriage-festival of Isaac and Rebecca (!). Arabs term it classically "Tahlíl" and vulgarly "Zaghrutah" (Plur. Zaghárit) and Persians "Kil." Finally in Don Quixote we have "Lelilies," the battle-cry of the Moors (Duffield iii. 289). Dr. Buchanan likens it to a serpent uttering human sounds, but the good missionary heard it at the festival of Jagannath. (Pilgrimage iii. 197 )
 i.e. "Light of the Place" (or kingdom) and "Delight of the
Age."
 It is utterly absurd to give the old heroic Persian name Afridun or Furaydun, the destroyer of Zohák or Zahhák to a Greek, but such anachronisms are characteristic of The Nights and are evidently introduced on purpose. See Boccaccio, ix. 9.
 Arab. "Yunán" lit. Ionia, which applies to all Greece, insular and continental, especially to ancient Greece.
 In 1870 I saw at Sidon a find of some hundreds of gold
"Philippi" and "Alexanders."
 M. Riche has (p. 21), "Ces talismans travaillés par le ciseau du célèbre Califaziri," adding in a note, "Je pense que c'est un sculpteur Arabe."
 This periphrase, containing what seems to us a useless negative, adds emphasis in Arabic.
 This bit of geographical information is not in the Bull
Edit.
 In Pers. = a tooth, the popular word.
 This preliminary move, called in Persian Nakl-i Safar, is generally mentioned. So the Franciscan monks in California, when setting out for a long journey through the desert, marched three times round the convent and pitched tents for the night under its walls.
 In Arab. "Khazinah" or "Khaznah" lit. a treasure, representing 1,000 "Kís" or purses (each=£5). The sum in the text is 7,000 purses X 5=£35,000.
 Travellers often prefer such sites because they are sheltered from the wind, and the ground is soft for pitching tents; but many have come to grief from sudden torrents following rain.
 Arab "Ghábah" not a forest in our sense of the word, but a place where water sinks and the trees (mostly Mimosas), which elsewhere are widely scattered, form a comparatively dense growth and collect in thickets. These are favourite places for wild beasts during noon-heats.
 At various times in the East Jews and Christians were ordered to wear characteristic garments, especially the Zunnár or girdle.
 The description is borrowed from the Coptic Convent, which invariably has an inner donjon or keep. The oldest monastery in the world is Mar Antonios (St. Anthony the Hermit) not far from Suez. (Gold Mines of Midian, p. 85.)
 "Dawáhí," plur. of Dáhiyah = a mishap. The title means "Mistress of Misfortunes" or Queen of Calamities (to the enemy); and the venerable lady, as will be seen, amply deserved her name, which is pronounced Zát al-Dawáhí.
 Arab. "Kunfuz"=hedgehog or porcupine.
 These flowers of speech are mere familiarities, not insults. In societies where the sexes are separated speech becomes exceedingly free. "Étourdie que vous êtes," says M. Riche, toning down the text.
 Arab. "Zirt," a low word. The superlative "Zarrát" (fartermost) or, "Abu Zirt" (Father of farts) is a facetious term among the bean-eating Fellahs and a deadly insult amongst the Badawin (Night ccccx.). The latter prefer the word Taggáa (Pilgrimage iii. 84). We did not disdain the word in farthingale=pet en air.
 Arab. "kicked" him, i.e. with the sharp corner of the shovel-stirrup. I avoid such expressions as "spurring" and "pricking over the plain," because apt to give a wrong idea.
 Arab. "Allaho Akbar!" the classical Moslem slogan.
 Arab horses are never taught to leap, so she was quite safe on the other side of a brook nine feet broad.
 "Batrík" (vulg. Bitrík)=patricius, a title given to
Christian knights who commanded ten thousand men; the Tarkhan (or
Nobb) heading four thousand, and the Kaumas (Arab. Káid) two
hundred. It must not be confounded with Batrak (or
Batrik)=patriarcha. (Lane's Lex.)
 Arab. "Kázi al-Kuzát," a kind of Chief Justice or Chancellor. The office wag established under the rule of Harun al Rashid, who so entitled Abú Yúsuf Ya'akab al-Ansári: therefore the allusion is anachronistic. The same Caliph also caused the Olema to dress as they do still.
 The allusion is Koranic: "O men, if ye be in doubt concerning the resurrection, consider that He first created you of the dust of the ground (Adam), afterwards of seed" (chaps. xxii.). But the physiological ideas of the Koran are curious. It supposes that the Mani or male semen is in the loins and that of women in the breast bone (chaps Ixxxvi.); that the mingled seed of the two (chaps. Ixxvi.) fructifies the ovary and that the child is fed through the navel with menstruous blood, hence the cessation of the catamenia. Barzoi (Kalilah and Dímnah) says:— "Man's seed, falling into the woman's womb, is mixed with her seed and her blood: when it thickens and curdles the Spirit moves it and it turns about like liquid cheese; then it solidifies, its arteries are formed, its limbs constructed and its joints distinguished. If the babe is a male, his face is placed towards his mother's back; if a female, towards her belly." (P. 262, Mr. L G.N. Keith- Falconer's translation.) But there is a curious prolepsis of the spermatozoa-theory. We read (Koran chaps. vii.), "Thy Lord drew forth their posterity from the loins of the sons of Adam;" and the commentators say that Allah stroked Adam's back and extracted from his loins all his posterity, which shall ever be, in the shape of small ants; these confessed their dependence on God and were dismissed to return whence they came." From this fiction it appears (says Sale) that the doctrine of pre-existence is not unknown to the Mohammedans, and there is some little conformity between it and the modern theory of generatio ex animalculis in semine marium. The poets call this Yaum-i-Alast = the Day of Am-I-not (-your Lord)? which Sir William Jones most unhappily translated "Art thou not with thy Lord ?" (Alasta bi Rabbi- kum); fand they produce a grand vision of unembodied spirits appearing in countless millions before their Creator.
 The usual preliminary of a wrestling bout.
 In Eastern wrestling this counts as a fair fail. So Ajax fell on his back with Ulysses on his breast. (Iliad xxxii., 700, etc.)
 So biting was allowed amongst the Greeks in the , the final struggle on the ground.
 Supposed to be names of noted wrestlers. "Kayim" (not El-Kim as Torrens has it) is a term now applied to a juggler or "professor" of legerdemain who amuses people in the streets with easy tricks. (Lane, M. E., chaps. xx.)
 Lit. "laughed in his face" which has not the unpleasant meaning it bears in English.
 Arab. "Abu riyáh"=a kind of child's toy. It is our "bull-roarer" well known in Australia and parts of Africa.
 The people of the region south of the Caspian which is called "Sea of Daylam." It has a long history; for which see D'Herbelot, s.v. "Dilem."
 Coptic convents in Egypt still affect these drawbridges over the keep-moat.
 Koran iv., xxii. etc., meaning it is lawful to marry women taken in war after the necessary purification although their husbands be still living. This is not permitted with a free woman who is a True Believer. I have noted that the only concubine slave-girl mentioned in the Koran are these "captives possessed by the right hand."
 The Amazonian dame is a favourite in folk-lore and is an ornament to poetry from the Iliad to our modern day. Such heroines, apparently unknown to the Pagan Arabs, were common in the early ages of Al-Islam as Ockley and Gibbon prove, and that the race is not extinct may be seen in my Pilgrimage (iii. 55) where the sister of Ibn Rumi resolved to take blood revenge for her brother.
 And Solomon said, "O nobles, which of you will bring me her throne ?" A terrible genius (i.e. an If rit of the Jinn named Dhakwan or the notorious Sakhr) said, " I will bring it unto thee before thou arise from thy seat (of justice); for I am able to perform it, and may be trusted" (Koran, xxvii. 38-39). Balkís or Bilkís (says the Durrat al-Ghawwás) daughter of Hozád bin Sharhabíl, twenty-second in the list of the rulers of Al- Yaman, according to some murdered her husband, and became, by Moslem ignorance, the Biblical " Queen of Sheba." The Abyssinians transfer her from Arabian Saba to Ethiopia and make her the mother by Solomon of Menelek, their proto-monarch; thus claiming for their royalties an antiquity compared with which all reigning houses in the world are of yesterday. The dates of the Tabábi'ah or Tobbas prove that the Bilkis of history ruled Al-Yaman in the early Christian era.
 Arab. "Fass," fiss or fuss; the gem set in a ring; also applied to a hillock rounded en cabochon. In The Nights it is used to signify "a fine gem."
 This prominence of the glutæi muscles is always insisted upon, because it is supposed to promise well in a bed-fellow. In Somali land where the people are sub- steatopygous, a rich young man, who can afford such luxury, will have the girls drawn up in line and choose her to wife who projects furthest behind
 The "bull" is only half mine.
 A favourite Arab phrase, the "hot eye" is one full of tears.
 i.e., "Coral," coral branch, a favourite name for a slave-girl, especially a negress. It is the older "Morgiana." I do not see why Preston in Al-Haríni's "Makamah (Séance) of Singar" renders it pearls, because Golius gives "small pearls," when it is evidently "coral." Richardson (Dissert. xlviii.) seems to me justified in finding the Pari (fairy) Marjan of heroic Persian history reflected in the Fairy Morgain who earned off King Arthur after the battle of Camelon.
 Arab. "'Ud Jalaki"=Jalak or Jalik being a poetical and almost obsolete name of Damascus.
 The fountain in Paradise whose water shall be drunk with "pure" wine mixed and sealed with musk (for clay). It is so called because it comes from the "Sanam" (Sanima, to be high) boss or highest ridge of the Moslem Heaven (Koran lv. 78 and lxxxiii. 27). Mr. Rodwell says "it is conveyed to the highest apartments in the Pavilions of Paradise." (?)
 This "hysterical" temperament is not rare even amongst the bravest Arabs.
 An idea evidently derived from the Æolipyla (olla animatoria) the invention of Hero Alexandrinus, which showed that the ancient Egyptians could apply the motive force of steam.
 Kuthayyir ibn Abi Jumah, a poet and far-famed Ráwí or Tale-reciter, mentioned by Ibn Khallikan he lived at Al-Medinah and sang the attractions of one Azzah, hence his soubriquet Sáhib (lover of) Azzah. As he died in A. H. 105 (=726), his presence here is a gross anachronism the imaginary Sharrkan flourished before the Caliphate of Abd al-Malik bin Marwán A. H. 65-86.
 Jamíl bin Ma'amar, a poet and lover contemporary with
Al-Kuthayrir.
 Arab. "Tafazzal," a word of frequent use in conversation="favour me," etc.
 The word has a long history. From the Gr. or is the Lat. stibium; while the Low Latin "antimonium" and the Span. Althimod are by metathesis for Al-Ithmid. The dictionaries define the substance as a stone from which antimony is prepared, but the Arabs understand a semi-mythical mineral of yellow colour which enters into the veins of the eyes and gives them Iynx-like vision. The famous Anz nicknamed Zarká (the blue eyed) of Yamámah (Province) used it; and, according to some, invented Kohl. When her (protohistoric) tribe Jadis had destroyed all the rival race of Tasm, except Ribáh ibn Murrah; the sole survivor fled to the Tobba of Al-Yaman, who sent a host to avenge him. The king commanded his Himyarites to cut tree-boughs and use them as screens (again Birnam wood). Zarká from her Utum, or peel-tower, saw the army three marches off and cried, "O folk, either trees or Himyar are coming upon you!" adding, in Rajaz verse:—
I swear by Allah that trees creep onward, or that Himyar beareth somewhat which he draweth along!
She then saw a man mending his sandal. But Jadis disbelieved; Cassandra was slain and, when her eyes were cut out the vessels were found full of Ithmid. Hence Al-Mutanabbi sang:
"Sharper-sighted than Zarká of Jau" (Yamámah).
See C. de Perceval i. 101; Arab. Prov. i. 192; and Chenery p. 381.
(The Assemblies of Al-Hariri; London, Williams and Norgate, 1867).
I have made many enquiries into the true nature of Ithmid and
failed to learn anything: on the Upper Nile the word is=Kohl.
 The general colour of chessmen in the East, where the game is played on a cloth more often than a board.
 Arab. "Al-fil," the elephant=the French fol or fou and our bishop. I have derived "elephant" from Píl (old Persian, Sansk. Pilu) and Arab. Fil, with the article Al-Fil, whence the Greek the suffix—as being devoted to barbarous words as Obod-as (Al Ubayd), Aretas (Al-Háris), etc. Mr. Isaac Taylor (The Alphabet i. 169), preserves the old absurdity of "eleph-ant or ox-like (!) beast of Africa." Prof. Sayce finds the word al-ab (two distinct characters) in line 3, above the figure of an (Indian) elephant, on the black obelisk of Nimrod Mound, and suggests an Assyrian derivation.
 Arab. "Shaukat" which may also mean the "pride" or "mainstay" (of the army).
 Lit. "smote him on the tendons of his neck." This is the famous shoulder-cut (Tawash shuh) which, with the leg-cut (Kalam), formed, and still forms, the staple of Eastern attack with the sword.
 Arab. "Dirás." Easterns do not thresh with flails. The material is strewed over a round and smoothed floor of dried mud in the open air and threshed by different connivances. In Egypt the favourite is a chair-like machine called "Norag," running on iron plates and drawn by bulls or cows over the corn. Generally, however, Moslems prefer the old classical , the Tribulum of Virgil and Varro, a slipper-shaped sled of wood garnished on the sole with large-headed iron nails, or sharp fragments of flint or basalt. Thus is made the "Tibn" or straw, the universal hay of the East, which our machines cannot imitate.
 These numbers appear to be grossly exaggerated, but they were possible in the days of sword and armour: at the battle of Saffayn the Caliph Ali is said to have cut down five hundred and twenty-three men in a single night.
 Arab. "Bika'á": hence the "Buka'ah" or Clesyria.
 Richardson in his excellent dictionary (note 103) which modern priggism finds "unscientific " wonderfully derives this word from Arab. "Khattáf," a snatcher (i.e. of women), a ravisher. It is an evident corruption of "captivus" through Italian and French
 These periodical and fair-like visitations to convents are still customary; especially amongst the Christians of Damascus.
 Camphor being then unknown.
 The "wrecker" is known all over the world; and not only barbarians hold that ships driven ashore become the property of the shore
 Arab. "Jokh": it is not a dictionary word, but the only term in popular use for European broadcloth.
 The second person plural is used because the writer would involve the subjects of his correspondent in the matter.
 This part of the phrase, which may seem unnecessary to the European, is perfectly intelligible to all Orientalists. You may read many an Eastern letter and not understand it. Compare Boccacoo iv. 1.
 i.e. he was greatly agitated
 In text "Li-ajal a al-Taudi'a," for the purpose of farewelling, a low Egyptianism; emphatically a "Kalám wáti." (Pilgrimage thee iii. 330.)
 In the Mac. Edit. Sharrkan speaks, a clerical error.
 The Farsakh (Germ. Stunde) a measure of time rather than distance, is an hour's travel or its equivalent, a league, a meile=three English stat. miles. The word is still used in Persia its true home, but not elsewhere. It is very old, having been determined as a lineal measure of distance by Herodotus (ii. 5 and 6 ; v. 53), who computes it at 30 furlongs (=furrow-lengths, 8 to the stat. mile). Strabo (xi.) makes it range from 40 to 60 stades (each=606 feet 9 inches), and even now it varies between 1,500 to 6,000 yards. Captain Francklin (Tour to Persia) estimates it = about four miles. (Pilgrimage ii. 113.)
 Arab. "Ashhab." Names of colours are few amongst semi civilised peoples, but in Arabia there is a distinct word for every shade of horseflesh.
 She had already said to him "Thou art beaten in everything!"
 Showing that she was still a Christian.
 This is not Badawi sentiment: the honoratioren amongst wild people would scorn such foul play; but amongst the settled Arabs honour between men and women is unknown and such "hocussing" would be held quite fair.
 The table of wine, in our day, is mostly a japanned tray with glasses and bottles, saucers of pickles and fruits and, perhaps, a bunch of flowers and aromatic herbs. During the Caliphate the "wine-service" was on a larger scale.
 Here the "Bhang" (almost a generic term applied to hellebore, etc.) may be hyoscyamus or henbane. Yet there are varieties of Cannabis, such as the Dakha of South Africa capable of most violent effect. I found the use of the drug well known to the negroes of the Southern United States and of the Brazil, although few of their owners had ever heard of it.
 Amongst Moslems this is a reference to Adam who first "sinned against himself,' and who therefore is called " Safíyu'llah," the Pure of Allah. (Pilgrimage iii. 333.)
 Meaning, an angry, violent man.
 Arab. "Inshád," which may mean reciting the verse of another or improvising one's own. In Modern Egypt "Munshid" is the singer or reciter of poetry at Zikrs (Lane M. E. chaps. xxiv.). Here the verses are quite bad enough to be improvised by the hapless Princess.
 The negro skin assumes this dust colour in cold, fear, concupiscence and other mental emotions.
 He compares her glance with the blade of a Yamani sword, a lieu commun of Eastern poetry. The weapons are famous in The Nights; but the best sword-cutlery came from Persia as the porcelain from China to Sana'á. Here, however, is especial allusion as to the sword "Samsam" or "Samsamah." It belonged to the Himyarite Tobba, Amru bin Ma'ad Kurb, and came into the hands of Harun al-Rashid. When the Emperor of the Greeks sent a present of superior sword-blades to him by way of a brave, the Caliph, in the presence of the Envoys, took "Samsam" in hand and cut the others in twain as if they were cabbages without the least prejudice to the edge of "Samsam."
 This touch of pathos is truly Arab. So in the "Romance of Dalhamah" (Lane, M. E. xxiii.) the infant Gundubah sucks the breast of its dead mother and the King exclaims, "If she had committed this crime she would not be affording the child her milk after she was dead."
 Arab. "Sadda'l-Aktár," a term picturesque enough to be preserved in English. "Sadd," I have said, is a wall or dyke, the term applied to the great dam of water- plants which obstructs the navigation of the Upper Nile, the lilies and other growths floating with the current from the (Victoria) Nyanza Lake. I may note that we need no longer derive from India the lotus-llily so extensively used by the Ancient Egyptians and so neglected by the moderns that it has well nigh disappeared. All the Central African basins abound in the Nymphæa and thence it found its way down the Nile Valley.
 Arab. "Al Marhúmah": equivalent to our "late lamented."
 Vulgarly pronounced "Mahmal," and by Egyptians and Turks "Mehmel." Lane (M. E. xxiv.) has figured this queenly litter and I have sketched and described it in my Pilgrimage (iii. 12).
 For such fits of religious enthusiasm see my Pilgrimage (iii. 254).
 "Irák" (Mesopotamia) means "a level country beside the banks of a ever."
 "Al Kuds," or "Bays al-Mukaddas," is still the popular name of Jerusalem, from the Heb. Yerushalaim ha-Kadushah (legend on shekel of Simon Maccabeus).
 "Follow the religion of Abraham" says the Koran (chaps. iii. 89). Abraham, titled "Khalílu'llah," ranks next in dignity to Mohammed, preceding Isa, I need hardly say that his tomb is not in Jerusalem nor is the tomb itself at Hebron ever visited. Here Moslems (soi disant) are allowed by the jealousies of Europe to close and conceal a place which belongs to the world, especially to Jews and Christians. The tombs, if they exist, lie in a vault or cave under the Mosque.
 Abá, or Abáyah, vulg. Abayah, is a cloak of hair, goat's or camel's; too well known to require description.
 Arab. "Al-Wakkád," the man who lights and keeps up the bath-fires.
 Arab. "Má al-Khaláf" (or "Khiláf") a sickly perfume but much prized, made from the flowers of the Salix Ægyptiaca.
 Used by way of soap; like glasswort and other plants.
 i.e., "Thou art only just recovered."
 To "Nakh" is to gurgle "Ikh! Ikh!" till the camel kneels. Hence the space called "Barr al-Manákhah" in Al-Medinah (Pilgrimage i. 222, ii. 91). There is a regular camel vocabulary amongst the Arabs, made up like our "Gee" (go ye!), etc. of significant words worn down.
 Arab. "Laza," the Second Hell provided for Jews.
 The word has been explained (vol. i. 112). It is trivial, not occurring in the Koran which uses "Arabs of the Desert ;" "Arabs who dwell in tents," etc. (chaps. ix. and xxxiii.). "A'arábi" is the classical word and the origin of "Arab" is disputed. According to Pocock (Notæ Spec. Hist. Arab.): "Diverse are the opinions concerning the denomination of the Arabs; but the most certain of all is that which draws it from Arabah, which is part of the region of Tehama (belonging to Al-Medinah Pilgrimage ii. 118), which their father Ismail afterwards inhabited." Tehamah (sierra caliente) is the maritime region of Al Hijaz, the Moslems Holy Land; and its "Arabah," a very small tract which named a very large tract, must not be confounded, as some have done, with the Wady Arabah, the ancient outlet of the Dead Sea. The derivation of "Arab" from "Ya'arab" a fancied son of Joktan is mythological. In Heb. Arabia may be called "Eretz Ereb" (or "Arab")=land of the West; but in Arabic "Gharb" (not Ereb) is the Occident and the Arab dates long before the Hebrew.
 "When thine enemy extends his hand to thee, cut it off if thou can, or kiss it," wisely said Caliph al-Mansur.
 The Tartur was a peculiar turban worn by the Northern Arabs and shown in old prints. In modern Egypt the term is applied to the tall sugar-loaf caps of felt affected mostly by regular Dervishes. Burckhardt (Proverbs 194 and 398) makes it the high cap of felt or fur proper to the irregular cavalry called Dely or Delaty. In Dar For (Darfour) "Tartur" is a conical cap adorned with beads and cowries worn by the Manghwah or buffoon who corresponds with the Egyptian "Khalbús" or "Maskharah" and the Turkish "Sutari." For an illustration see Plate iv. fig. 10 of Voyage au Darfour par Mohammed El Tounsy (The Tunisian), Paris, Duprat, 1845.
 The term is picturesque and true; we say "gnaw," which is not so good.
 Here, meaning an Elder, a Chief, etc.; the word has been almost naturalised in English. I have noted that Abraham was the first "Shaykh."
 This mention of weighing suggests the dust of Dean Swift and the money of the Gold Coast It was done, I have said, because the gold coin, besides being "sweated" was soft and was soon worn down.
 Fem. of Nájí (a deliverer, a saviour)=Salvadora.
 This, I have noted, is according to Koranic command (chaps. iv. 88). "When you are saluted with a salutation, salute the person with a better salutation." The longer answer to "Peace be with (or upon) thee! " is still universally the custom. The "Salem" is so differently pronounced by every Eastern nation that the observant traveller will easily make of it a Shibboleth.
 The Badawi, who was fool as well as rogue, begins to fear that he has kidnapped a girl of family.
 These examinations being very indecent are usually done in strictest privacy. The great point is to make sure of virginity.
 This is according to strict Moslem law: the purchaser may not look at the girl's nakedness till she is his, and he ought to manage matters through an old woman.
 Lit. wrath; affliction which chokes; in Hindustani it means simply anger.
 i.e. Heaven forbid I be touched by a strange man.
 Used for fuel and other purposes, such as making "doss stick."
 Arab "Yaftah'Allah" the offer being insufficient. The rascal is greedy as a Badaw and moreover he is a liar, which the Badawi is not.
 The third of the four great Moslem schools of Theology, taking its name from the Imam al-Sháfi'í (Mohammed ibn Idrís) who died in Egypt A.H. 204, and lies buried near Cairo. (Sale's Prel. Disc. sect. viii.)
 The Moslem form of Cabbala, or transcendental philosophy of the Hebrews.
 Arab. "Bakh" the word used by the Apostle to Ali his son-in-law. It is the Latin "Euge."
 Readers, who read for amusement, will do well to "skip" the fadaises of this highly educated young woman.
 There are three Persian Kings of this name (Artaxerxes)
which means "Flour and milk," or "high lion." The text alludes to
Ardeshir Babegan, so called because he married the daughter of
Babak the shepherd, founder of the Sassanides in A.D. 202. See
D,Herberot, and the Dabistan.
 Alluding to the proverb, "Folk follow their King's faith,"
"Cujus regio ejus religio" etc.
 Second Abbaside, A.H. 136-158 (=754-775).
 The celebrated companion of Mohammed who succeeded Abu Bakr in the Caliphate (A.H. 13-23=634-644). The Sunnis know him as Al-Adil the Just, and the Shiahs detest him for his usurpation, his austerity and harshness. It is said that he laughed once and wept once. The laugh was caused by recollecting how he ate his dough-gods (the idols of the Hanifah tribe) in The Ignorance. The tears were drawn by remembering how he buried alive his baby daughter who, while the grave was being dug, patted away the dust from his hair and beard. Omar was doubtless a great man, but he is one of the most ungenial figures in Moslem history which does not abound in genialities. To me he suggests a Puritan, a Covenanter of the sourest and narrowest type; and I cannot wonder that the Persians abhor him, and abuse him on all occasions.
 The austere Caliph Omar whose scourge was more feared than the sword was the - author of the celebrated saying "Consult them (feminines) and do clear contrary-wise."
 Our "honour amongst thieves."
 The sixth successor of Mohammed and founder of the Banu Umayyah or Ommiades, called the "sons of the little mother" from their eponymus (A.H. 41-60=661-680). For his Badawi wife Maysun, and her abuse of her husband, see Pilgrimage iii. 262.
 Shaykh of the noble tribe, or rather nation, Banu Tamím and a notable of the day, surnamed, no one knows why, "Sire of the Sea."
 This is essential for cleanliness in hot lands: however much the bath may be used, the body-pile and lower hair, if submitted to a microscope, will show more or less sordes adherent. The axilla-hair is plucked because if shaved the growing pile causes itching and the depilatories are held deleterious. At first vellication is painful but the skin becomes used to it. The pecten is shaved either without or after using depilatories, of which more presently. The body-pile is removed by "Takhfíf"; the Libán Shámi (Syrian incense), a fir- gum imported from Scio, is melted and allowed to cool in the form of a pledget. This is passed over the face and all the down adhering to it is pulled up by the roots (Burckhardt No. 420). Not a few Anglo-Indians have adopted these precautions
 This Caliph was a tall, fair, handsome man of awe-inspiring aspect. Omar used to look at him and say, "This is the Cæsar of the Arabs," while his wife called him a "fatted ass."
 The saying is attributed to Abraham when "exercised" by the unkindly temper of Sarah; "woman is made hard and crooked like a rib;" and the modern addition is, "whoso would straighten her, breaketh her."
 i.e. "When ready and in erection."
 "And do first (before going in to your wives) some act which may be profitable unto your souls" or, for you: soul's good. (Koran, chaps. ii. 223.) Hence Ahnaf makes this prayer.
 It was popularly said that "Truth-speaking left Omar without a friend." Entitled "The Just" he was murdered by Abu Lúlúah, alias Fírúz, a (Magian ?) slave of Al-Maghírah for denying him justice.
 Governor of Bassorah under the first four Caliphs. See
D'Herbelot s.v. "Aschári."
 Ziyad bin Abi Sufyan, illegitimate brother of the Caliph
Mu'awiyah afterwards governor of Bassorah, Cufa and Al-Hijaz.
 The seditions in Kufah were mainly caused by the wilful nepotism of Caliph Othman bin Asákir which at last brought about his death. His main quality seems to have been personal beauty: "never was seen man or woman of fairer face than he and he was the most comely of men:" he was especially famed for beautiful teeth which in old age he bound about with gold wire. He is described as of middling stature, large- limbed, broad shouldered, fleshy of thigh and long in the fore-arm which was hairy. His face inclined to yellow and was pock-marked; his beard was full and his curly hair, which he dyed yellow, fell below his ears. He is called "writer of the Koran" from his edition of the M.S., and "Lord of the two Lights" because he married two of the Prophet's daughters, Rukayyah and Umm Kulthum; and, according to the Shi'ahs who call him Othman-i-Lang or" limping Othman," he vilely maltreated them. They justify his death as the act of an Ijmá' al-Muslimín, the general consensus of Moslems which ratifies "Lynch law." Altogether Othman is a mean figure in history.
 "Nár" (fire) is a word to be used delicately from its connection with Gehenna. You say, e.g. "bring me a light, a coal (bassah)" etc.; but if you say "bring me fire! " the enemy will probably remark "He wanteth fire even before his time!" The slang expression would be "bring the sweet." (Pilgrimage i. 121.)
 Omar is described as a man of fair complexion, and very ruddy, but he waxed tawny with age, when he also became bald and grey. He had little hair on the cheeks but a long mustachio with reddish ends. In stature he overtopped the people and was stout as he was tall. A popular saying of Mohammed's is, "All (very) long men are fools save Omar, and all (very) short men are knaves save Ali." The Persians, who abhor Omar, compare every lengthy, ungainly, longsome thing with him; they will say, "This road never ends, like the entrails of Omar." We know little about Ali's appearance except that he was very short and stout, broad and full-bellied with a tawny complexion and exceedingly hairy, his long beard, white as cotton, filling all the space between his shoulders. He was a "pocket. Hercules," and incredible tales, like that about the gates of Khaybar, are told of his strength. Lastly, he was the only Caliph who bequeathed anything to literature: his "Cantiloquium" is famous and he has left more than one mystical and prophetic work. See Ockley for his "Sentences" and D'Herbelot s. D. "Ali" and "Gebr." Ali is a noble figure in Moslem history.
 The emancipation from the consequences of his sins; or it may mean a holy death.
 Battle fought near Al-Medinah A.D. 625. The word is derived from "shad" (one). I have described the site in my Pilgrimage, (vol. ii. 227).
 "Haphsa" in older writers; Omar's daughter and one of Mohammed's wives, famous for her connection with the manuscripts of the Koran. From her were (or claimed to be) descended the Hafsites who reigned in Tunis and extended their power far and wide over the Maghrib (Mauritania), till dispossessed by the Turks.
 i.e. humbly without the usual strut or swim: it corresponds with the biblical walking or going softly. (I Kings xxi. 27; Isaiah xxxviii. 15, etc.)
 A theologian of the seventh and eighth centuries.
 i.e. to prepare himself by good works, especially alms-giving, for the next world.
 A theologian of the eighth century.
 Abd al-Aziz was eighth Ommiade (regn. A.H. 99=717) and the fifth of the orthodox, famed for a piety little known to his house. His most celebrated saying was, " Be constant in meditation on death: if thou bein straitened case 'twill enlarge it, and if in affluence 'twill straiten it upon thee." He died. poisoned, it is said, in A.H 101,
 Abu Bakr originally called Abd al-Ka'abah (slave of the Ka'abah) took the name of Abdullah and was surnamed Abu Bakr (father of the virgin) when Mohammed, who before had married only widows, took to wife his daughter, the famous or infamous Ayishah. "Bikr" is the usual form, but "Bakr," primarily meaning a young camel, is metaphorically applied to human youth (Lane's Lex. s. c.). The first Caliph was a cloth-merchant, like many of the Meccan chiefs. He is described as very fair with bulging brow, deep set eyes and thin-checked, of slender build and lean loined, stooping and with the backs of his hands fleshless. He used tinctures of Henna and Katam for his beard. The Persians who hate him, call him "Pir-i-Kaftár," the old she-hyaena, and believe that he wanders about the deserts of Arabia in perpetual rut which the males must satisfy.
 The second, fifth, sixth and seventh Ommiades.
 The mother of Omar bin Abd al-Aziz was a granddaughter of
Omar bin al-Khattab.
 Brother of this Omar's successor, Yezid II.
 So the Turkish proverb "The fish begins to stink at the head."
 Calling to the slaves.
 When the "Day of Arafat" (9th of Zú'l-Hijjah) falls upon a Friday. For this Hajj al- Akbar see my Pilgrimage iii. 226. It is often confounded by writers (even by the learned M. Caussin de Perceval) with the common Pilgrimage as opposed to the Umrah, or " Lesser Pilgrimage" (ibid. iii. 342, etc.). The latter means etymologically cohabiting with a woman in her father's house as opposed to 'Ars or leading her to the husband's home: it is applied to visiting Meccah and going through all the pilgrim-rites but not at the Pilgrimage-season. Hence its title "Hajj al-Asghar" the "Lesser Hajj." But "Umrah" is also applied to a certain ceremony between the hills Safá (a large hard rock) and Marwah (stone full of flints), which accompanies the Hajj and which I have described (ibid. iii. 344). At Meccah I also heard of two places called Al-Umrah, the Greater in the Wady Fátimah and the Lesser half way nearer the city (ibid. iii. 344).
 A fair specimen of the unworthy egoism which all religious systems virtually inculcate Here a pious father leaves his children miserable to save his own dirty soul.
 Chief of the Banú Tamín, one of the noblest of tribes, derived from Tamím, the uncle of Kuraysh (Koreish); hence the poets sang:—
             There cannot be a son nobler than Kuraysh,
             Nor an uncle nobler than Tamím.
The high minded Tamín is contrasted with the mean-spirited Kays, who also gave rise to a tribe; and hence the saying concerning one absolutely inconsistent, "Art thou now Tamín and then Kays?"
 Surnamed Al-Sakafi, Governor of Al-Yaman and Irak.
 Tenth Ommiade (regn. A H. 105-125 = 724-743).
 Or "clothe thee in worn-out clothes" i.e. "Become a Fakir" or religious mendicant.
 This gratuitous incest in ignorance injures the tale and is as repugnant to Moslem as to Christian taste.
 The child is named either on the day of its birth or on that day week. The father whispers it in the right ear, often adding the Azán or prayer-call, and repeating in the left ear the "Ikámah" or Friday sentence. There are many rules for choosing names according to the week-day, the ascendant planet, the "Sortes Coranicæ," etc.
 Amongst Moslems as amongst Christians there are seven deadly sins: idolatry, murder, falsely charging modest women with unchastity, robbing orphans, usury, desertion in Holy War and disobedience to parents. The difference between the two creeds is noteworthy. And the sage knows only three, intemperance, ignorance and egoism.
 Meaning, "It was decreed by Destiny; so it came to pass," appropriate if not neat.
 The short, stout, dark, long-haired and two-bunched camel from "Bukhtar" (Bactria), the "Eastern" (Bakhtar) region on the Amu or Jayhun (Oxus) River; afterwards called Khorasan. The two-humped camel is never seen in Arabia except with northern caravans, and to speak of it would be a sore test of Badawi credulity.
 "Kaylúlah" is the "forty-winks" about noon: it is a Sunnat or Practice of the Prophet who said, "Make the mid-day siesta, for verily at this hour the devils sleep not." "Aylúlain" is slumbering after morning prayers (our "beauty-sleep"), causing heaviness andid leness: "Ghaylúlah" is dozing about 9 a.m. engendering poverty and wretchedness: "Kaylúlah" (with the guttural Kaf) is sleeping before evening prayers and "Faylúlah" is slumbering after sunset—both held to be highly detrimental. (Pilgrimage ii 49.)
 The Biblical "Hamath" (Hightown) too well known to require description. It is still famous for the water-wheels mentioned by al-Hariri (assembly of the Banu Harám).
 When they say, "The levee flashes bright on the hills of
Al-Yaman," the allusion is to the south quarter, where
summer-lightning is seen. Al-Yaman (always with the article) means,
I have said, the right-hand region to one facing the rising sun and
Al-Sham (Syria) the left-hand region.
 Again "he" for "she," in delicacy and jealousy of making public the beauty or conditions of the "veiled sex." Even public singers would hesitate to use a feminine pronoun. As will be seen however, the rule is not invariably kept and hardly ever in Badawi poetry.
 The normal pun on "Nuzhat al-Zaman" = Delight of the Age or Time.
 The reader will find in my Pilgrimage (i. 305) a sketch of the Takht-rawan or travelling-litter, in which pilgrimesses are wont to sleep.
 In poetry it holds the place of our Zephyr; end the "Bád- i-Sabá"=Breeze o' the morn, Is much addressed by Persian poets.
 Here appears the nervous, excitable, hysterical Arab temperament which is almost phrensied by the neighbourhood of a home from which he had run away.
 Zau al-Makan and Nuzhat al-Zaman.
 The idea is essentially Eastern, "A lion at home and a lamb abroad" is the popular saying.
 Arab. "Hubb al-Watan" (= love of birthplace, patriotism) of which the Tradition says "Min al-Imán" (=is part of man's religion).
 He is supposed to speak en prince; and he yields to a prayer when he spurns a command.
 In such caravans each party must keep its own place under pain of getting into trouble with the watchmen and guards.
 Mr. Payne (ii. 109) borrows this and the next quotation from the Bull Edit. i. 386.
 For the expiation of inconsiderate oaths see Koran (chaps. v.). I cannot but think that Al-Islam treats perjury too lightly: all we can say is-that it improves upon Hinduism which practically seems to leave the punishment to the gods.
 "Kausar," as has been said, represents the classical nectar, the Amrita of the Hindus.
 From Bull Edit. i. 186. The couplet in the Mac. Edit. i. 457 is very wildly applied.
 The "insula" of Sancho Panza.
 This should have assured him that he stood in no danger.
 Here ends the wearisome tale of the brother and sister, and the romance of chivalry begins once more with the usual Arab digressions.
 I have derived this word from the Persian "rang"=colour, hue, kind.
 Otherwise all would be superseded, like U. S. officials under a new President.
 Arab. "Nímshah" from the Pers. Nímchah, a "half-sword," a long dagger worn in the belt. Richardson derives it from Namsh, being freckled (damasked).
 The Indian term for a tent large enough to cover a troop of cavalry.
 Arab. "Marhúm" a formula before noticed. It is borrowed from the Jewish, "of blessed memory" (after the name of the honoured dead, Prov. x. 17.); with the addition of "upon whom be peace," as opposed to the imprecation, "May the name of the wicked rot!"
 The speeches of the five damsels should be read only by students.
 i.e. Those who look for "another and a better."
 The title of Caliph Abu Bakr because he bore truthful witness to the Apostle's mission or, others say, he confirmed the "Mi'ráj" or nocturnal journey to Heaven.
 All this is Koranic (chaps. ii., etc.).
 This may have applied more than once to "hanging judges" in the Far West.
 A traditionist and jurisconsult of Al-Medinah in the seventh and eighth centuries.
 The Alexander of the Koran and Eastern legends, not to be confounded with the Alexander of Macedon. He will be noticed in a future Night.
 Æsop, according to the Arabs: of him or rather of the two
Lukmans, more presently.
 Koran ii. 185.
 Mohammed.
 One of the Asháb or Companions of Mohammed.
 A noted traditionist at Cufa in the seventh century.
 Koran, chaps. lxxiv. I (and verse 8 follows). The Archangel Gabriel is supposed to address Mohammed and not a few divines believe this Surah (chapter) to have been first revealed. Mr. Rodwell makes it No. ii. following the Fatrah or silent interval which succeeded No. xcvi. "Clots of Blood." See his 2nd Edit. p. 3 for further details.
 i.e. dangerous to soul-health.
 In the Mac. Edit. "Abd" for "Sa'id." The latter was a black and a native of Cufa during the first century (A.H ) and is still famous as a traditionist.
 Arab. "Shirk," giving a partner to Allah, attending chiefly to Christians and idolaters and in a minor degree to Jews and Guebres. We usually English it by "polytheism," which is clumsy and conveys a wrong idea
 Grandson of the Caliph Ali. He is one of the Imams
(High-priests) of the Shi'ah school.
 An eminent traditionist of the eighth century (A.D.).
 The prayers of the Fast-month and Pilgrimage-month are often said in especial places outside the towns and cities; these are the Indian Id(Eed-)gáh. They have a screen of wall about a hundred yards long with a central prayer-niche and the normal three steps for the preacher; and each extremity is garnished with an imitation minaret. They are also called Namáz-gah and one is sketched by Herklots (Plate iii. fig. 2). The object of the trips thither in Zu'l-Ka'adah and Zu'l-Hijjah is to remind Moslems of the "Ta'aríf," or going forth from Meccah to Mount Arafat.
 Arab. "Al-Háfi," which in Egyptian means sore-footed as well. He was an ascetic of the eighth and ninth centuries (A.D.). He relates a tradition of the famous soldier saint Khálid bin Walíd who lies buried like the poet Ka'ab al-Ahbár near Hums (Emessa) once the Botia, Phrygia, Abdera, Suabia of Syria now Halbun (pronounced Halbáun) near Damascus. I cannot explain how this Kuraysh noble (a glorious figure in Moslem history) is claimed by the Afghans as one of their countrymen and made to speak Pukhtu or Pushtu, their rough old dialect of Persian. The curious reader will consult my Pilgrimage iii. 322 for the dialogue between Mohammed and Khalid. Again there is general belief in Arabia that the English sent a mission to the Prophet, praying that Khalid might be despatched to proselytise them: unfortunately Mohammed was dead and the "Ingríz" ratted. It is popularly held that no armed man can approach Khalid's grave; but I suppose my revolver did not count.
 When he must again wash before continuing prayer.
 Bin Adham; another noted ascetic of the eighth century.
Those curious about these unimportant names will consult the great
Biographical Dictionary of Ibn Khallikan, translated by Baron
MacGuckin de Slane (1842-45).
 Thus making Bishr the "Imám" (artistes) lit. one who stands in front. In Koran xvii. 74 it means "leader": in ii. 118 Allah makes Abraham an "Imam to mankind."
 A favourite sentiment in the East: we find it at the very beginning of Sa'di's Gulistan: better a weal-bringing lie than a harm-dealing truth.
 A penny, one sixth of the drachma.
 Founder of the Hanbali, fourth (in date) of the four orthodox Moslem schools. The Caliph al-Mu'atasim bi'llah, son of Harun al-Rashid, who believed the Koran to have been created and not a Logos (whatever that may be), co-eternal with Allah, scourged this Imam severely for "differing in opinion" (A.H. 220=833). In fact few of the notable reverends of that day escaped without a caress of the scourge or the sword.
 A learned man of the eighth century at Bassorah (A.D.).
 A traditionist of Khorasan in the ninth century (A.D.).
 "Azal," opp. to "Abad," eternity without end, infinity.
 Koran lxvi. 6.
 A traditionist of Al-Medinah, eighth century (A.D.).
 Arab. "Músá": the Egyptian word was "Mesu," the "child" or the "boy" (brought up in the palace?), and the Hebrews made it "Mosheh" or "one drawn out of the water;" "Mu" in Egypt being water, the Arab "Ma"; whence probably the moderns have derived the dim. "Moyeh ," vulg. Egyptian for water.
 Koran, chaps. xxviii.: Shu'ayb is our Jethro: Koran, chaps. vii. and xi. Mr. Rodwell suggests (p. 101) that the name has been altered from Hobab (Numb. x. 29).
 Arab. "Taub" (Saub), the long shirt popularly written in English Tobe and pronounced so by Egyptians. It is worn by both sexes (Lane, M. E. chaps. i. "Tob") in Egypt, and extends into the heart of Moslem Africa: I can compare it with nothing but a long nightgown dyed a dirty yellow by safflower and about as picturesque as a carter's smock-frock.
 There is nothing of this in the Koran; and it is a most unhappy addition, as Moses utterly and pretentiously ignored a "next world."
 Koran xxviii. 22-27. Mohammed evidently confounded the contract between Laban and Jacob. (Gen. xxix. 15-39.)
 So says Al-Hariri (Ass. of Sasan), "The neighbour before the house and the traveller before the journey." In certain cities the neighbourhood is the real detective police, noting every action and abating scandals (such as orgies, etc.) with a strong hand and with the full consent of public opinion and of the authorities. This loving the neighbour shows evident signs of being borrowed from Christianity.
 Al-Asamm a theologian of Balkh, ninth century (A.D.).
 The founder of the Senior School, for which see Sale Prel.
Disc. sect. viii.
 Thus serving the Lord by sinning against his own body.
 An Egyptian doctor of the law (ninth century).
 Koran lxxvii. 35, 36. This is one of the earliest and most poetical chapters of the book.
 Abu Hanifah was scourged for refusing to take office and was put to death in prison, it is said by poison (A.H. 150=A.D. 767), for a judicial sentence authorising rebellion against the second Abbaside, Al-Mansur, surnamed Abu'l-Dawánik (Father of Pence) for his exceeding avarice.
 "Lá rayba fí-hi" says the Koran (ii. 1) of itself; and the saying is popularly applied to all things of the Faith.
 Arab. "Rivál al-Ghayb," somewhat like the "Himalayan Brothers" of modern superstition. See Herklots (Qanoon-e-Islam) for a long and careful description of these "Mardán-i-Ghayb" (Pers.), a "class of people mounted on clouds," invisible, but moving in a circular orbit round the world, and suggesting the Hindu "Lokapálas." They should not be in front of the traveller nor on his right, but either behind or on his left hand. Hence tables, memorial couplets and hemistichs are required to ascertain the station, without which precaution journeys are apt to end badly.
 A sweetmeat before noticed.
 Door hinges in the east are two projections for the top and bottom of the leaf playing in hollows of the lintel and threshold. It appears to be the primitive form, for we find it in the very heart of Africa. In the basaltic cities of the Hauran, where the doors are of thick stone, they move easily on these pins. I found them also in the official (not the temple)City of Palmyra, but all broken.
 The effect of the poison and of the incantation which accompanied it.
 King Omar who had raped her. My sympathies are all with the old woman who nightly punished the royal lecher.
 Arab. "Zunnár," the Gr. . Christians and Jews were compelled by the fanatical sumptuary laws of the Caliph Al- Mutawakkil (AD. 856) to wear a broad leather belt in public, hence it became a badge of the Faith. Probably it was confounded with the "Janeo" (Brahmanical thread) and the Parsi sacred girdle called Kashti. (Dabistan i, 297, etc.). Both Mandeville and La Brocquière speak of "Christians of the Girdle, because they are all girt above," intending Jacobites or Nestorians.
 "Siláh dár" (Arab. and Pers.)=a military officer of high rank; literally an "armour-bearer," chosen for velour and trustworthiness. So Jonathan had a "young man" (brave) who bare his armour (I Sam. xiv. 1, 6 and 7); and Goliath had a man that bare the shield before him (ibid. xvii. 7, 41). Men will not readily forget the name of Sulayman Agha, called the Silahdar, in Egypt. (Lane M. E. chaps. iv.)
 It will be told afterwards.
 The elder brother thus showed himself a vassal and proved himself a good Moslem by not having recourse to civil war.
 Arab. "Ghazwah," the corrupt Gallicism, now
Europeanised=raid, foray.
 Turk in modern parlance means a Turkoman, a pomade: the settled people call themselves Osmanli or Othmanli. Turkoman=Turk- like.
 Arab. "Nimsá;" southern Germans, Austrians; from the Slav. "Nemica" (any Germans), literally meaning "The dumb" (nemac), because they cannot speak Slav.
 Arab. "Dubárá" from the Slav. "Dubrovnik," from "Dub" (an oak) and "Dubrava" (an oak forest). Ragusa, once a rival of Venice, gave rise to the word "Argosy." D'Herbelot calls it "Dobravenedik" or "Good Venice," the Turkish name, because it paid tribute when Venice would not (?).
 Arab. "Jawarnah," or, "Júrnah" evidently Zara, a place of many names, Jadera (Hirtius de Bell. Alex. cap. 13), Jadra, Zadra (whence the modern term), Diadora, Diadosca and Jadrossa. This important Liburnian city sent forth many cruisers in crusading days; hence the Arabs came to know its name.
 Arab. "Banu'l-Asfar;" which may mean "Pale faces," in the sense of "yeller girls" (New Orleans) and that intended by North American Indians, or, possibly, the peoples with yellow (or rather tow-coloured) hair we now call Russians. The races of Hindostan term the English not "white men," but "red men;" and the reason will at once be seen by comparing a Britisher with a high-caste Nágar Brahman whose face is of parchment colour as if he had drunk exsangue cuminum. The Yellow-faces of the text correspond with the Sansk. "Svetadvipa"—Whiteman's Land.
 Arab. "Al-Musakhkham." No Moslem believes that Isa was crucified and a favourite fancy is that Judas, changed to the likeness of Jesus, thus paid for his treason. (Evangel. Barnabæ.) Hence the resurrection is called not "Kiyámah" but "Kumámah"=rubbish. This heresy about the Cross they share with the Docetes, "certain beasts in the shape of men" (says Ignatius), who held that a phantom was crucified. So far the Moslems are logical, for "Isa," being angelically, miraculously and immaculately conceived, could not be; but they contradict themselves when they hold a vacant place near Mohammed's tomb for the body of Isa after his second coming as a forerunner to Mohammed and Doomday. (Pilgrimage ii. 89.)
 A diviner, priest, esp. Jewish, and not belonging to the tribe of Levi.
 Again the coarsest word "Khara." The allusion is to the
vulgar saying, "Thou eatest skite!" (i.e. thou talkest nonsense).
Decent English writers modify this to, "Thou eatest dirt:" and Lord
Beaconsfield made it ridiculous by turning it into "eating sand."
 These silly scandals, which cause us only to smile, excite
Easterns to fury. I have seen a Moslem wild with rage on hearing a
Christian parody the opening words of the Koran, "Bismillahi 'l-
Rahmáni 'l-Rahím, Mismish wa Kamar al-din," roughly translated,
"In the name of Allah, the Compassionating, the Compassionate! Apricots and marmalede." The idea of the Holy Merde might have been suggested by the Hindus: see Mandeville, of the archiprotopapaton (prelate) carrying ox-dung and urine to the King, who therewith anoints his brow and breast, &c. And, incredible to relate, this is still practiced after a fashion by the Parsis, one of the most progressive and the sharpest witted of Asiatic races.
 Meaning that he had marked his brow with a cross (of ashes?) as certain do on Ash Wednesday.
 Syria, the "left-hand land" as has before been explained. The popular saying about its people is "Shámi shúmi!"—the Syrian is small potatoes (to render the sense Americanicè). Nor did Syrus, the slave in Roman days, bear the best of names. In Al-Hijaz the Syrian is addressed "Abú Shám" (Father of Syria) and insulted as "Abuser of the Salt" (a traitor). Yet many sayings of Mohammed are recorded in honour of Syria, and he sometimes used Syriac words. Such were "Bakh, bakh" (=euge, before noticed), and "Kakh," a congener of the Latin Cacus and Caca which our day has docked to "cack." (Pilgrimage iii. 115)
 Koran xiv. 34. "They (Unbelievers) shall be thrown therein (i.e., the House of Perdition=Hell); and an unhappy dwelling shall it be."
 The leg-cut is a prime favourite with the Eastern Sworder, and a heavy two-handed blade easily severs a horse's leg.
 Mohammed repeatedly declared (Koran lxi.) that the Christians had falsified the passage ("I go to my Father and the Paraclete shall come," John xvi. 7) promising the advent of the Comforter, (ibid. xiv. 20; xv. 26) by substituting the latter word for glorious, renowned, i.e., Ahmed or Mohammed=the praised one. This may have been found in the Arabic translation of the Gospels made by Warakah, cousin to Mohammed's first wife; and hence in Koran lxi. we find Jesus prophesying of an Apostle "whose name shall be Ahmad." The word has consequently been inserted into the Arabic Gospel of Saint Barnabas (Dabistan iii. 67). Moslems accept the Pentateuch, the Psalter and the Gospel; but assert (Koran, passim.) that all extant copies have been hopelessly corrupted, and they are right. Moses, to whom the Pentateuch is attributed, notices his own death and burial—"the mair the miracle," said the old Scotch lady. The "Psalms of David" range over a period of some five hundred years, and there are three Isaiahs who pass with the vulgar for one. The many apocryphal Gospels, all of which have been held genuine and canonical at different times and in different places, prove that the four, which are still in use, were retained because they lack the manifest absurdities of their discarded rivals.
 Arab. " Labbayka; " the Pilgrimage-cry (Night xxii.) which in Arabic is,
Labbayk' Allahumma, Labbayk'!
Lá Sharíka lake, Labbayk'!
Inna 'l-hamda w'al ni'amata lake wa'l mulk!
Labbayk' Allahumma, Labbayk'!
Some add "Here am I, and I honour Thee, the son of Thy two slaves; beneficence and good are all between Thy hands."With the "Talbiyah" the pilgrims should bless the Prophet, pray Allah to grant Heaven and exclaim, "By Thy mercy spare us from the pains of Hell-fire!" (Pilgrimage iii. 232.) Labbayka occurs in the verses attributed to Caliph Ali; so labba=he faced, and yalubbu=it faces (as one house faces another); lastly, he professed submission to Allah; in which sense, together with the verbal noun "Talbiyah," it is used by Al- Hanri (Pref. and Ass. of Su'adah).
 Arab. "Kissís" (plur. Kusús) from .
 Koran ii. The "red cow" is evidently the "red heifer" of
Barnabas, chaps. vii.
 Arab. "Al-Jásalík"= .
 This is from the first "Gospel of Infancy," wherein Jesus said to his mother, "Verily I am Jesus, the Son of God, the Word which thou hast brought forth, as the Angel Gabriel did declare unto thee; and my Father hath sent me to save the world" (chaps. i. 2.). The passage is virtually quoted in the Koran (chaps. iii. 141), of course omitting " the Son of God"
 Mohammed allowed his locks to grow down to his ear-lobes but never lower.
 Arab. "Lisám" I have explained as a covering for the lower face, made by drawing over it the corner of the head-kerchief (Pilgrimage i. 346). The Lisám of the African Tawárik hoods the eyes so that a man must turn up his face to see, and swathes all the lower half, leaving only the nose exposed. And this is worn by many men by night as well as by day, doubtless to avoid the evil eye. The native Sultans of Darfur, like those of Bornu and others further west, used white muslin as a face-wrap: hence, too, the ceremonies when spitting, etc., etc. The Kúfiyah or head-kerchief of the Arabs soon reached Europe and became in Low Latin Cuphia; in Spanish Escofia; in Ital. Cuffia or Scuffia; in French Escoffion, Scofion (Reine Marguerite) Coëffe (une pellicule, marque de bonheur) Coiffe and Coife, &c.; the Scotch Curch or Coif, opposed to the maiden snood, and, lastly our Sergeant-at-Law's Coif. Littré, the Learned, who in erudition was né coiffé, has missed this obvious derivation.
 "Cutting," throughout the book, alludes to the scymitar with which Arabs never give point; and "thrusting" to the footman's spear and the horseman's lance.
 A popular phrase, I repeat, for extreme tenor and consternation.
 The name usually applies to a well-known district and city of Al Yaman, where "Koss the eloquent" was bishop in Mohammed's day: the Negiran of D'Herbelot. Here, however, it is the Syrian Najrán (Nejrân of Missionary Porter's miserable Handbook), now a wretched village near the volcanic Lajjá, about one hundred and twenty miles direct south of Damascus and held by Druzes and Christians.
 The Kantár (quintal) of 100 ratls (Ibs.) =98-99 Ibs. avoir.
 Arab. "Juráb (bag) mi'adat- ih (of his belly)," the "curdling of the testicles" in fear is often mentioned.
 Clearly alluding to the magic so deeply studied by mediæval Jews.
 Arab. "Sahákah," lit. rubbing. The Moslem Harem is a great school for this "Lesbian (which I would call Atossan) love "; but the motive of the practice lies deeper. As amongst men the mixture of the feminine with the masculine temperament leads to sodomy, so the reverse makes women prefer their own sex. These tribades are mostly known by peculiarities of form and features, hairy cheeks and upper lips, gruff voices, hircine odour and the large projecting clitoris with erectile powers known to the Arabs as "bazar" hence Tabzír=circumcision or amputation of such clitoris. Burckhardt (Prov. 436) translates " Bazarah" by slut or wench. He adds " it originally signifies the labia which the Cairenes also entice Zambúr and which are cut off in girlhood." See also Lane, Lex. s.v.; Tabzír. Both writers confuse excision of the nymphæ with circumcision of the clitoris (Zambúr) Al-Siyúti (Kitab al-Izá' fi'Ilm al-Nikah) has a very interesting chapter on Sapphic venery, which is well known to Europe as proved by such works as "Gamiani," and "Anandria ou Confessions de Mademoiselle Sappho, avec la Clef," Lesbos, 1718. Onanism is fatally prevalent: in many Harems and girls' schools tallow candles and similar succedanea are vainly forbidden and bananas when detected are cut into four so as to be useless; of late years, however, China has sent some marvellous artificial phalli of stuffed bladder, horn and even caoutchouc, the latter material of course borrowed from Europe.
 This is considered a powerful aphrodisiac in the East. Hence male devotees are advised to avoid tile "two reds," i.e. meat and wine; while the "two reds," which corrupt women, are gold and saffron, that is perfumery. Hence also the saying of Mohammed:— "Perfumes for men should have scent and not colour; for women should have colour and not scent." (Mishkát al-Masábíh ii. 361.)

 These are the "Hibás" or thin cords of wool which the
Badawi binds round his legs, I believe to keep off cramp.
(Pilgrimage iii. 78).
 Crying out "La iláha illa 'llah." (There is no god but the
God.); technically called "Tahlíl."
 i.e. Men, angels and devils, the "Triloka" (triple people) of the Hindus. Alamín (plur.), never Alamayn (dual), is the Triregno denoted by the papal Tiara, the three Christian kingdoms being Heaven, Hell and Purgatory.
 Matrahinna or Mit-Rahinah is a well-known village near Memphis, the name being derived from the old Egyptian Minat-ro- hinnu, the port at the mouth of the canal. Let me remark that two of these three words, "Minat" and "Ru," are still common in " Aryan" Persian.
 Kirámat, a sign, a prodigy, opposed to Mu'ujizah, a miracle wrought by a prophet. The Sufis explain this thaumaturgy by Allah changing something of Nature's ordinary course in favour of an especial worshipper, and, after a fashion, this is Catholic doctrine (See Dabistan, iii. 173).
 Koran, x. 25, "until the earth receive its vesture and be adorned with various plants."
 i.e. the young hair sprouting on the boy's cheek.
 A fighter for the faith and now a title which follows the name, e.g. Osmán Páshá Ghází, whom the English press dubbed "Ghazi Osman."
 That is the King of Constantinople.
 Cassia fistularis, a kind of carob: " Shambar" is the
Arab. form of the Persian " Chambar."
 Koran, ii. 149. Hence the vulgar idea that Martyrs are still alive in the flesh. See my Pilgrimage (ii. 110 and elsewhere) for the romantic and picturesque consequences of that belief. The Commentators (Jalál al-Dín, etc.) play tricks with the Koranic words, " they (martyrs) are not dead but living" (iii. 179) by placing the happy souls in the crops of green birds which eat of the fruits and drink of the waters of Paradise; whereas the reprobates and the (very) wicked are deposited in black birds which drain the sanies and the boiling waters of Hell. Amongst the Greeks a body remaining entire long after death suggests Anathema Maranatha: it is the contrary with Catholic Christians (Boccaccio iv. 5, of the Pot of Basil). Concerning this creed see Maundrell, Letter of 1698.
 Tor is "Mount Sinai" in the Koran (xcv. 1). I have only to repeat my opinion concerning the present site so called: "It is evident that Jebel Serbal dates only from the early days of Coptic Christianity; that Jebel Musa, its Greek rival, rose after the visions of Helena in the fourth century; whilst the building of the Convent by Justinian belongs to A.D 527. Ras Safsáfah, its rival to the north, is an affair of yesterday, and may be called the invention of Robinson; and Jebel Katerina, to the south is the property of Rüppell" (Midian Revisited i., 237). I would therefore call the "Sinaitic" Peninsula, Peninsula of Paran in old days and Peninsula of Tor (from its chief port) in our time. It is still my conviction that the true Mount Sinai will be found in Jabal Aráif, or some such unimportant height to the north of the modern Hajj- road from Suez to Akabah. Even about the name (which the Koran writes "Sainá" and "Sínín") there is a dispute: It is usually derived from the root "Sanah"=sentis, a bush; but this is not satisfactory. Our eminent Assyriologist, Professor Sayce, would connect it with "Sin," the Assyrian Moon- god as Mount Nebo with the Sun-god and he expects to find there the ruins of a Lunar temple as a Solar fane stands on Ba'al Zapuna (Baal Zephon) or the classical Mount Casius.
 Alluding to the miracle of Aaron's rod (the gift of Jethro) as related in the Koran (chapts. vii. 1., xx., etc.), where the Egyptian sorcerers threw down thick ropes which by their magic twisted and coiled like serpents.
 Arab. "Ayát" lit. "signs," here "miracles of the truth," 1. c. Koranic versets as opposed to chapters. The ranks of the enemy represent the latter, sword-cuts the former—a very persuasive mode of preaching.
 Lane (M. E. chapt.. iii.) shows by a sketch the position of the worshipper during this "Salám" which is addressed, some say, to the guardian angels, others suppose to all brother-believers and angels.
 i.e., where the Syrians found him.
 i.e., Dedianus Arabised; a name knightly and plebian.
 In such tales the Wazir is usually the sharp-witted man, contrasting with the "dummy," or master.
 Carrier-pigeons were extensively used at this time. The Caliph Al-Násir li-Díni lláh (regn. A.H. 575=1180) was, according to Ibn Khaldún, very fond of them. The moderns of Damascus still affect them. My successor, Mr. Consul Kirby Green, wrote an excellent report on pigeon-fancying at Damascus. The so-called Maundeville or Mandeville in A. D. 1322 speaks of carrier-pigeons in Syria as a well-known mode Of intercourse between lord and lord.
 Mohammed who declared "There is no monkery in Al-Islam," and who virtually abolished the priest, had an especial aversion to the shaveling (Ruhbán). But the "Gens æterna in quâ nemo nascitur" (Pliny v. 17) managed to appear even in Al-lslam, as Fakirs,, Dervishes, Súfis, etc. Of this more hereafter.
 i.e. her holiness would act like a fascinating talisman.
 The "smoking out" practice is common amongst the Arabs: hence Marshal Pelissier's so- called " barbarity." The Public is apt to forget that on a campaign the general's first duty is to save his own men by any practice which the laws of fair warfare do not absolutely forbid.
 i.e. Mohammed, who promised Heaven and threatened Hell.
 Arab. "Ahr" or "ihr," fornication or adultery, i.e., irreligion, infidelity as amongst the Hebrews (Isaiah xxiii.17).
 A sign of defeat.
 In English "last night": I have already noted that the Moslem day, like the Jewish and the Scandinavian, begins at sundown; and "layl " a night, is often used to denote the twenty- four hours between sunset and sunset, whilst "yaum," a day, would by us be translated in many cases "battle-day."
 Iterum the "Himalayan Brothers."
 Again, Mohammed who promised Good to the Good, and vice versâ.
 They are sad doggrel like most of the pièces d'occasion inserted in The Nights.
 Here "Kahwah" (coffee) is used in its original sense of strong old wine. The derivation is "Akhá"=fastidire fecit, causing disinclination for food, the Matambre (kill- hunger) of the Iberians. In old days the scrupulous called coffee "Kihwah" in order to distinguish it from 'Kakwah," wine.
 i.e. Mohammed, a common title.
 That is, fatal to the scoffer and the impious.
 Equivalent to our "The Devil was sick," etc.
 i.e. to the enemy: the North American Indians (so called) use similar forms of "inverted speech"; and the Australian aborigines are in no way behind them.
 See Vol. i., p. 154 (Night xvi.).
 Arab. "Sauf," a particle denoting a near future whereas
"Sa-" points to one which may be very remote.
 From the root "Shanh"=having a fascinating eye, terrifying. The Irish call the fascinater "eybitter" and the victim (who is also rhymed to death) "eybitten."
 i.e., not like the noble-born, strong in enduring the stress of fight.
 i.e., of Abraham. For the Well Zemzem and the Place of Abraham see my Pilgrimage (iii. 171-175, etc.), where I described the water as of salt-bitter taste, like that of Epsom (iii. 203). Sir William Muir (in his excellent life of Mahomet, I. cclviii.) remarks that "the flavour of stale water bottled up for months would not be a criterion of the same water freshly drawn;" but soldered tins-full of water drawn a fortnight before are to be had in Calcutta and elsewhere after Pilgrimage time; and analysis would at once detect the salt.
 Racing was and is a favourite pastime with those hippomanists, the Arabs; but it contrasts strongly with our civilised form being a trial of endurance rather than of speed. The Prophet is said to have limited betting in these words, "There shall be no wagering save on the Kuff (camel's foot), the Hafir (hoof of horse, ass, etc.) or the Nasal (arrow-pile or lance head)."
 In the Mac. Edit. "Arman"=Armenia, which has before occurred. The author or scribe here understands by "Cæsarea" not the old Turris Stratonis, Herod's city called after Augustus, but Cæsareia the capital of Cappadocia (Pliny, vi. 3), the royal residence before called Mazaca (Strabo).
 An idiom meaning "a very fool."
 i.e. Kána (was) má (that which) was (kána).
 A son being "the lamp of a dark house."
 When the Israelites refused to receive the Law (the souls of all the Prophets even those unborn being present at the Covenant), Allah tore up the mountain (Sinai which is not mentioned) by the roots and shook it over their heads to terrify them, saying, "Receive the Law which we have given you with a resolution to keep it" (Koran chaps. xlx. 170). Much of this story is from the Talmud (Abodah Sar. 2, 2, Tract Sabbath, etc.) whence Al-Islam borrowed so much of its Judaism, as it took Christianity from the Apocryphal New Testament. This tradition is still held by the Israelites, says Mr. Rodwell (p. 333) who refers it to a misunderstanding of Exod. xix. 17, rightly rendered in the E. version "at the nether part of the mountain."
 Arab. "Azghán" = the camel-litters in which women travel.
 i.e. to joy foes and dismay friends.
 Whose eyes became white (i.e. went blind) with mourning for his son Joseph (Koran, chaps. xii. 84). He recovered his sight when his face was covered with the shirt which Gabriel had given to the youth after his brethren had thrown him into the 

Right now, hey
It's your tomorrow
Right now
Come on, it's everything
Right now
Catch that magic moment
And do it right here and now
It means everything

Miss the beat, you lose the rhythm
And nothing falls into place, no
Only missed by a fraction
Slipped a little off your pace, oh
The more things you get, the more you want
Just trading one for the other
Workin' so hard to make it easy, woah, got to turn
Come on, turn this thing around
You might also like
Right now, hey
It's your tomorrow
Right now
Come on, it's everything
Right now
Catch that magic moment
Do it right here and now
It means everything

It's enlightening
Right now
What are you waitin' for?
Oh
Yeah
Right now


Right now, hey
It's your tomorrow
Right now
Come on, it's everything
Right now
Catch that magic moment
And do it right here and now (Right now)
Oh, right now
It's what's happening
Right here and now
Right now
It's right now
Oh
Tell me, what are you waiting for?
Turn this thing 
1 Contributor2018 haywoodindahood Listening Log LyricsPretty much the same thing as last year minus my reviews I would type up (and eventually half-ass as time went on).
Oh, and to make things easier not only am I gonna separate by month, I’m also gonna… Read More Last updated: 10/6/2018, 5:16PM MSTOctoberOctober 6Jesse Powell — Jesse Powell (1996)October 5girl in red — chapter 1 (2018)
Blanca — Shattered (2018)
LouGotCash (feat. Trippie Redd) — "Too Turnt" (2018)October 4Terri Clark — Raising the Bar (2018)
Jess Kent — "Girl" (2018)
Joey Purp — QUARTERTHING (2018)
Cypress Hill — "Crazy" (2018)
Brooke Evers (feat. Rachel West & Glen Faria) — "Turn Around" (2018)
Born Dirty (feat. jstlbby) — "Get Up Get Out" (2018)
First Aid Kid — Tender Offerings (2018)
Kap G — no kap (2018)
Asiahn — "NOLA" (2018)
Young Dolph — "By Mistake" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Stole Your Car" (2018)October 3Howard — Together Alone (2018)
Joji — "SLOW DANCING IN THE DARK" (2018)
Joji — "YEAH RIGHT" (2018)
Brett Young — "Here Tonight" (2018)
Swizz Beatz (feat. Lil Wayne) — "Pistol on My Side (P.O.M.S)" (2018)
Lil Baby & Gunna — "Drip Too Hard" (2018)
Ciara — "Dose" (2018)
Lana Del Rey — "Mariners Apartment Complex" (2018)
Tori Kelly — Hiding Place (2018)October 2Noname — Room 25 (2018)
Wale — Free Lunch (2018)
Carrie Underwood — Cry Pretty (2018)October 1N/ASeptemberSeptember 30N/ASeptember 29N/ASeptember 28Gucci Mane, Bruno Mars & Kodak Black — "Wake Up in the Sky" (2018)September 27N/ASeptember 26N/ASeptember 25N/ASeptember 24teddy<3 — "Body and Soul" (2018)
Brynn Elliott — Time of Our Lives (2018)
Madison Cuningham — "Last Boat to Freedom" (2018)
Abby Anderson — I'm Good (2018)
Runaway June — Runaway June (2018)
Noah Cyrus & Gallant — "Mad at You" (2018)
Judy Blank — Morning Sun (2018)September 23N/ASeptember 22N/ASeptember 21Kilo Kish — mothe (2018)
Clairo — "Heaven" (2018)
Bri Steves — "Ain't Shit" (2018)
AlunaGeorge (feat. Cautious Clay) — "Superior Emotion" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Fuck Being Friends" (2018)
Robinson — "Medicine" (2018)
Waxahatchee — Great Thunder (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline — Side B (2018)
Amber Mark (feat. DRAM) — "Put You On" (2018)
Jeremy Zucker — "comethru" (2018)September 20Chelsea Cutler — "Cold Showers" (2018)
$uicideBoy$ — I Want to Die in New Orleans (2018)
T.I. & Yo Gotti — "Wraith" (2018)
T.I. (feat. Meek Mill) — "Jefe" (2018)
Various Artists — Sierra Burgess Is a Loser (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)September 19Carrie Underwood — "End Up With Me" (2018)
Dua Lipa — "Want To" (2018)
Lauren Daigle — Look Up Child (2018)
Kanye West & Lil Pump — "I Love It" (2018)
YBN Nahmir, YBN Cordae & YBN Almighty Jay — YBN: The Mixtape (2018)
Silk City & Dua Lipa (feat. Diplo & Mark Ronson) — "Electricity" (2018)September 18N/ASeptember 17N/ASeptember 16N/ASeptember 15N/ASeptember 146LACK — East Atlanta Love Letter (2018)September 13Ginny Owens (feat. Resound) — Stand with Me" (2018)
Maddie Simpson — "Love Me Loud" (2018)
Anna Calvi — Hunter (2018)
Sage The Gemini (feat. Chris Brown) — "Buss It" (2018)
Katelyn Tarver — Kool Aid (2018)
Q Money — Ain't Shit Funny (2018)
Mick Jenkins — "What Am I to Do" (2018)
Francesca Battistelli — "Royalty" (2018)
Passenger — Runaway (2018)September 12Chief Keef (feat. Jenn Em) — "Chiraq" (2018)
The Game (feat. YG, Ty Dolla $ign & Jeremih) — "Down to Fuck" (2018)
HoodCelebrityy — Inna Real Life (2018)
Young Dolph (feat. Key Glock) — "Major" (2018)
Lloyd — TRU - LP (2018)
Cassie Scerbo — "Disaster" (2018)
Blac Youngsta — Fuck Everybody 2 (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline — "Sad Girls" (2018)
Terri Clark — "Young as We Are Tonight" (2018)
Nao (feat. SiR) — ""Make It Out Alive" (2018)
Tash Sultana — Flow State (2018)September 11Jay Rock (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Rotation 112th (Remix)" (2018)
Carrie Underwood — "Love Wins" (2018)
Why Don't We — 8 Letters (2018)
6ix9ine (feat. Nicki Minaj & Murda Beatz) — "FEFE" (2018)
6ix9ine & Anuel Aa — "BEBE" (2018)
Kanye West — "XTCY" (2018)
Lauv — "Superhero" (2018)
Eminem — Kamikaze (2018)
Troye Sivan — Bloom (2018)September 10N/ASeptember 9N/ASeptember 8Pusha T — "The Story of Adidon" (2018)
Fantasia — Back to Me (2010)
The Staple Singers — Be Altitude: Respect Yourself (1972)September 7N/ASeptember 6N/ASeptember 5N/ASeptember 4Thouxanbanfauni — The Lost Files (2018)
MoKenStef — Azz Izz (1995)
A$AP Ant (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "Mario Cart" (2018)
A$AP Ant — "Shanghai" (2018)September 3Wallows — "Pleaser" (2017)
Wallows — "Sun Tan" (2017)
Wallows — "Uncomfortable" (2017)
Wallows — "Pulling Leaves off Trees" (2017)
Wallows — "Underneath the Streetlights in the Winter Outside Your House" (2018)
Wallows — Spring EP (2018)September 2Raveena — "You Give Me That" (2016)
Raveena — "Johnny It's the Last Time" (2016)
Raveena — "Spell" (2017)
Raveena — "Sweet Time" (2017)
Raveena — Shanti (2017)
Raveena — "Wherever U Go" (2018)
Raveena — "I Won't Mind" (2018)
Raveena — "Honey" (2018)
Bandhunta Izzy — "Gummo Freestyle" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Niggalodeon" (2015)
Tierra Whack — Whack World (2018)
Tierra Whack — "MUMBO JUMBO" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Shit Happens" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Child Please" (2017)
Tierra Whack — "Toe Jam" (2017)
Jungle Brothers — Straight Out the Jungle (1988)
Sabrina Carpenter — "Thumbs (Acoustic)" (2017)
Tory Lanez — "I Sip" (2017)
Maggie Lindemann — "Things" (2016)
Smooky MarGielaa (feat. Jrich Ent.) — "Shawty" (2017)
Ronny J (feat. Ski Mask The Slump God) — "Thriller (Forever)" (2017)
The Girl and the Dreamcatcher — "Written in the Stars" (2015)
Fancy Cars & Sophie Rose — "Time Machine" (2018)
Jaira Burns — "High Rollin" (2017)
Tana Mongeau — "W" (2018)
Astrid S — "Hyde" (2015)
Josephina — "Feelings" (2018)
Joe Moses (feat. Future) — "Back Goin Brazy" (2018)
Lou — "Beaten" (2018)
Kristina Bazan — "Out" (2016)
April + Vista — "How to Get By" (2018)
Eden Samara — "Upside Down" (2018)
The Black Eyed Peas — "RING THE ALARM pt.1, pt.2, pt.3" (2018)
KIIRA (feat. Noah North) — "Last Time" (2017)
JVZEL — "You Make It Easy" (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "Who Do You Love" (2018)
Andy Mineo, Foggieraw & Mannywellz — "Coquito" (2018)
Foggieraw — "Harry Potter" (2018)
Foggieraw & Mannywellz — "Different World Type Luv" (2018)
Carlie Hanson — "Mood" (2018)
Kero Kero Bonito — "Time Today" (2018)
Rosie Carney — "Winter" (2017)
Zilo — "Don't Waste My Time" (2018)
Confetti — "Right Now" (2018)
Phoebe Ryan & Quinn XCII — "Middle Finger" (2018)
Georgi Jacobs — "Ooooohh" (2018)
Eli Priess (feat. Kareem Pfeifer) — "Back at You" (2018)
Astrid S — "2AM" (2014)
Rosie Carney — "Awake Me" (2017)
ARY — "Already There" (2017)
Madison Cunningham — "All at Once" (2018)
Mickey Shiloh (feat. Rowlan) — "1 More Time" (2017)September 1N/AAugustAugust 31N/AAugust 30N/AAugust 29Kiiara — "Gloe" (2018)
NOTD (feat. Tove Styrke) — "Been There Done That" (2018)
KYLE (feat. Kehlani & Logic) — "Playinwitme (Remix)" (2018)
REASON — "Better Dayz" (2018)
Rosette — "Single for the Summer" (2018)
Anna Wise & Xavier Omar — "Easy" (2018)
Dounia — "How I See It" (2018)
T-Pain (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Might Be" (2018)
KYLE (feat. Wiz Khalifa) — "Moment" (2018)August 28E-40 — The Gift of Gab (2018)
Noah Cyrus & Lil Xan — "Live or Die" (2018)
Tori Kelly (feat. Kirk Franklin) — "Never Alone" (2018)
Leon Thomas — Genesis (2018)
Bas — Milky Way (2018)
Blood Orange — Negro Swan (2018)August 27K1D (feat. Woodie Smalls) — "Yoshi" (2018)
3 — "Watch Me" (2018)
Truthcity — "Trap Music in My Uber" (2018)
Tre Redeau — "Safe Route" (2018)
Freelance — "Pretty Please" (2018)
Tee Krispil — One Way Ticket (2018)
Maesu — "Nothing 2 Lose" (2018)
Trey Graves — "new thang" (2018)
Dimez — "New Porsche" (2018)
Darrein STL — "My Bag" (2018)
Madd AnarKist (feat. Troy James & Bank Bunz) — "Mxndfxkk" (2018)
HAWA — "Might Be" (2018)
OSIYM (feat. Filli Babii) — "Lookin' Like" (2018)
Son! — "LINGO" (2018)
Hydra — Lifeboat (2018)
Sazetrax — "Latency" (2018)
Blvc Svnd & One Who May Ascend — "Lames" (2018)
Cero Ismael — "Insane" (2018)
Gaika — "Immigrant Sons (Pesos & Gas)" (2018)
ILLYMINIACHI — "Ignita" (2018)
YTK — "Feel Like That" (2018)
Kent Loon — "Drone" (2018)
Huey Supreme — "Dolla Bill" (2018)
Love-Sadkid — "Control" (2018)
B. Aull — "Come Down" (2018)
Why Khaliq — Clearwater (2018)
chase. & spaceout — #CHASEXSPACEOUT (2018)August 26The O'Jays — Back Stabbers (1972)August 25N/AAugust 24Famous Dex (feat. Drax Project) — "LIGHT" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Always Been You" (2018)
Cousin Stizz — All Adds Up (2018)
24hrs (feat. YG) — "Don't Mess" (2018)
Camila Cabello (feat. Swae Lee) — "Real Friends" (2018)
Jess Glynne — "All I Am" (2018)
Lucie Silvas — "E.G.O." (2018)August 23Blue October — I Hope You're Happy (2018)August 22The New Respects — Before the Sun Goes Down (2018)
Baauer & Miquela — "Hate Me" (2018)
SOB X RBE (feat. Shoreline Mafia) — "Da Move" (2018)
SOB X RBE — "Vibes" (2018)
Stefflon Don — SECURE (2018)
Bishop Briggs — "Baby" (2018)
The 1975 — "TOOTIMETOOTIMETOOTIME" (2018)
6LACK — "Nonchalant" (2018)August 21Tory Lanez (feat. Bryson Tiller) — ""KeeP IN tOUcH" (2018)
Jillian Jacqueline (feat. Keith Urban) — "If I Were You" (2018)
Mitski — Be the Cowboy (2018)
Aminé — ONEPOINTFIVE (2018)August 20Calvin Harris & Sam Smith (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Promises" (2018)
Young Thug & Young Stoner Life Records — Slime Language (2018)
Ariana Grande — Sweetener (2018)August 19N/AAugust 18N/AAugust 17N/AAugust 16N/AAugust 15Jay Americana — "Burner Phones" (2018)
8tm — "711" (2018)
Flavia Abadía — "Trumpets" (2018)
Brooke Aulani — "Out Loud" (2018)
PRISTINE BABE — "Moonlight" (2018)
Lanna — "Maybe" (2018)
Emeryld — "Honey Bee" (2018)
Friday Night Plans — "Happy Birthday" (2018)
Finis Mundi — EVERYTHING AFTER (2018)
Assa, Esydia & neo — "don't let me fall" (2018)
Hailey Orion — Deadly. (2018)
SOLARSUNS & IOLITE — "Break, Burn, Crash" (2018)
Kwaku Asante — "The Way That You Move" (2018)
Corbin Dallas — Water (2018)
Jack Davey — "Undone" (2018)
Charlie Burg — Two, Moonlight (2018)August 14N/AAugust 13Tirzah — Devotion (2018)
Black Grapefruit — All My Relations (2018)
Stefflon Don (feat. Tiggs Da Author) — "Pretty Girl" (2018)
Elley Duhé — DRAGON MENTALITY (2018)
Elle King — "Shame" (2018)
Daniella Mason — "Human" (2018)
Red Velvet — Summer Magic - Summer Mini Album (2018)
Kiesza — "Phantom of the Dance Floor" (2018)
Wafia — "I'm Good" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Sola" (2018)
Ro James — "Excuse Me" (2018)
Lola Kirke — Heart Head West (2018)August 12A$AP Rocky & Tyler, The Creator — "POTATO SALAD" (2018)
FatBran — FatBranuary (2018)
Bandhunta Izzy — Code Blue (2018)
Mitski — "Two Slow Dancers" (2018)
Cassadee Pope — "One More Red Light" (2018)
Ciara (feat. Tekno) — "Freak Me" (2018)
Skye & Chris Brown — "Fairytale" (2018)
Childish Major — "Know Something" (2018)
R.LUM.R — "I Need to Know" (2018)
R.LUM.R — "Right Here" (2018)
Nina Nesbitt — "Loyal to You" (2018)
Lauren Daigle — "Still Rolling Stones" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — Queen (2018)August 11Quavo — "W O R K I N M E" (2018)
Quavo — "B U B B L E G U M" (2018)
Quavo — "L A M B T A L K" (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "Sugar Pop Cocaine" (2018)August 10IceBirds — ICEBIRDS PROJECT (2018)August 9Young Nudy — "Crack" (2016)
Kaycee Shakur — "Think of Something" (2018)
Ryahn — "Studio" (2018)
Lotushalves — "Raincheck" (2018)
The Empress — "Pray on It" (2018)
Parables of Neptune — Parables of Neptune (2018)
Tola — "Next to Me" (2018)
Karun (feat. Blinky Bill) — "Make Believe" (2018)
JoJo Nichols (feat. Regina Skeeters) — "Love on Repeat" (2018)
KingJet — "Lifeguard" (2018)
Abel — "Known" (2018)
Eli Preiss — "I Want You to Know" (2018)
Pink Sweat$ — "Honesty" (2018)
Jesse Fischer — Flipped II (2018)
Ama Lou — DDD (2018)
Shenna — "Conversation" (2018)
marcella — Chapter Two (2018)
REY — "Bet" (2018)
Lili K — "Best Friend" (2018)
Dee Mad — "Along with You" (2018)
199V — "187 Love" (2018)August 8Jacquees — 4275 (2018)
Ella Mai — "Trip" (2018)
K'ron (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "No BFs" (2018)
Buddy — Harlan & Alondra (2018)
PnB Rock — "ABCD (Friend Zone)" (2018)
Diana Gordon — Pure (2018)
The Midnight — "America 2" (2018)
DJ Holiday (feat. Quavo & 21 Savage) — "2 Seater" (2018)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Marie Curie" (2018)
Riley Clemmons — Riley Clemmons (2018)
CHVRCHES (feat. WEDNESDAY CAMPANELLA) — "Out of My Head" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Freaking Out" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Summer Days" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "What She Wants" (2018)
Kid Ink — "Big Deal" (2018)
Baka Not Nice — 4Milli (2018)August 7Young Nudy — SlimeBall 3 (2018)
Tamia — "Deeper" (2018)
Amanda Shires — To the Sunset (2018)
Danielle Bradbery & Thomas Rhett — "Goodbye Summer" (2018)
Silk City, GoldLink & Desiigner — "Loud" (2018)
H.E.R. — I Used to Know Her: The Prelude (2018)
J. Cole — "Album of the Year (Freestyle)" (2018)
Mac Miller — Swimming (2018)
Bazzi (feat. Camila Cabello) — "Beautiful" (2018)
Robyn — "Missing U" (2018)
YG — STAY DANGEROUS (2018)
Travis Scott — ASTROWORLD (2018)August 6N/AAugust 5Souls of Mischief — 93 'til Infinity (1993)
The Pharcyde — Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde (1992)
Brandy — Brandy (1994)
OJ da Juiceman — The Otha Side of the Trap... (2009)
Maisie Peters — "Best I'll Ever Sing" (2018)
Maisie Peters — "Worst of You" (2018)
Polo Boy Shawty — Fast Lane (2018)
Ciara — Basic Instinct (2010)August 4Ne-Yo — Because of You (2007)
Joe — And Then... (2003)
Avalon Young — "Sweet Talk" (2018)
Shaqdi — Colorless (2018)
Akinyemi & Birocratic — "Time" (2018)
Ryan Brinnand — "Think of Me" (2018)
Teon Gibbs — These Are the Times. (2018)
Cyrax (feat. $ilkMoney) — "Tank" (2018)
Latasha — "Sumpn" (2018)
Ily Pineapple — "Spark the Blunt" (2018)
Majest Nové — "Southern Girl" (2018)
ayeeii & mikey 2x — "Never Thought" (2018)August 3Deezie Brown — Judith (2018)
Jaylon Ashaun — "I Got You" (2018)
B0nds & Fushou. — High Noon (2018)
80purppp — "Hex" (2018)
Tass Nasta — "Her" (2018)
$ly — "Guaponese" (2018)
Charlie Threads — "Forever and a Day" (2018)
DWN2EARTH — DWN2EARTH (2018)
Cakes da Killa & Proper Villains — "Don't Make Cents" (2018)
Elton — "Callin'" (2018)
BbyMutha & $hoey — BbyShoe (2018)
Rawso — "Afraid" (2018)
Jean Castel — "What Happened to Us" (2018)
Keelan Mak — "Weigh You Down" (2018)
ZenAware (feat. Evergreen) — "Ur Cute" (2018)
Aaron Childs — "No Hobbies" (2018)
Aaron Childs — "Tangerine" (2018)
Mikos Da Gawd — "Start Things New" (2018)
Kylo — "Sometimes" (2018)
Jamie Lane — "Sink" (2018)
Small Hours — "Shoe Box" (2018)
Lhuma — "RUN" (2018)
Jacob Steele — "Move Like Me" (2018)
KUNZITE — "MONKS" (2018)
Trevor Daniel — "Mirror" (2018)
Aleks Grey — "Let Go" (2018)
Dena — "Imaginary Friends" (2018)
GOLDSPACE (feat. Saint Laurant) — "Heavy Hitter" (2018)
rn — "Hard Hearts" (2018)August 2Kiiara — "Messy" (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "You Can't Bring Me Down" (2018)
Bryce Vine (feat. Wale) — "Drew Barrymore" (2018)
Jade Novah — All Blue (2018)
Frvrfriday — "Heaven Margiela" (2018)
JIL — "Virgin Atlantic" (2018)
Luhcream — Cream of the Crop (2018)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever 3 (2018)
Jade Bird — "Uh Huh" (2018)
Catherine McGrath — Talk of This Town (2018)
Jarren Benton — Yuck Fou (2018)
Queen Naija — Queen Naija (2018)
Derek Minor — "Revolution" (2018)
Tenille Townes — "Somebody's Daughter" (2018)
Channel Tres — Channel Tres (2018)
Raiche — "Money Trees" (2018)August 1The Coup — Sorry to Bother You: The Soundtrack (2018)JulyJuly 31Charli XCX — "Girls Night Out" (2018)
AGNEZ MO (feat. Chris Brown) — "Overdose" (2018)
Elley Duhé — "WAY DOWN LOW" (2018)July 30VanJess — Silk Canvas (2018)
Maggie Rogers — "Give a Little" (2018)
Mac Miller — "What's the Use?" (2018)
Tyga — "SWISH" (2018)
BROCKHAMPTON — "1997 DIANA" (2018)
Denzel Curry — TA13OO (2018)
The Chainsmokers (feat. Emily Warren) — "Side Effects" (2018)
Davie Guetta (feat. Anne-Marie) — "Don't Leave Me Alone" (2018)
ARTY — "Tim" (2018)
YG (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "HANDGUN" (2018)
DJ Khaled, Justin Bieber & Quavo (feat. Chance The Rapper) — "No Brainer" (2018)July 29N/AJuly 28Still Woozy (feat. ODIE) — "Lucy" (2018)
BLVK JVCK (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Love Me Still" (2018)
NVDES — "Louì" (2018)
Matoma (feat. MAX) — "Lonely" (2018)
Vené & ATL Smook — "Mood" (2017)July 27Childish Gambino — Summer Pack (2018)
Chelsea Jade — Personal Best (2018)
Lost Kings (feat. Tove Styrke) — "Stuck" (2018)
PnB Rock — "Nowadays" (2018)
GOLDN — once upon a star, Pt. 1 (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Hold On" (2018)
St. Lucia — "Walking Away" (2018)
The New Respects — "Before the Sun Goes Down" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Apple Juice" (2018)July 26Young Nudy — "Sherbert" (2018)
070 Shake — "Accusations" (2018)
Ciara — "Level Up" (2018)
The 1975 — "Love It If We Made It" (2018)
DRAM — That's a Girl's Name (2018)
RaeLynn — "Tailgate" (2018)
88rising — Head in the Clouds (2018)
Becky G (feat. French Montana & Farruko) — "Zooted" (2018)
Billie Eilish — "you should see me in a crown" (2018)July 25Daye Jack — "Heart Shaped Culdesac" (2018)
The New Respects — "We Ain't Goin' Nowhere" (2018)
TK Kravitz — 2.0 (2018)
Nora Van Elken — "I Told You" (2018)
Ashe — The Rabbit Hole (2018)
Daya — "Safe" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — Young (2018)
Buddy (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "Hey Up There" (2018)
Lil Skies — "World Rage" (2018)
Yazmin Lacey — When the Sun Dips 90 Degrees (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Broke" (2018)
Priscilla Renea — Coloured (2018)July 24Vacationer — Mindset (2018)
R. Kelly — "I Admit" (2018)
Demi Lovato — "Sober" (2018)
Redman — "I Love Hip Hop" (2018)
Freddie Gibbs — Freddie (2018)
Lecrae & Zaytoven — Let the Trap Say Amen (2018)
Koryn Hawthorne — "Unstoppable" (2018)
Meghan Trainor — "ALL THE WAYS" (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — "Summer on You" (2018)July 23Nao — "Another Lifetime" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie — International Artist (2018)
Rick Ross (feat. Future) — "Green Gucci Suit" (2018)
6LACK — "Switch" (2018)
Trippie Redd — "How You Feel" (2018)
Trippie Redd — "Me Likey" (2018)
Ariana Grande (feat. Nicki Minaj) — "the light is coming" (2018)
Teyana Taylor — K.T.S.E. (2018)
Jaden Smith — "Ghost" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — Expectations (2018)
Dan + Shay — Dan + Shay (2018)
Panic! At the Disco — Pray for the Wicked (2018)July 22N/AJuly 21N/AJuly 20MadeinTYO & MyNamePhin — I Bet U Get This All the Time (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan & Danny Wolf — HoodWolf 2 (2018)
Rockstar Marqo — So Icey Marqo (2018)July 19The Internet — Hive Mind (2018)
RIMON — "Nighttime" (2018)
RIMON — "Grace" (2018)
Louis III — "Goosebumps" (2018)
Wolfskind & Yann Lauren (feat. Moli) — "Give It Up" (2018)
MOONOVERSUN — "GIRLS/BOYS" (2018)
Hamond — "Copacabana" (2018)
Catila — "Call Me" (2018)
Kiera Please — "Bloom" (2018)
Jodnyl — "Blood" (2018)
Ruben Pol — "Bed Sheets" (2018)
JORDY — "Be with Me" (2018)
Meghan Waterman — 3AM Conversations (2018)
Madison Cunningham — "So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" (2018)
Madison Cunningham — "Beauty into Clichés" (2018)
The Score — "Glory" (2018)
lovelytheband — "emotion" (2018)
lovelytheband — "alone time" (2018)
88rising (feat. NIKI) — "Warpaint" (2018)
Shy Glizzy — "Free 3" (2018)
Casanova — COMMISSARY (2018)July 18Alessia Cara — "A Little More" (2018)
Alessia Cara — "Growing Pains" (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "BRONCO" (2018)
Aaron Cole — "Off My Back" (2018)
The Interrupters — Fight the Good Fight (2018)
cleopatrick — "youth" (2018)
Mitski — "Nobody" (2018)
Yung Bans — Yung Bans Vol. 5 (2018)
Wiz Khalifa (feat. Problem) — "Gin and Drugs" (2018)
Charli XCX — "No Angel" (2018)
Charli XCX — "Focus" (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Verified" (2018)
Axwell /\ Ingrosso (feat. RØMANS) — "Dancing Alone" (2018)
Gorillaz — The Now Now (2018)July 17Florence + The Machine — High as Hope (2018)
Shea Diamond — Seen It All (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Not the Boy" (2018)
Mozzy — "Pure in the Pack" (2018)
Trae Tha Truth — 48 Hours Later (2018)
Let's Eat Grandma — I'm All Ears (2018)
AWWZ (feat. Yaw Mini & F. Dowell) — "Visa" (2018)
YK Osiris — "Timing" (2018)
Jay Park (feat. GASHI & Rich The Kid) — "FSU" (2018)
teddy<3 — "I Was in a Cult" (2018)
Caly Bevier — "Head Held High" (2018)
Dave East & Rick Ross — "Fresh Prince of Belaire" (2018)
Skooly (feat. Lil Xan) — "Crazy Shit" (2018)July 16Chris Lane — "Hero" (2018)
Why Don't We — "Hooked" (2018)
Why Don't We — "Talk" (2018)
Lil Pump — "Drug Addicts" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Freaking Out" (2018)
A R I Z O N A — "Summer Days" (2018)
Lil Yachty (feat. Cardi B & Offset) — "Who Want the Smoke?" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "SoulMate" (2018)
Future & Zaytoven — BEASTMODE 2 (2018)
Meek Mill — Legends of the Summer (2018)
Goonew — BIG64 (2018)July 15Childish Gambino — "Awaken, My Love!" (2016)
Shoreline Mafia — ShorelineDoThatShit (2018)
Juice WRLD — JuiceWRLD 9 9 9 (2017)
Diego Money — Welcome to IceLand (2015)
The Carters — EVERYTHING IS LOVE (2018)
Nas — NASIR (2018)
Drake — Scorpion (2018)July 14N/AJuly 13N/AJuly 12rum.gold — "Where There’s Smoke" (2018)
Hamzaa — "Stranded Love" (2018)
Lexus — "Sounds Good" (2018)
MADANII — "Rosemvry" (2018)
Lndfk — "LOVE BOMBING” (2018)
Gian Camp — LOST IN TRANSLATION (2018)
Taylor Eve (feat. OYABUN) — "Like You" (2018)
yuzu blur — "Home Soon" (2018)
Kwaku — "Fake" (2018)
Aysha Monet — Don’t Forget (2018)
Charles Freeman — ANODYNE (2018)
Daz Rinko (feat. Rahel) — "Sweetie" (2018)
Daz Rinko — "Vanilla Ice" (2018)
HolyGxd — "Ugly" (2018)
Rey King — "Tijuana" (2018)
Nosninja — Riverside Beat Tape (2018)
Yutes — "Push" (2018)
BinoBossBricks & Scooter on the Beat — "Poppin Tags" (2018)
Marceon Jacobs — "No Losses" (2018)
Ben James — "Like Me" (2018)
2u4u — "Gurl" (2018)
KING JAE — "DRAMA" (2018)
Serious Klein — "Coochie Money" (2018)
The Real Ice — "BAG for MY BAG" (2018)
Aja9 — "Treat Yo’Self" (2018)
NOAAON — "Summer Clearance" (2018)
Yaffle (feat. Linying) — "Summer" (2018)
JT Soul — "LOUD" (2018)July 11All That Glitters (feat. Chaz Mason) — "I’ll Wait for You" (2018)
Elephant Heart — "HIYA" (2018)
CHAMPANE (feat. CATALI) — "Down Low" (2018)
Natalie — Shameful (2018)
Ukweli (feat. Karun) — "Roses" (2018)
Ash (feat. starRo) — "Lover Friend" (2018)
Mina & Kit Moro — Goodbye (2018)
ChrisLee — "Found Her" (2018)
Jae.T — "Yo Body" (2018)
Emilia Anastazja — "Under My Skin" (2018)
GREGarious (feat. Akacia) — "Sticks & Stones" (2018)
Lottie Jade — "South Side" (2018)
Nizzy (feat. Pvpi Strz) — "Rice n Peas" (2018)
SqueakPIVOT (feat. Xone White) — "Perfect for U" (2018)
Black Grapefruit — "Mind" (2018)
Mei Mei — "Livin in the Truth" (2018)
HALP (feat. Anthony Russo) — "Hurt Myself" (2018)
Frex — "History" (2018)
Kean Farrar — "Heartthrob" (2018)
Parisalexa — Flexa (2018)
Forrest. — "Your Soul" (2018)
Shane Reis & God.Damn.Chan — VEIB (2018)
Zac Ace — Testing Ground. (2018)July 10Latrell James — "Okay" (2018)
Vonathan — "Mac Attack" (2018)
FEYI — "F@%& WITH A DIME" (2018)
A-Reece, Ecco & Wordz — "Better Luck Next Time" (2018)
Kevoe West — "Stoner" (2018)
Patches (feat. Namesake.) — "show goes on" (2018)
ZER0 — "Orphus" (2018)
Clyde Guevara — "Higher Vibration" (2018)
Svlm — "Day Dreaming" (2018)
emoniFela — Day Camp for Dreamers (2018)
happytree & late late — CANVAS (2018)
frumhere — are you lost? (2018)
Renzo — 2359 (2018)July 9Whinnie Williams — “Violet” (2018)
John Conception — “So Bad” (2018)
yù yī (feat. Ellen) — “Peaches” (2018)
TS Graye — “MY2” (2018)
Rushes — "Wave” (2018)
s7erre (feat. Elysa) — “So Bad” (2018)
Haula — “Trouble” (2018)July 8Diego Money & StoopidXoolin — Stoopid Ice Volume One (2016)July 7Chance Peña — “Sun Goes Down” (2018)
Holow (feat. Lucile) — “Spotlight” (2018)
Ivy Rei — “Say It to My Face” (2018)
Miriam — “Off That Thing” (2018)
DJ Young & Krista — “Nvm (Never Mine)” (2018)
BAYLA — “Monster” (2018)
Arthur Wimble — “Miss You” (2018)
ICELANDIA — “Miracle Caught on Camera” (2018)
Amber Simone — “Loving You” (2018)
BLANKSY — “Love Won’t Save Me” (2018)
CC Clarke — “A Little More” (2018)
Spectrum & Ria Choony — “Home” (2018)
Korky Buchek (feat. Kymie) — “Higher” (2018)
Dominique Tey — “Heartstream” (2018)
A$AP Rocky (feat. Moby) — “A$AP Forever” (2018)
Juice WRLD — Too Soon.. (2018)
Bruno Mars — It’s Better If You Don’t Understand (2010)July 6Diego Money & MexikoDro — Plug Money (2015)
Louis Bordeaux — “Do What I Do” (2018)
DeathbyRomy — “DeathWish” (2018)
Vera Hotsauce — “Bottoms Up” (2018)
MĀX — “Wrong Guy” (2018)
James Blake (feat. MistaDC) — “Vegas Girl” (2018)
David Hopperman (feat. Wes Writer) — “Don’t Stop” (2018)
Lodola — “Cover It Up” (2018)
Lava La Rue — “Widdit” (2018)
A. Rell — “What If I Did It” (2018)
Pediko — “Ticket to Go” (2018)
PatricKxxLee — “So & So” (2018)
Caliray1k —" Run Up the Band” (2018)
Myke Bogan (feat. Khary) — “Pickathon” (2018)
Ozadya — Oz Life (2018)July 5YBN Cordae — “Old Niggas” (2018)
Shwiggy (feat. 198o8) — “Might Troll” (2018)
Hella Sketchy — “Losing Control” (2018)
10cellphones (feat. Swoop) — “Kicking Doors” (2018)
ppgcasper (feat. Eera) — “Headache” (2018)
Dontae (feat. Cal) — “Flipmode” (2018)
Caine Casket — “Domino” (2018)
Felixx — “Diddy” (2018)
CloutBoi TJ — CloutBoi! (2018)July 4N/AJuly 3Macca Wiles — “AWOL” (2018)
Tommy Savo — “2 ROCKS” (2018)
Frex — “y u gotta” (2018)
Laura Roy — “Temporary” (2018)
Ego Ella May — “Table for One” (2018)
Linae — “Sweet Sweat” (2018)
Ebz the Artist — “Say It” (2018)
Choc — “Same” (2018)
loftii — leaving us (2018)
Ricks Art — “Kiss N Tell” (2018)
Levine Lale — “Keep Up” (2018)
Melo-Zed — Eleven (2018)
Blossom & Ripley Snell (feat. Neill Von Tally) — “casting couch” (2018)
Love — “Black Coffee” (2018)
Love — “3” (2018)
Paige Bea — “Your Echo” (2018)
Brad O’Neill — “Unexpected” (2018)
Deflo & Lliam Taylor (feat. Awa) — “Spotlight” (2018)July 2Delaney Kai & Kyoto Black — “Sounds” (2018)
Taylor Reed — “Say You Won’t” (2018)
Camille Trust — “Move On” (2018)
Liv Keegan — “Just My Type” (2018)
Natasha Fisher — “If I Could I Would” (2018)
iiola — “don’t shut me up” (2018)
JONNA — “Black Tears” (2018)
TARI (feat. Lani Rose) — “Best for You” (2018)
Nodfather — “Thoughts” (2018)
Brett — “Therapy” (2018)
Ra’Shaun — “She Told Me” (2018)
S7EAZE — “Don’t Test Me” (2018)
M.R — “Calling” (2018)
Xander — “Better or Worse” (2018)
Ric Wilson — BANBA (2018)
Adamn Killa — Adamn Everlasting (In Loving Memory of Jalen) (2018)
GNGR — “Without You” (2018)
Star Martin — “Walls” (2018)
Trevor Daniel — “Wake Up” (2018)
BR3 (feat. Jacquees) — “Used to This” (2018)
p-rallel (feat. Yiigaa & Finn Foxell) — “Signs” (2018)
gny — Present (2018)
Sameik Moore — “Bounce” (2018)
Adreyn Cash — “Angel’s Lie” (2018)
Parker Louis — All Good Things, Pt. One (2018)
Tru — “Young & Reckless” (2018)
Bae Louie — “Wonderful” (2018)
Rokusho (feat. Inga & Stille) — “Wishing for You” (2018)
bêlla — “sorry if u misunderstood” (2018)
SVĒ — “Njne1 (Not Just Anyone)” (2018)
Shaeane — “Bag of Bones” (2018)
Shaeane — “Joker” (2018)
Olloway — “August” (2018)
Light Gun Fire (feat. Marta Carvallo) — “All on You” (2018)
Ruuth — “All About” (2018)
Lil Candy Paint — “Sleep at Night” (2018)
Lord Narf (feat. Meltycanon) — “Rent” (2018)
Luxe — “Nothing to Me” (2018)
Vuyo — “Lord Knows” (2018)July 1Student 1 — Drag (2018)
brakence — hypnagogia (2018)
Loski — “I Been” (2018)JuneJune 30Cashwaveyboiz — waves (2018)
Sudan Archives — "Nont for Sale" (2018)
NDAI — "Nobody's Ting" (2018)
Allen Ritter — "Never Leave" (2018)
Diamonique Jackson — "Give Me a Sign" (2018)
HMLT (feat. TiKA) — "Gary" (2018)
Notifi — "Dramamine" (2018)
IVYxM — "But You" (2018)
Mogillah (feat. Georgia Anne Muldrow & Flote) — "Birds Eye's View" (2018)
Lfalfa — "What It Means" (2018)
Irie Lee — "Van Gogh" (2018)
Kiki Ireland — "Timid" (2018)
Manana — "Think About You" (2018)
Lunadira — "STUCK WITH YOU" (2018)
LOONY — "A Small Flame" (2018)
Kaptain Jay — "Skittle" (2018)
Kaptain Jay — "Night Out" (2018)
cktrl — SAG Playlist 1 (2018)
Yakul — "Realigned" (2018)
Shakale Davis — Note to Self (2018)June 29SAFE — "No Answer" (2018)
Bobby Earth — "Mood" (2018)
Tmmrw — "Lowkey" (2018)
PROMKNGHT — "Like I Do" (2018)
Asiah — Know Me (2018)
Hugo Joe & MexikoDro — Hugo Dro (2018)
Pro Reese — Fresh Off a Break Up (2018)
PxRRY — "FaLL BacK" (2018)
Kaycee Shakur — Divination (2018)
Fallon Favors — Destiny (2018)June 28Diego Money — Diego World (2018)
Haley Daniels — "Delirious" (2018)
Rabino — "Crocodile" (2018)
Easton — "Blue Love" (2018)
KC.. — Bare, Vol. 1 (2018)
TeaMarrr — "Bent Hella" (2018)
Swiss Army — Paris Mountain (2018)June 27N/AJune 26PYRMDPLAZA — The Void (2018)
Nfromthewave — "Pashun" (2018)
My Friend Alan — "Falling" (2018)
MadeByKuya — Universal (2018)
Jordana — "Body" (2018)
Jordan Dennis (feat. Blasko) — "Crumbs" (2018)
falcxne — "Slowly" (2018)
Dream League Soccer — "So I Broke Her Heart" (2018)
Coco Reilly — "Define You" (2018)
Bella Boo — Fire (2018)June 25Pi'erre Bourne — "Planet Namek" (2018)
Tim Atlas — All Talk! (2018)
KILLY — Surrender Your Soul (2018)
Calum Scott — Only Human (2018)June 24B.o.B — The Upside Down (2018)
Phoelix — TEMPO (2018)June 23N/AJune 22N/AJune 21N/AJune 20Niko Khale — Free Mind Rich Thoughts (2018)
Smerz — Have fun (2018)
Jonathan McReynolds — Make Room (2018)
Lawren — Get Your Change (2018)
Pouya — FIVE FIVE (2018)
Nap Eyes — I'm Bad Now (2018)
Acid Dad — Acid Dad (2018)June 19R.LUM.R — ALTERIMAGE (2018)
Jimi Hendrix — Both Sides of the Sky (2018)
Various Artists — A Wrinkle in Time (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
What So Not — Not All the Beautiful Things (2018)June 18YFN Lucci — Ray Ray from Summerhill (2018)
Wale — Self Promotion EP (2018)
The Voidz — "Coul as a Ghoul" (2018)
Valee (feat. Jeremih) — "Womp Womp" (2018)
Tee Grizzley — Activated (2018)
Stalley — "Chains Mr. T" (2018)June 17Sonta — "Ride for You" (2018)
Sonta — "Wishes" (2018)
Sonta — "Dream Girl" (2018)
Sonta — "Lovers N Friends" (2018)June 16Sonta — "Cut It (Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "Hopeful" (2015)
Sonta — "MMMM" (2015)
Sonta — "Medicine (Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "Letter from Sonta" (2018)
Sonta — "Screwed Up (Boo'd Up Remix)" (2018)
Sonta — "All I Want Is You (For Christmas)" (2016)
Sonta — "Hard to Love" (2017)
Sonta — "How You Gonna Act Like That" (2016)June 15Sonta — In My Feelings (Re-release) (2018)
Selena Gomez — "Back to You" (2018)
Sarah Louise — Deeper Woods (2018)
Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien (Acoustic)" (2018)
Rita Ora (feat. Cardi B, Bebe Rexha & Charli XCX) — "Girls" (2018)June 14Nina Nesbitt — "The Sun Will Come Up, The Seasons Will Change" (2018)
Marian Hill — Unusual (2018)
La Luz — Floating Features (2018)
Joji — "Yeah Right" (2018)June 13Jackie Hill Perry — Crescendo (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "You Can't Bring Me Down" (2018)
City Girls — PERIOD (2018)
Charlie Puth — Voicenotes (2018)
BJ The Chicago Kid — The Opening Ceremony (2018)
Beach House — 7 (2018)June 12Marqo 2 Fresh — Live Fast Die Young (2015)
MPR Tito — Rixh Blxxd (2018)
Lil Dude — ME (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Been Ballin" (2017)
Playboi Carti — "Arm & Leg" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Tragic" (2016)
Playboi Carti — "They Go Off" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Tank" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Supersonic" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Movin' Different" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Let 'Em In" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Kick" (2018)
Playboi Carti — "Drop" (2018)
Playboi Carti & SosaMann — "In the Lobby" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — Get Dough Presents Ski Mask The Slump God (2018)
Polo Boy Shawty — On the Track (2017)
Redd Coldhearted — Coldhearted EP (2017)
Slim 400 — Foe Reala (2018)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — Kids of the 6 (2017)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — SOUF6 (2018)June 11Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "MONY Walk" (2018)
Yung Mal & Lil Quill — Blessed Lil Bastards (2017)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever 2 (2016)
Rich Forever Music — Rich Forever Music: The Mixtape (2016)
Rich The Kid — Dabbin Fever (2015)
Rich The Kid — Flexxin on Purpose (2015)
Rich The Kid — Keep Flexin (2016)
Lil B — Platinum Flame (2018)June 10Frvrfriday — WHOISFRIDAY (2018)
KIDS SEE GHOSTS — KIDS SEE GHOSTS (2018)
Youngr — "Lost in Translation" (2018)
YourWelcome Shon — "Summa Hood Laude" (2018)
SUMR CAMP — "24-7" (2018)
Tove Lo (feat. Charli XCX, Icona Pop, Elliphant & ALMA) — "bitches" (2018)
Dagny — "Used to You" (2018)
NEEDTOBREATHE — "Bullets" (2018)
Erin Rae — Putting on Airs (2018)
Snail Mail — Lush (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "435" (2018)
Jeremih & Ty Dolla $ign — "The Light" (2018)
Chelsea Cutler — Sleeping With Roses (2018)
Kamiyah (feat. ScHoolboy Q) — "Addicted to Ballin'" (2018)
DeJ Loaf & Leon Bridges — "Liberated" (2018)
Rich The Kid — "Bring It Back" (2018)
Various Artists — SUPERFLY (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
Tory Lanez & Ozuna — "Pa Mi" (2018)
Lykke Li — so sad so sexy (2018)
Little Big Town — "Summer Fever" (2018)
JZVEL — "Tired Af" (2018)June 9Jorja Smith — Lost & Found (2018)
Ne-Yo — GOOD MAN (2018)June 8Bali Baby & Rockstar Marqo — Sosa & Tony: The Movie (2018)
CosaNostra Kidd — Wham (2018)June 7Rich The Kid — Trap Talk (2016)
André 3000 — Look Ma No Hands (2018)
Stalone — Uropa (2018)
Middle Kids — Lost Friends (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "Rainbows" (2018)
Kirsten Collins — "BAD" (2018)
Jade Novah — "Next to You" (2018)
Dan + Shay — "Alone Together" (2018)
CASS — "Not for Sale" (2018)
lil aaron — ROCK$TAR FAMOU$ (2018)
Cautious Clay — RESONANCE (2018)
YBN Almighty Jay — "2 Tone Drip" (2018)
Lil Skies (feat. Yung Pinch) — "I Know You" (2018)June 6Freedom Fry — Classic (2018)
Future (feat. Yung Bans) — "Bag" (2018)
Natalie Prass — The Future and the Past (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Easy" (2018)
Rex Orange County & Randy Newman — "You've Got a Friend in Me" (2018)
Liz Vice — Save Me (2018)
MNEK (feat. Hailee Steinfeld) — "Colour" (2018)
Third Party — "Free" (2018)
Mac Miller — "Programs" (2018)
A$AP Ferg — "Harlem Anthem" (2018)
Black Thought — Streams of Thought Vol. 1 (2018)
Lauv — I met you when I was 18. (the playlist) (2018)
The 1975 — "Give Yourself a Try" (2018)
Big Freedia — 3rd Ward Bounce (2018)
Florida Georgia Line — "Colorado" (2018)
Florida Georgia Line — "Simple" (2018)June 5Sabrina Carpenter — "Almost Love" (2018)
Kanye West — ye (2018)
Jade Bird — "Furious" (2018)
Meiko — Playing Favorites (2018)
Jessie J — R.O.S.E. (Empowerment) (2018)
Riley Clemmons — "Better for It (2018)
DREAMERS — "SCREWS" (2018)
NIKI — Zephyr (2018)June 4Parliament — Medicaid Fraud Dogg (2018)
Zaytoven — Trapholizay (2018)
Fortunate Ones — Hold Fast (2018)
Lindsay Ell — The Continuum Project (2018)
Sudan Archives — Sink (2018)
NDAI — "Time Heals All Wounds" (2018)
Maggie Rogers — "Fallingwater" (2018)
Naji — Act I (2018)June 3Silk — Silk (1995)June 2N/AJune 1Young Nudy (feat. 21 Savage) — "Since When" (2018)
D.O.D — "Glow" (2018)
The New Respects — "Freedom" (2018)
Clairo — diary 001 (2018)
Jorja Smith — "February 3rd" (2018)
Juice WRLD — Goodbye & Good Riddance (2018)MayMay 31Pusha T — DAYTONA (2018)
CHVRCHES — Love Is Dead (2018)
Shawn Mendes — Shawn Mendes (2018)
Drake — "I'm Upset" (2018)May 30The Internet — "Roll! (Burbank Funk) (KAYTRANADA Remix)" (2018)
Blue October — "Colors Collide" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "twenty eighteen" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "psycho heart!" (2018)
Jay Rock — "WIN" (2018)
Chaos Chaos — Chaos Chaos (2018)
Temi Omi (feat. Tierra Whack) — "Pull Up on You" (2018)
Alex Da Kid (feat. H.E.R. & Rapsody) — "Go" (2018)
KYLE — Light of Mine (2018)
Christina Aguilera (feat. Demi Lovato) — "Fall in Line" (2018)
Lil Baby — Harder Than Ever (2018)
Pharrell Williams & Camila Cabello — "Sangria Wine" (2018)May 29NIKI — "I Like U" (2018)
NIKI — "See U Never" (2018)
NIKI — "Chilly" (2018)
NIKI — "Vintage" (2018)
ORKID — "So Rude" (2018)
TOMI — "Coming Around" (2018)
Natalie Prass — "Lost" (2018)
Now, Now — "MJ" (2018)
Jennifer Hudson — "I'll Fight" (2018)
Ashe — "Choirs" (2018)
THEY. — "Ain't the Same" (2018)
Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien (M-22 Remix)" (2018)
Terrance Escobar (feat. Thouxanbanfauni) — "*D 4 L*" (2018)
Mike Jones — "All on Me" (2018)
A$AP Ferg & Elle Fanning — "Moon River" (2018)
Jasmine Thompson — "Lonely Together" (2018)
Houndmouth — "This Party" (2018)
Ginny Owens — "Remind Me" (2018)
Jean Deaux — "Energy" (2018)
morgxn — "me without you" (2018)
Gallant — "Doesn't Matter" (2018)
Chantel Jeffries (feat. Offset & Vory) — "Wait" (2018)
Tee Grizzley (feat. Chris Brown) — "Fuck It Off" (2018)
Wiz Khalifa (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Real Rich" (2018)
Jessie Reyez — "Body Count" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "Bloom" (2018)
Julia Michaels (feat. Trippie Redd) — "Jump" (2018)
Jess Glynne — "I'll Be There" (2018)
Dan + Shay — "All to Myself" (2018)
Charlie Puth (feat. Kehlani) — "Done for Me" (2018)
Charlie Puth — "The Way I Am" (2018)
Florence + The Machine — "Hunger" (2018)
Travis Scott (feat. Lil Uzi Vert & Kanye West) — "Watch" (2018)
Shawn Mendes (feat. Khalid) — "Youth" (2018)May 28N/AMay 27N/AMay 26A$AP Rocky — TESTING (2018)May 25N/AMay 24N/AMay 23N/AMay 22N/AMay 21N/AMay 20N/AMay 19Various Artists — Boomerang Soundtrack (1992)
Foggieraw — "Prolly" (2018)
BRYN (feat. Yung Fume) — "Pull Up" (2018)May 18Desiigner — L.O.D. (2018)May 17N/AMay 16N/AMay 15N/AMay 14N/AMay 13N/AMay 12April + Vista — "Own2" (2018)
Amy Grant — "Say It With a Kiss" (2018)
Jodeci — The Show, the After-Party, the Hotel (1995)May 11Playboi Carti — Die Lit (2018)May 10Leon Bridges — Good Thing (2018)
Rob $tone — Young Rob $tone (2018)
Jeremy Zucker — glisten (2018)
Yung Gravy — Snow Cougar (2018)
Amber Mark — Conexão (2018)May 9BlocBoy JB — SIMI (2018)
6 Dogs & Danny Wolf — 6 Wolves (2018)
Slim Jxmmi — Jxmtro (2018)
Swae Lee — Swaecation (2018)
Rae Sremmurd — SR3MM (2018)
Tove Styrke — Sway (2018)May 8Playboi Carti — "Foreign" (2018)
L.A. Salami — The City of Bootmakers (2018)
Laura Veirs — The Lookout (2018)
Jim Jones — Wasted Talent (2018)
nothing,nowhere. — ruiner (2018)May 7Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth — The Main Ingredient (1994)
Childish Gambino — "This Is America" (2018)
Madeline Kenney — Night Night at the First Landing (2017)
Annmarie — Tripolar (2018)
Georgi Jacobs — "Hard to Love" (2018)
Elle Teresa — KAWAII BUBBLY LOVELY (2018)May 6702 — No Doubt (1996)
A$AP Ferg — Still Striving (2017)
Madeline Kenney — Signals (2016)
21 Savage & Metro Boomin — Savage Mode (2016)
Trippie Redd — A Love Letter to You (2017)
Wintertime — I Know What You Did Last Winter (2016)
Cassy London — Realm (2017)May 5Cassy London — "Wonderland" (2016)
Diego Money — Go Diego EP (2017)May 4Diego Money — Diego & Friends (2017)
Evangeline Joy — Verbatim (2013)
Karen Waldrup — "Warm in Your Sunshine" (2017)
Phoebe Ryan — James (2017)
Nadia — Rebel (2017)
Jxck Kelly — "Nancy" (2018)
Jxck Kelly — "Nothing" (2018)
K. Cero — Songs About You (2017)
Soduh — The Crocodile (2018)May 3Phoebe Ryan — Mine EP (2015)
Ashaya — November (2016)
Evan Diamond — "Intersections" (2018)
Vai Petri — "Criminal" (2018)
Vai Petri — "Let Live" (2017)
Analisa Corral — Sugar Pills - Pack 1 (2018)
Kara Elyse — "Take Control" (2018)
Aced Spade (feat. Lé, Kiim Bosh, D. Laflair & Marko Stat$) — "Outta Sight" (2018)May 2Carnage — Battered Bruised & Bloody (2018)
Ciaran Lavery — Sweet Decay (2018)
Robert Glasper Experiment — Robert Glasper x KAYTRANADA: The ArtScience Remixes (2018)
Robotaki — Science (2018)
Skizzy Mars — are you OK? (2018)
Bazzi — COSMIC (2018)May 1Famous Dex — Dex Meets Dexter (2018)
The Aces — When My Heart Felt Volcanic (2018)
The Longshot — The Longshot EP (2018)
Luniz — No Pressure (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — Beware the Book of Eli (2018)
Kanye West — "Lift Yourself" (2018)
Cardi B — Invasion of Privacy (2018)
Serayah — Addicted (2018)
Sigrid — Raw (2018)
Smokepurpp & Murda Beatz — Bless Yo Trap (2018)
Young Thug — Hear No Evil (2018)
isaac gracie — isaac gracie (2018)
Sofi Tukker — Treehouse (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "God's Plan" (2018)
Moon Taxi (feat. Sofi Tukker) — "Two High (Sofi Tukker Remix)" (2018)
Terri Clark & Dallas Smith — "One Drink Ago" (2018)
Ne-Yo, Bebe Rexha & Stefflon Don — "PUSH BACK" (2018)
Daryl Hall & John Oates (feat. Train) — "Philly Forget Me Not" (2018)
THEY. & DEAN — "Dante's Creek (deantrbl Remix)" (2018)
Nelly (feat. Jacquees) — "Freaky with You" (2018)
Amine (feat. Injury Reserve) — "Campfire" (2018)
Ralo & P.Skud — "Don't Worry" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — "Meant to Be (Acoustic)" (2018)
Jenny Hval — "Spells" (2018)
Calpurnia — "Louie" (2018)
DREAMS — "Silence" (2018)
Gang Gang Dance — "Lotus (edit)" (2018)
Royce da 5'9" (feat. Ashley Sorrell) — "Stay Woke" (2018)AprilApril 30Chaos Chaos — "Pink Politics" (2018)
La Luz — "The Creature" (2018)
REMMI — "Desperate" (2018)
Couros — "Young" (2018)
Highasakite — "Out of Order" (2018)
Mavi Phoenix — "Yellow" (2018)
TOMI — "Every Morning I Feel Like Running Away" (2018)
Wet — "Soften" (2018)
Asteph — "No One Will Smile" (2018)
AUGUST 08 — "Lately" (2018)
Alae — "Stone Cold" (2018)
Jackson Penn — "Babylon" (2018)
Morgan Wallen — "Happy Hour" (2018)
Allen Stone — "Brown Eyed Lover" (2018)
Higher Brothers & DJ Snake — "Made in China" (2018)
The Shires — "The Hard Way" (2018)
Dierks Bentley — "The Mountain" (2018)
Kideko — "Good Thing" (2018)
Marian Hill — "Wish You Would" (2018)
Powers Pleasant (feat. Joey Bada$$ & A$AP Ferg) — "Pull Up" (2018)
Tritonal (feat. Riley Clemmons) — "Out My Mind (Club Mix)" (2018)
Bearson (feat. Ashe) — "Get Lost" (2018)
Cole Swindell  — "Somebody's Been Drinkin'" (2018)
Ekali & Medasin (feat. Elohim) — "Forever" (2018)
Christopher — "Bad" (2018)
Amy Shark — "I Said Hi" (2018)
50 Cent (feat. PnB Rock) — "Crazy" (2018)
SATICA — "Inner Child" (2018)
DJ Megan Ryte (feat. Tory Lanez & HoodCelebrityy) — "On & On" (2018)
John Splithoff — "Raye" (2018)
Gavin James — "Always" (2018)
Aries — "SAYONARA" (2018)
Juice WRLD — "All Girls Are the Same" (2018)
Brandy Burnette & Dwilly (feat. Kayo Genesis) — "Hands Down" (2018)
BATE (feat. Blake Rose & Radio 3000) — "One I Love" (2018)
Florence + the Machine — "Sky Full of Song" (2018)
Cash Cash (feat. Abir) — "Finest Hour" (2018)
Louis the Child (feat. Wafia) — "Better Not" (2018)
5 Seconds of Summer — "Youngblood" (2018)
ZAYN — "Let Me" (2018)
G-Eazy (feat. Yo Gotti & YBN Nahmir) — "1942" (2018)
Gianna Adams — I Don't Know (2018)
Drake — "Nice for What" (2018)
Catherine McGrath — "Wild" (2018)
Trinidad Cordova — "Even If" (2018)
Youngr — "Drive" (2018)
Marshmello & Anne-Marie (feat. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie) — "FRIENDS (A Boogie Wit da Hoodie Remix)" (2018)April 29Empress Of — Trust Me Baby / In Dreams (2018)
Derek Minor (feat. Dre Murray, Chino Dollaz & Anesha Birchett) — "Decisions" (2018)
Phora — "Come Thru" (2018)
nobigdyl. — "enemies?" (2018)
Patrick Paige II (feat. Syd & Kari Faux) — "On My Mind / Charge It to the Game" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — "Chun-Li" (2018)
King Princess — "Talia" (2018)
Swae Lee (feat. Slim Jxmmi) — "Guatemala" (2018)
Lil Pump — "Esskeetit" (2018)
Bebe Rexha (feat. Quavo) — "2 Souls on Fire" (2018)
Bebe Rexha — "Ferrari" (2018)
Nicki Minaj — "Barbie Tingz" (2018)
Keith Urban — Graffiti U (2018)
Half Waif — Lavender (2018)
Janelle Monáe — Dirty Computer (2018)
We Are Scientists — Megaplex (2018)
Cicada Rhythm — Everywhere I Go (2018)
Twin Shadow — Caer (2018)April 28Elohim — Elohim (2018)
Sarah Reeves — Easy Never Needed You (2018)
Buzzy Lee — Facepaint (2018)
XXXTENTACION — ? (2018)
Anne-Marie — Speak Your Mind (2018)
SahBabii (feat. 21 Savage) — "Outstanding" (2018)
Peso da Mafia — "About Us" (2018)
Codes — GO DOWN / THAT CRACK (2018)April 27NEEDTOBREATHE — "Darling" (2018)
Kailee Morgue — "Fuck U" (2018)
Meg Myers — "Numb" (2018)
Shea Diamond — "Keisha Complexion" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie — "Right Moves" (2018)
Tee Grizzley (feat. Lil Yachty) — "2 Vaults" (2018)
Aloe Blacc — "Brooklyn in the Summer" (2018)
The Internet — "Roll! (Burbank Funk)" (2018)
Clairo — "4EVER" (2018)
Jason Mraz — "Have It All" (2018)
Imagine Dragons — Evolve (2017)
Onyx — Black Rock (2018)
Young Scooter — Trippple Cross (2018)April 26Towkio — WWW. (2018)
Black Milk — FEVER (2018)
Blac Youngsta — 223 (2018)
Quinn XCII — The Story of Us (Deluxe Tracks) (2018)
Quinn XCII — The Story of Us (2017)April 25J. Cole — "Want You to Fly" (2017)
Skool Boy (Skoolie 300) — After Skool Vol. 1 (2009)April 24S. Carey — Hundred Acres (2018)
SOB X RBE — GANGIN (2018)
Kodak Black — Heart Break Kodak (HBK) (2018)
Rockstar Marqo — Fuck Rap'n (2018)
The Dopplegangaz — "Fajita Effect" (2018)
Ugly God — just a lil something before the album... (2018)April 23E-40 & B-Legit — Connected and Respected (2018)
ALLBLACK — Outcalls (2018)
Katelyn Tarver — "LY4L" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Cathedral (Acoustic)" (2017)
Princess Nokia — A Girl Cried Red (2018)
Tinashe — Joyride (2018)
The Paper Kites — On the Train Ride Home (2018)
Mýa — T.K.O. (The Knock Out) (2018)
Bishop Briggs — Church of Scars (2018)
Lord Huron — Vide Noir (2018)
The Chainsmokers — Sick Boy (2018)
Sasha Sloan — sad girl (2018)
Anna Leone — Wandered Away (2018)
Carrie Underwood — "Cry Pretty" (2018)
Lykke Li — deep end / hard rain (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — PRETTYMUCH an EP (2018)April 22A$AP TyY — Best Kept Secret (2016)
A$AP TyY — Troubles of the World (2018)
A$AP Rocky — "Herojuana Blunts" (2018)
Thouxanbanfauni — The EXFiles (2017)
XVL Hendrix — Blessings & a Curse 2 (2018)
Thouxanbanfauni — Heavy Weight Champ (2017)
Flatbush ZOMBiES — Vacation in Hell (2018)April 21Migo Domingo — Menace II Society (2018)
A$AP Ant — The Best of A$AP Ant 2017 (2018)
Off Bloom — "Love Actually" (2018)
Halsey (feat. Stefflon Don) — "Alone (Calvin Harris Remix)" (2018)
Jack & Jack — "Stay with Me" (2018)
JGrrey — "Growing" (2018)
FIDLAR — "Alcohol" (2018)
Mahalia — "No Reply" (2018)
AURORA — "Queendom" (2018)
Channel Tres — "Controller" (2018)
Hobo Johnson — "Peach Scone" (2018)
Calvin Harris & Dua Lipa — "One Kiss" (2018)
Wiz Khalifa — "420 Freestyle" (2018)
Schilly (feat. Nessly) — "Higher" (2018)
Caitie Hurst — "How Could I Be Silent" (2018)
Vacationer — "Being Here" (2018)
KB — "No Chains" (2018)
Cam — "Palace (Cover)" (2018)
L.I.F.T — "WANNA DIE" (2018)
Anik Khan (feat. Burna Boy & Sango) — "Oh My" (2018)
Naughty Boy, RAY BLK & Wyclef Jean — "All or Nothing" (2018)
Hyphen Hyphen — "KND" (2018)
Rae Sremmurd (feat. Travis Scott) — "CLOSE" (2018)
Jeremy Zucker (feat. Chelsea Cutler) — "better off" (2018)
6 Dogs (feat. Lil Skies) — "Off the Gas" (2018)
Jean Deaux — "SSN (They Say)" (2018)
CRUISR — "Mind Eraser" (2018)
Anne-Marie — "2002" (2018)
Caitie Hurst — "Nothing to Hide" (2018)
Leon Bridges — "Beyond" (2018)
iZNiiK — "round the world" (2018)
BURNS (feat. Maluma & Rae Sremmurd) — "Hands on Me" (2018)
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie (feat. Tory Lanez) — "Best Friend" (2018)
Khalid, 6LACK & Ty Dolla $ign — "OTW" (2018)
Prince — "Nothing Compares 2 U" (2018)
VHS Collection — "One" (2018)
Courtney Barnett — "City Looks Pretty" (2018)
VanJess — "Addicted" (2018)
Casey Veggies (feat. Wiz Khalifa) — "Show Off" (2018)
Bas (feat. Correy C) — "Pinball II" (2018)
Shae Jacobs — "Space" (2018)
Confetti — "When I Grow Up" (2018)
Bahari — "Savage" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "No Recess" (2018)
Warhol.SS — "Birds Nest" (2018)April 20Billie Eilish & Khalid — "lovely" (2018)
Russ (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Basement" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "I Like That" (2018)
Ariana Grande — "no tears left to cry" (2018)
J. Cole — KOD (2018)April 19Yung Bans — Yung Bans Vol. 4 (2018)
Berhana — "Whole Wide World" (2018)
RuthAnne — "The Vow" (2018)
Ray LaMontagne — "Such a Simple Thing" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Something About You" (2018)
BlocBoy JB (feat. 21 Savage) — "Rover 2.0" (2018)
San Holo (feat. Taska Black) — "Right Here, Right Now" (2018)
Underoath — "Rapture" (2018)
Snail Mail — "Pristine" (2018)
Mr. Popular — "Price Is Right" (2018)
Marc Scibilia — "Over You" (2018)
Eminem (feat. Kehlani) — "Nowhere Fast (Extended Version)" (2018)
Steve Angello & Sam Martin — "Nothing Scares Me Anymore" (2018)
Thandi Phoenix — "My Way" (2018)
Steve Aoki & Quintino — "Mayhem" (2018)
CVIRO & GXNXVS — "Lady" (2018)
Chloe x Halle — The Kids Are Alright (2018)
Alec King — "Keep It Real" (2018)
Spencer Ludwig — "Just Wanna Dance" (2018)
Goody Grace — Infinite (2018)
joan — "i loved you first" (2018)
Ernest K., Case Arnold & Bryant Taylorr — "I Love My City" (2018)
Jack & Jack — "I Don't Know" (2018)
Nightly — "Holding On" (2018)
Bazzi — "Honest" (2018)
Hiss Golden Messenger — Hiss Golden Messenger Meets Spacebomb (2018)
FINNEAS — "Heaven" (2018)
No Jumper (feat. Tay-K & BlocBoy JB) — "Hard" (2018)
070 Shake — Glitter (2018)
Sonta — In My Feelings (2017)
Jason Aldean — "Gettin' Warmed Up" (2018)
NONONO — "Friends" (2018)
kiLL edward — "Tidal Wave (just a little reference)" (2018)
Two Door Cinema Club — Four Words to Stand On (2018)
Kodaline — "Follow Your Fire" (2018)
David Guetta & Sia — "Flames" (2018)
Golden Features — "Falling Out" (2018)
Let's Eat Grandma — "Falling into Me" (2018)
Mishegas — "Episodes" (2018)
Grizfolk — "Endless Summer" (2018)April 18Trouble & Mike WiLL Made-It — Edgewood (2018)
CHVRCHES — "Miracle" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — "SKIMeetsWorld" (2018)
ELEL — "Early in the Morning" (2018)
Snow Patrol — "Don't Give In" (2018)
Sheck Wes — "Do That" (2018)
Marian Hill — "Differently" (2018)
Ryan Hurd — "Diamonds or Twine" (2018)
Autograf (feat. Lils & Bonsai Mammal) — "Dead Soon" (2018)
Lil Skies (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Creeping" (2018)
Burak Yeter — "Crash" (2018)
Keith Urban (feat. Julia Michaels) — "Coming Home" (2018)
Diplo — California (2018)
NEEDTOBREATHE — "Bridges Burn" (2018)
E^ST — "Blowjob" (2018)
SHY Martin — "Bad in Common" (2018)
The Shadowboxers — Apollo (2018)
Vory — "9.22" (2018)
The Aces — "Waiting for You" (2018)
Zaytoven (feat. Yung Cakes) — "Time Too" (2018)
Mike Jones — "Some Show Me Love" (2018)
Pete Rock (feat. Amxxr) — "Rap Caviar" (2018)
RaeLynn — "Queens Don't" (2018)
SD — Pay Attention (2018)
Noname (feat. Sniperghini) — "Nikey" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — The Neighbourhood (2018)
Jose Guapo — Lingo 2: The Return (2018)
Chief Keef — The Leek Volume 4 (2018)April 17Lil Yachty — Lil Boat 2 (2018)
Migos (feat. Hoodrich Pablo Juan) — "Migo Pablo" (2018)
Foggieraw — Fogtavious Vandross (2018)
Gravediggaz — "Enter the Graveyard Chamber" (2018)
Cautious Clay — "Cold War (Stripped)" (2018)
AJR — "Burn the House Down" (2018)
Waka Flocka Flame, Zaytoven & Big Bank — The Brick House Boyz (2018)
Halsey (feat. Big Sean & Stefflon Don) — "Alone" (2018)
Mary Chapin Carpenter — Sometimes Just the Sky (2018)April 16Frank Ocean — Endless (2016)
Her — Her (2018)
Zhané — Pronounced Jah-Nay (1994)
LSG — Levert.Sweat.Gill (1997)
Cardi B — "Be Careful" (2018)April 15Tove Styrke (feat. Björn Yttling) — "Say My Name (Acoustic Version)" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "... Baby One More Time" (2015)
Tove Styrke — "liability (demo)" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "Mistakes" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "Changed My Mind" (2018)
Tove Styrke — "Say My Name" (2017)
Tove Styrke — "On the Low" (2018)
OutKast — Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik (1994)
Steffany Gretzinger — Blackout (2018)April 14N/AApril 13Doja Cat — Amala (2018)
A Tribe Called Quest — Beats, Rhymes and Life (1996)
A Tribe Called Quest — Midnight Marauders (1993)
Jean Grae & Quelle Chris  — Everything's Fine (2018)April 12Ashley McBryde — Girl Going Nowhere (2018)April 11Craig Mack (feat. Q-Tip) — "Get Down (Q-Tip Remix)" (1994)
Damar Jackson — Unfaithful (2018)
The Voidz — Virtue (2018)April 10DJ Esco — KOLORBLIND (2018)
Bloodboy — "Is Now a Good Time to Ruin Your Life?" (2018)
Kylie Minogue — "Raining Glitter" (2018)
Hinds — "Finally Floating" (2018)
Andra Day — "I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free" (2018)
CHVRCHES — "Never Say Die" (2018)
Tinashe (feat. Ty Dolla $ign & French Montana) — "Me So Bad" (2018)
Billie Eilish — "bitches broken hearts" (2018)
Grace VanderWaal — "Clearly" (2018)
Tori Kelly (feat. The HamilTones) — "Help Us to Love" (2018)
Lizzo — "Fitness" (2018)
Cassadee Pope — "Take You Home" (2018)
Jessie Reyez (feat. Daniel Caesar) — "Figures, a Reprise" (2018)April 9Henry Green — Shift (2018)April 8N/AApril 7A$AP Rocky (feat. BlocBoy JB) — "Bad Company" (2018)
Ty Dolla $ign (feat. Gucci Mane & Quavo) - "Pineapple" (2018)
ARTY — "Rain" (2018)
Tyler, The Creator — "OKRA" (2018)
Lauv — "Chasing Fire" (2018)April 6Hayley Kiyoko — Expectations (2018)April 5Rich The Kid — The World Is Yours (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — Golden Hour (2018)
The Weeknd — My Dear Melancholy, (2018)
Louisa (feat. 2 Chainz) — "YES" (2018)
Alyson Stoner — "When It's Right" (2018)April 4D'Angelo — Brown Sugar (1995)
Troop — Attitude (1989)April 3Christopher Williams — Changes (1992)April 2Guy — The Future (1990)
Silk — Lose Control (1992)April 1DJ SpinKing (feat. A$AP Ferg, Tyga, Velous & Jeremih) — "Adult Swim" (2014)
Busta Rhymes & Q-Tip — The Abstract and the Dragon (2013)MarchMarch 31H-Town — Fever for da Flavor (1993)March 30The Internet — Feel Good (2013)
The Internet — Ego Death (2015)March 29N/AMarch 28N/AMarch 27N/AMarch 26N/AMarch 25N/AMarch 24Belly (feat. YG) — "4 Days" (2018)
Thirty Seconds to Mars (feat. A$AP Rocky) — "One Track Mind" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "High Horse" (2018)
Shawn Mendes — "Lost in Japan" (2018)
grandson — "thoughts & prayers" (2018)
Panic! At the Disco — Say Amen for Silver Linings (2018)
KYLE (feat. Kehlani) — "Playinwitme" (2018)
Amara La Negra — "Insecure" (2018)
Keith Urban (feat. Julia Michaels) — "Coming Home" (2018)
Shawn Mendes — "In My Blood" (2018)March 23at Wendys — We Beefin? (2018)
Tove Styrke — Kiddo (2018)
Warhol.SS — Where's Warhol? (2017)
MadeinTYO — True's World (2017)
StaRR Lyfe — "Fuck Tomi Lahren (Shut Up Bitch)" (2016)
Warhol.SS — Warhol 16' (2017)
Warhol.SS — 3200 (2017)
Jeremih — The Chocolate Box (2018)March 22Playboi Carti — "Shake N Bake" (2018)
Sammie — Series 31873.0 (2018)
Marshmello (feat. Leah Culver) — "Fly" (2018)
Steffany Gretzinger — "Save Me" (2018)
Jason Derulo — "Colors" (2018)
FLETCHER — "I Believe You" (2018)
KYLE — "To the Moon" (2018)
Vince Staples — "Get the Fuck Off My Dick" (2018)
DROELOE — "Many Words" (2018)
Buddy (feat. A$AP Ferg) — "Black" (2018)
Phora — "Boss Up" (2018)
The Knocks (feat. Foster The People) — "Ride or Die" (2018)
Neko Case — "Hell-On" (2018)
REMMI — "Minimum Wage" (2018)
morgxn — "translucent" (2018)
Ashley Monroe — "Paying Attention" (2018)
The Aces — "Just Like That" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "OK" (2018)
Trinidad James — "T.I.B.E. (This Is Black Excellence)" (2018)
Bankroll Fresh — "Whole 4" (2018)
Loote — "Your Side of the Bed" (2018)
JP Saxe — "The Few Things" (2018)
Years & Years — "Sanctify" (2018)
Alison Wonderland — "No" (2018)
Wifisfuneral — "25 Lighters" (2018)
Johnny Yukon — "Lonely" (2018)
Yoke Lore — "Fake You" (2018)
Sjowgren — "Beginners" (2018)
Barns Courtney — "Sinners" (2018)
Brett Castro — "Much About Sadness" (2018)
Louis The Child (feat. Joey Purp) — "Shake Something" (2018)
Jordan Hollywood — "Cash Out" (2018)
Parquet Courts — "Wide Awake" (2018)
Wet — "There's a Reason" (2018)
Liv Dawson — "Talk" (2018)
Dermot Kennedy — "Young & Free" (2018)
Beach House — "Dive" (2018)
Jon Hopkins — "Emerald Rush" (2018)
Sofi Tukker — "Baby I'm a Queen" (2018)
TRACES — "Before I Wilt" (2018)
Spazz Cardigan — "Episode" (2018)
CXLOE — "Monster" (2018)March 21Necklace — "Easy" (2018)
George Ezra — "Hold My Girl" (2018)
Sea Girls — "Eat Me Whole" (2018)
Shaylen — "Take It Back" (2018)
Salt Cathedral — "No Love" (2018)
Lil Jay Brown — Money Luvin Youngin: The Lick Tape (2018)
John Wic — One Gunman (2018)
Famous Dex & Polo Boy Shawty — When Polo Met Dexter (2018)March 20Astrid S — Party's Over (Acoustic) (2017)
Bell Biv DeVoe — Poison (1990)
Mobb Deep — The Infamous Archives (2007)
Sy Ari da Kid — After the Heartbreak (2018)March 19Jonathan Wilson — Rare Birds (2018)
Current Joys — A Different Age (2018)March 18Cape Cope — How to Socialise & Make Friends (2018)March 17N/AMarch 16N/AMarch 15Sabrina Carpenter & Jonas Blue — "Alien" (2018)
Katie Herzig — Moment of Bliss (2018)March 14Haley Heynderickx — I Need to Start a Garden (2018)March 13The Breeders — All Nerve (2018)
Waka Flocka Flame — Benjamin Flocka (2011)March 12Moby — Everything Was Beautiful, and Nothing Hurt (2018)
The Undercover Dream Lovers — In Real Time (2018)
Larry June — You're Doing Good (2018)
Moss Kena — Found You in 06 (2018)
JOY. — Six (2018)March 11N/AMarch 10Mikky Ekko — ADVANCE COPY EP (2018)
Margaret Glaspy — Born Yesterday (2018)
Valee — GOOD Job, You Found Me (2018)
Soccer Mommy — Clean (2018)March 9Nessly — Wildflower (2018)
ALMA — Heavy Rules Mixtape (2018)
Superorganism — Superorganism (2018)
Lucius — NUDES (2018)
Mt. Joy — Mt. Joy (2018)March 8Tory Lanez — MEMORIES DON'T DIE (2018)March 7B5 — B5 (2005)
Digable Planets — Blowout Comb (1994)March 6Digable Planets — Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and Space) (1993)
B2K — B2K (2002)March 5Sophie Rose — "Pink Lipstick" (2018)
Subway — Good Times (1995)
Katelyn Tarver — "Never Fade" (2018)
Casey Veggies (feat. 03 Greedo) — "Broke" (2018)
UnoTheActivist (feat. Rich The Kid) — "Fabo (Remix)" (2018)
Madge — "Fight or Flight Club" (2018)
Frankie Simone — "War Paint" (2018)
Funky Craig & Tommie Sunshine — "Where the Drums At" (2018)
BOBI ANDONOV — "Smoke" (2018)
Molly Moore — "Tough Love" (2018)
Maths Time Joy (feat. Flores) — "Going Nowhere" (2018)
What So Not (feat. Winona Oak) — "Beautiful" (2018)
Saba — "Busy" (2018)
TV Noise (feat. Drew Love) — "Run" (2018)
Now, Now — "AZ" (2018)
Amber Mark — "Love Me Right" (2018)
Northern Faces — "Firecracker" (2018)
Carlos Vara — "Numb" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — "Nervous" (2018)
pronoun — "run" (2018)
XXXTENTACION — "changes" (2018)
Young Fathers — "Toy" (2018)
EBEN — "LAMBO" (2018)
Fickle Friends — "Wake Me Up" (2018)
XXXTENTACION — "SAD!" (2018)
Zaytoven (feat. Ty Dolla $ign, Jeremih & OJ da Juiceman) — "What You Think" (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Gucci Mane) — "We Don't Luv Em (Remix)" (2018)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Smooky's Story" (2018)
Sauce Walka — "Sauce Baby" (2018)
Lil Yachty (feat. Digital Nas) — "Revenge" (2018)
Flatbush Zombies — "Headstone" (2018)
Kap G & Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "Boss Luv" (2018)
Jose Guapo (feat. Young Scooter) — "Blame It on the Streets" (2018)
Miriam Bryant — "Black Car" (2018)
nothing,nowhere. — "hammer" (2018)
Coast Modern — "Electric Feel" (2018)
Godsmack — "Bulletproof" (2018)
The Moondoggies — "Sick in Bed" (2018)
Hawthorne Heights — "Pink Hearts" (2018)
Everette — "Slow Roll" (2018)
Natalie Prass — "Short Court Style" (2018)
Fedel — Gold Package (2018)
The Blaze — "HEAVEN" (2018)
The Kills — "Steppin' Razor" (2018)
The Kills — "List of Demands (Reparations)" (2018)March 4Little Dragon — "Best Friends" (2018)
Ryan Kinder — "Leap of Faith" (2018)
Smokepurpp & Murda Beatz — "123" (2018)
Tom Misch (feat. De La Soul) — "It Runs Through Me" (2018)
SG Lewis — "Coming Up" (2018)
Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell — "Magic" (2018)
Jordan Davis — "Going 'Round" (2018)
LA Riots — Do Your Thing/All Good (2018)
Joyner Lucas & Chris Brown — "Stranger Things" (2018)
Fisher — "Crowd Control" (2018)
MVEK — "Tongue" (2018)
Flo Rida — "Dancer" (2018)
Jack White — "Over and Over and Over" (2018)
Gucci Mane (feat. Migos & Lil Yachty) — "Solitaire" (2018)
Meghan Trainor — "No Excuses" (2018)
CHVRCHES (feat. Matt Berninger) — "My Enemy" (2018)
DJ Khaled (feat. JAY Z, Future & Beyoncé) — "Top Off" (2018)
Zapp — Zapp II (1982)
Illegal — The Untold Truth (1993)
Another Bad Creation — It Ain't What U Wear, It's How U Play It (1993)
Another Bad Creation — Coolin' at the Playground Ya Know! (1991)
Zapp — Zapp (1980)
Marqo 2 Fresh — Marqo da Monster (2016)
N II U — N II U (1994)March 3Young Nudy (feat. Hoodrich Pablo Juan) — "Do It" (2016)
RX Peso — Rixh Drugs (2018)March 2Playboi Carti — "Shawty in Love" (2018)
Confetti — "People Suck" (2018)
Max Frost — "Good Morning" (2018)
Svrcina — "Whispers" (2018)
Ramz — "Power" (2018)
Jake Miller (feat. Jabbar Hakeem) — "The Girl That's Underneath" (2018)
Sigala (feat. Paloma Faith) — "Lullaby" (2018)
VanJess (feat. Berhana & Leikeli47) — "Easy" (2018)
Yung Fume & Zaytoven (feat. Young Nudy) — "Something Else" (2018)
Timeflies — "Are You Down" (2018)
Pentatonix — "Havana" (2018)
Tritonal (feat. Riley Clemmons) — "Out My Mind" (2018)
Preme — "No Defeat" (2018)
Ski Mask The Slump God — "DoIHaveTheSause?" (2018)
Sophie Simmons — "Black Mirror" (2018)
The Night Game — "Bad Girls Don't Cry" (2018)
Clara Mae — "I Forgot" (2018)
George Taylor — "Stay Warm" (2018)
KLP (feat. Milwaukee Banks) — "Carried Away" (2018)
Hembree — "Continents" (2018)
Carlie Hanson — "Us" (2018)
Vancouver Sleep Clinic — "Ayahuasca" (2018)
Alex Lustig (feat. Akacia) — "In the End" (2018)
Robinson — "Nothing to Regret" (2018)
Nessly (feat. Joji) — "Make It Right" (2018)
NoMBE (feat. Big Data) — "Drama" (2018)
RAYE, Mabel & Stefflon Don — "Cigarette" (2018)
Riz La Vie — "Napkins" (2018)
JOHN.k — "Best of Me" (2018)
Yuno — "No Going Back" (2018)
Emma McGrath — "Love You Better" (2018)
Superorganism — "Reflections on the Screen" (2018)
King Princess — "1950" (2018)
Mickey Shiloh (feat. Rami Beatz) — "Funny When" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Lottery (Acoustic)" (2018)
Ray J (feat. Kid Ink) — "Feeling Like Love" (2018)
Foggieraw (feat. DJ Yung Vamp) — "Moncler Bubble" (2018)
The Aces — "Lovin Is Bible" (2018)
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds — "God Help Us All (Demo Version)" (2018)
Nohidea & killedmyself — "and then, it swallowed me" (2018)
Spice 1 — "2 Many Movies" (2018)
Haux — "Ricochet" (2018)
Ashley Monroe — "Hands on You" (2018)
Zilo — "Keep Up Wimi" (2018)
24hrs (feat. Lil Pump) — "Lie Detector" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "Django Jane" (2018)
GASHI — "1134" (2018)
CeeLo Green — "Brick Road" (2018)
Lewis Capaldi (feat. Jessie Reyez) — "Rush" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "Space Cowboy" (2018)
Bishop Briggs — "White Flag" (2018)
5 Seconds of Summer — "Want You Back" (2018)
Bazzi — "Gone" (2018)
David Guetta, Martin Garrix & Brooks — "Like I Do" (2018)
Kacey Musgraves — "Buterflies" (2018)
Janelle Monáe — "Make Me Feel" (2018)
Logic — "44 More" (2018)
Post Malone (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) — "Psycho" (2018)
Stalley — Tell the Truth Shame the Devil, Vol. 2 (2018)
Stalley — Tell the Truth Shame the Devil (2017)
Cautious Clay — Blood Type (2018)March 1Holly Miranda — Mutual Horse (2018)
Caroline Rose — LONER (2018)
Bea Miller — aurora (2018)FebruaryFebruary 28B.o.B — B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray (2010)
Young Nudy — Nudy Land (2017)
Beyoncé — B'Day (2006)
DENM — Is Whatever (2018)February 27Snoop Dogg— 220 (2018)
Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd & SZA — Black Panther: The Album (Music from and Inspired By) (2018)
Young Nudy — Slime Ball 2 (2017)
Young Nudy — Slime Ball (2016)February 26Tinashe — Aquarius (2014)
Fat Joe & Remy Ma (feat. French Montana, InfaRed, Snoop Dogg, The Game & E-40) — "All the Way Up (Westside Remix)" (2016)
Pale Waves  — ALL THE THINGS I NEVER SAID (2018)
Kero Kero Bonito — TOTEP (2018)
Sonder — Into (2017)
Ravyn Lenae — Crush EP (2018)
Charlotte Day Wilson — Stone Woman (2018)
Good Gas — Good Gas, Vol. 1 EP (2018)
2 Chainz — The Play Don't Care Who Makes It (2018)
BoA — ONE SHOT, TWO SHOT - The 1st Mini Album (2018)February 256ix9ine — DAY69 (2018)
Various Artists — Fifty Shades Freed (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) (2018)
A$AP Ant — The Prelude (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan & Brodinski — The Matrix (2018)February 24Scrape Gang Marcos (feat. Marqo 2 Fresh) — "Went to Sleep" (2017)
Timbaland & Magoo — Welcome to Our World (1997)
Playa — Cheers 2 U (1998)
Tha Dogg Pound — Dogg Food (1995)
Madilyn Bailey — Wiser EP (2016)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Hacked My Instagram, Pts. 1 & 2" (2017)February 23DrugRixh Hect (RX Hector) — Hector Vol. 1 (2017)
Flatlinerz — U.S.A. (1994)
Gravediggaz — 6 Feet Deep (1994)
Joe — All That I Am (1997)
Amil — A.M.I.L. (All Money Is Legal) (2000)February 22Wale — Summer on Sunset (2016)
Ray J — All I Feel (2008)
Valerie June — For the Loved & Loveless (2018)
Madison McFerrin — Finding Foundations Vol. II (2018)February 21DrugRixh Hect (RX Hector) — Ian Never Had Shit (2016)
Ugly God (feat. PnB Rock) — "Imma Dog" (2018)
Sean Paul & David Guetta (feat. Becky G) — "Mad Love" (2018)
Tory Lanez — "B.I.D" (2018)
Wale — "All Star Break Up" (2018)
Tinashe (feat. Future) — "Faded Love" (2018)
YG — "Suu Whoop" (2018)February 20Kim Petras — "Heart to Break" (2018)
Sammi Sanchez (feat. Reykon) — "Pum Pum" (2018)
SOPHIE — "Faceshopping" (2018)
Derek Minor — "It Is What It Is" (2018)
Madilyn Bailey — "Tetris" (2018)
Sofia Reyes (feat. Jason Derulo & De La Ghetto) — "1, 2, 3" (2018)
The Neighbourhood — "Void" (2018)
PRETTYMUCH — "10,000 Hours" (2018)
Lauv — "Getting Over You" (2018)
Khalid & Normani — "Love Lies" (2018)
Frank Ocean — "Moon River" (2018)
A$AP Rocky (feat. 21 Savage, Gucci Mane & London on da Track) — "Cocky" (2018)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Honeyberry" (2017)
Pi'erre Bourne — "Hacked My Instagram" (2018)February 19N/AFebruary 18N/AFebruary 17N/AFebruary 16N/AFebruary 15Alyson Stoner — "Someone to Call My Lover" (2018)February 14Rome — Rome (1997)February 13DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell: Part 1 (Remastered) (2014)
6LACK — "Cutting Ties" (2018)
Mindless Behavior — All Around the World (2013)
DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell 2 (1995)
Joe — Ain't Nothin' Like Me (2007)February 12DJ Paul & Lord Infamous — Come With Me to Hell (1994)
Marshmello & Anne-Marie — "FRIENDS" (2018)
Lotto Savage — Don Slaughter (2016)
Monica — After the Storm (2003)
Gianna Adams (feat. Jhen) — "Fallen" (2018)February 11Thouxanbanfauni — Heavy (2015)
Thouxanbanfauni — Untitled (2016)
Brandy — Afrodisiac (2004)
August Alsina — Testimony (2014)
Thouxanbanfauni — Heavier EP (2015)
Thouxanbanfauni — 34 EP (2016)
Keith Sweat (feat. K-Ci) — "How Many Ways" (2018)
Parliament (feat. Scarface) — "I'm Gon Make U Sick O'Me" (2018)
Trinidad James — "Zion" (2018)
K. Michelle (feat. Nathan Jain) — "Make This Song Cry (Nathan Jain Remix)" (2018)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Lil Dude & Goonew) — "Take Down" (2018)
Sherwood Marty — "Wild'n" (2018)
MadeinTYO — "Picture Me Rollin" (2018)
Snoop Dogg (feat. Tye Tribbett) — "You" (2018)
Onyx (feat. Skyzoo) — "Ima Fuckin Rockstar" (2018)February 10Jennifer Lopez — "Us" (2018)
The Aces — "Volcanic Love" (2018)
Tedashii — "Smile" (2018)
Fireflight — "I Won't Look Back" (2018)
Dorothy — "Who Do You Love" (2018)
Sonder — "One Night Only" (2018)
grandson — "Overdose" (2018)
Au/Ra — "Panic Room" (2018)
King Combs (feat. Chris Brown) — "Love You Better" (2018)
Ne-Yo — "GOOD MAN" (2018)
Rich The Kid — "Plug Walk" (2018)
Noah Cyrus (feat. MØ) — "We Are..." (2018)
A-Trak & Falcons (feat. Young Thug & 24hrs) — "Ride for Me" (2018)
Brent Faiyaz — "Make Luv" (2018)
Calvin Harris (feat. PARTYNEXTDOOR) — "Nuh Ready Nuh Ready" (2018)
Billy Paul — 360 Degrees of Billy Paul (1972)
Justin Timberlake — The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 (2013)February 9Goonew — Goonwick (2018)
Miilkbone — da' Miilkrate (1995)February 8Justin Timberlake — The 20/20 Experience (2010)
ARY — "Childhood Dreams" (2017)
Bell Biv DeVoe — "Gangsta" (1993)
Anjali World — Brave New World (2015)
Sabrina Carpenter — "Smoke and Fire" (2016)
Hodgy — Fireplace: TheNotTheOtherSide (2016)
The Aces — I Don't Like Being Honest (2017)
69 Boyz — 199Quad (1994)
Keyshia Cole — 11:11 Reset (2017)February 7The Isley Brothers — 3+3 (1973)
Mike Jones — Who Is Mike Jones? (Screwed & Chopped) (2005)
Da Youngsta's — I'll Make U Famous (1995)
Twista — Adrenaline Rush (1997)February 63LW — 3LW (2000)
Beyoncé — 4 (2012)
R. Kelly — 12 Play (1993)
B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e (Bone Thugs-N-Harmony) — Faces of Death (1993)
Mindless Behavior — #1 Girl (2011)February 5Nebu Kiniza — "Gassed Up" (2016)
Charlotte Lawrence — "The Finish Line" (2014)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Ever After" (2015)
Jahi Winston — "Shine" (2017)
Teairra Marí — "Deserve" (2014)
School Gyrls (FOREVER) — A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day (2010)
A1 (feat. Chris Brown & Ty Dolla $ign) — "Always" (2017)
Kendrick Lamar — DAMN. (2017)
Chance The Rapper — Coloring Book (2016)
Booby Gibson (feat. Brooke Valentine) — "Nobody Knows" (2017)
Migos & Hoodrich Pablo Juan — "I Can" (2017)
Migos — Culture (2017)
Zoey Dollaz — M'ap Boule (2017)
Ski Mask The Slump God — YouWillRegret (Reloaded) (2018)
Brontë — "Salt" (2017)
Hailee Steinfeld & BloodPop® — "Capital Letters" (2018)
Brontë — "You've Got a Ticket" (2017)February 4Playboi Carti & Lil Uzi Vert — "Break the Bank" (2017)
Bishop Briggs — "Never Tear Us Apart" (2018)
Quinn XCII — "Iron & Steel" (2018)
Brandi Carlile — "Whatever You Do" (2018)
Sarah Reeves — "Feel the Waters" (2018)
Busta Rhymes (feat. Missy Elliott & Kelly Rowland) — "Get It" (2018)
Rick Ross (feat. T-Pain & Kodak Black) — "Florida Boy" (2018)
RaeLynn — "Festival" (2018)
The Weeknd & Kendrick Lamar — "Pray for Me" (2018)
Molly Parden — "Who Did You Leave for Me" (2018)
Caitlyn Canty — "Motel" (2018)
Caroline Rose — "Getting to Me" (2018)
Fitness — "Matter of Time" (2018)
Thunderpussy — "Torpedo Love" (2018)
Trinidad Cardona — "Dinero" (2018)
Doja Cat — "Roll With Us" (2018)
TK Kravitz (feat. Jacquees) — "Ocean" (2018)
CLOVES — "Bringing the House Down" (2018)
3LAU & Nevve — "On My Own" (2018)
Sasha Sloan — "Normal" (2018)
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony — Strength & Loyalty (2007)February 3Tay-K — "After You" (2018)
SWV — It's About Time (1992)
Sammie — Coming of Age (2017)
Mariah Carey — The Emancipation of Mimi (2005)February 2Members Only — Members Only, Vol. 3 (2017)
Jeremih & Chance The Rapper — Merry Christmas Lil' Mama (Re-Wrapped) (2017)
Private Club Records — ILUVTPC V1 (2017)
Sauce Walka — Holy Sauce (2016)
Chris Brown, OHB & Section Boyz — Attack the Block (2016)
Goonew — Certified Goon (2017)
Chris Brown & OHB — Before da Trap: Nights in Tarzana (2016)February 1Zoedajit — "Dracula" (2017)
24hrs — "RUNNIN 3X" (2016)
24hrs — "Last Man" (2016)
YRN Lingo — Strawberry (2017)
YRN Lingo — Coming for Your Ice (2015)
YRN Lingo — Blue Ski (2016)
Plies — The Pussy Monster (2008)
YRN Lingo — Red Ski (2015)JanuaryJanuary 31Mango Foo — Ear Hustling (2016)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Seventeen" (2017)
Moon Taxi — Let the Record Play (2018)
Emmanuel Hudson & Phillip Hudson — Ratchet Du Soleil (2014)
SiR — November (2018)January 30Ray J & Chris Brown — Burn My Name (2017)
Fall Out Boy — M A N  I  A (2018)
Noname — Telefone (2016)January 29YRN Lingo — Lingo Mufasa (2017)
Famous Dex — Read About It (2017)
UnoTheActivist — Sorry for the Wait (Brooke's Interlude) (2017)
Kailee Morgue — Medusa (2018)
Julia Michaels — "Heaven" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Sleep Talking" (2017)
LEYYA — Sauna (2018)
Caitlyn Smith — Starfire (2018)
MILCK — This Is Not the End (2018)
First Aid Kit — Ruins (2018)
For All Seasons — Clarity (2018)January 28Ivy Sole — Eden (2016)
Ivy Sole — West (2017)January 27UnoTheActivist — Gift of Gab (2015)
UnoTheActivist & Thouxanbanfauni — For Christ Sake (2015)
Ravyn Lenae — Moon Shoes EP (2016)
A$AP Ant — "Racks on Me" (2017)
Tory Ruperto — Ruined (2018)January 26Rayana Jay — Morning After (2017)
Charlotte Lawrence — "You're the One That I Want" (2017)
Kent Jones — "Merengue" (2018)
Ace Hood — "Uber" (2018)
Charlotte Day Wilson — "Nothing New" (2018)
The Aces — "Fake Nice" (2018)
I'm With Her — "Overland" (2018)
IDK (feat. Leo Gee) — "Vlone" (2018)
Charlotte Lawrence — "Just the Same" (2018)
Elohim — "Fuck Your Money" (2018)
Zaytoven — Trapping Made It Happen (2017)
Beyoncé — LEMONADE (2016)
Various Artists — Damn Son Where'd You F!nd Th!s: Elevate & Extravagant Edition (2018)
Marqo 2 Fresh — 30 Nights in LA (2018)
Bruno Mars — "The Lazy Song (Single Version)" (2011)
Bruno Mars — Doo—Wops & Hooligans (2010)January 25Jamila Woods — HEAVN (2017)
Tammy Rivera — "All These Kisses" (2017)
Pell — girasoul (2017)
Alina Baraz (feat. Khalid) — "Electric" (2017)
Tammy Rivera (feat. Rico Love) — "Only One" (2017)January 24Ta-ku & Wafia — (m)edian (2016)
Queen Naija — "Medicine" (2017)
LIVVIA (feat. Quavo) — "Catch a Body" (2018)January 23Wafia — XXIX (2015)
Casey Veggies — Customized Greatly Vol. 2 (2009)
Sandra Lynn — Fight (2018)
Lil Dude — Martin Luther Luciano (2018)January 22Casey Veggies — Customized Greatly Vol. 1 (2007)
Tinashe (feat. Iggy Azalea) — "All Hands on Deck (Remix)" (2015)January 21Taylor Swift — reputation (2017)
Jay Z — 4:44 (2017)
Sonder — Sheath (2016)
Sonder — Undone (2016)
Sonder — Victoria (2016)January 20Wafia — VIII (2018)
Fredo Santana — Fredo Kruger (2013)
AZ — Doe or Die (1995)
Eazy-E — It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa (1993)
Tyler, The Creator — "Fuck Love" (2009)
TTDD (Tyler, The Creator, Taco, Domo Genesis & Jasper Dolphin) — "Love in da Mall" (2010)
Mac Bari — "Fuck Bron Bron" (2016)
Fredo Santana — It's a Scary Site (2012)
Toni Braxton — "Deadwood" (2017)
Earl St. Clair — "Christmas Without You" (2017)
Anderson East — "Girlfriend" (2018)
Drake — Scary Hours (2018)
Remy Ma (feat. Chris Brown) — "Melanin Magic (Pretty Brown)" (2018)
Nipsey Hussle (feat. YG) — "Last Time That I Checc'd" (2018)
Lucy Dacus — "Addictions" (2018)
Kassi Ashton — "California, Missouri" (2018)
Lolo Zouaï — "Blue" (2018)
Betty Who — "Ignore Me" (2018)
Rita Ora — "PROUD" (2018)
Bella Thorne — "Burn So Bright" (2018)
Ugly God & Jacin Trill — "lettetznow" (2018)
Arty (feat. April Bender) — "Sunrise" (2018)
Keith Urban — "Parallel Love" (2018)
The Chainsmokers — "Sick Boy" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "The Good Side" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "Supplies" (2018)January 19OG Maco & Key! — Give Em Hell (2014)
Various Artists — Above the Rim Soundtrack (1994)
Ludacris — Battle of the Sexes (2010)
Jack Mushroom — One Up (2012)January 18MC Lyte — Ain't No Other (1993)
Heltah Skeltah — Nocturnal (1996)
Tinashe (feat. Offset) — "No Drama" (2018)January 17Tyler, The Creator — "Sleep Freestyle" (2009?)
Chris Brown — Heartbreak on a Full Moon Deluxe Edition: Cuffing Season - 12 Days of Christmas (2017)January 16Yaggfu Front — Action Packed Adventure! (1993)
Channel Live — Station Identification (1995)January 15Chris Brown — Royalty (2015)
Keith Ape & Ski Mask The Slump God — "Achoo!" (2017)
No Plug (feat. 21 Savage) — "A Savage" (2017)
Flatbush ZOMBiES (feat. Deadcats) — "Aries" (2016)
Miranda Cosgrove — "Dancing Crazy" (2010)
Miranda Cosgrove — "Raining Sunshine" (2009)
Katy Perry (feat. Skip Marley) — "Chained to the Rhythm" (2017)
Kap G — "Rings" (2017)
Kate Kay Es — "Working" (2017)
Nebu Kiniza (feat. Lil Yachty) — "Wake Up" (2017)
Jessie J — "Queen" (2017)
Teenage Wrist — "Swallow" (2017)
Sigrid — "Strangers" (2017)
John Legend — "Woodstock" (2017)
Pell — "chirpin'" (2017)
MILCK — "Quiet" (2017)
Nipsey Hussle (feat. Swizz Beatz) — "Been Down" (2017)
DJ Premier (feat. A$AP Ferg) — "Our Streets" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Hood" (2017)
PLAZA — "Pick Up" (2017)
Gorillaz (feat. Little Simz) — "Garage Palace" (2017)
autumn keys — "i can't move" (2016)
CLAY — "Forgotten How to Fly" (2017)
Clean Bandit (feat. Julia Michaels) — "I Miss You" (2017)
Happy Sometimes — "Love for the Weekend" (2017)
Alina Baraz — "Lavender and Velvet" (2017)
Alina Baraz — "Buzzin" (2017)
Lamb Saga (feat. Pi'erre Bourne) — "You Neva Know" (2014)
DrugRixh Scarfo da Plug (Scarfo da Plug)  — "Happier" (2017)
Hayley Kiyoko — "Sleepover" (2017)
Kate Kay Es — "Love Too Hard" (2017)
Tyga — "Temperature" (2017)
The Black Eyed Peas — "STREET LIVIN'" (2018)
K CAMP — "Cranberry Juice" (2018)
Chris Bloom — "Learning Curve" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Money Talk" (2017)
PLAZA — "All Mine" (2017)
YG (feat. DJ Mustard) — "Pop It, Shake It" (2017)
Haley Georgia — "Shots" (2017)
Katelyn Tarver — "Planez" (2016)
Rachel Platten — "Broken Glass" (2017)
Kiiara (feat. Felix Snow) — "Whippin" (2017)
Gianna Adams — "Dear Santa" (2017)
Alessia Cara — "How Far I'll Go" (2016)
24hrs — "You Know" (2016)
24hrs (feat. Gucci Mane) — "Not Impressed" (2016)
Spiffy Global (feat. Rizzoo Rizzoo & Sauce Walka) — "Spill Wit It" (2017)
Smooky MarGielaa — "The Judge" (2017)
Jazmine Sullivan (feat. Bryson Tiller) — "Insecure" (2017)
Willow — "F Q—C # 7" (2015)
Willow — "I Am Me" (2012)
Louisa Johnson — "Forever Young" (2015)
Alicia Eris — "Sweet Kill" (2018)
Smooky MarGielaa — "Vlone Flex" (2018)January 14Chris Brown & Tyga — Fan of a Fan: The Album (2015)
Camila Cabello — Camila (2018)January 13The Neighbourhood — To Imagine (2018)
The Neighbourhood — Hard (2017)
Jade Bird — Something American (2017)
Creek Boyz — "Trap Digits" (2018)
Justine Skye — "Heaven" (2018)
Hayley Kiyoko — "Curious" (2018)
Rhye — "Song for You" (2018)
GASHI — "Used to Be" (2018)
First Aid Kit — "Ruins" (2018)
Audrey Assad — "Drawn to You" (2018)
Jade Bird — "Lottery" (2018)January 12Dua Lipa — "IDGAF" (2018)
Codes — Club Meditation (2018)
Eminem (feat. 2 Chainz & Phresher) — "Chloraseptic (Remix)" (2018)
Kali Uchis (feat. Tyler, The Creator & Bootsy Collins) — "After the Storm" (2018)
Troye Sivan — "My My My!" (2018)
Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar & Future — "King's Dead" (2018)
Various Artists — Christmas on Death Row (1996)
Mad Flava — From tha Ground Unda (1994)
Chris Brown — Before the Party (2015)January 11OCHO AOK — "Cookin'" (2017)
Chris Brown — X Files (2013)January 10Chris Brown — X (2014)
Chris Brown — Fortune (2012)January 9Machine Gun Kelly — bloom (2017)
Gucci Mane — El Gato: The Human Glacier (2017)
Travis Scott & Quavo — Huncho Jack, Jack Huncho (2017)
Nohidea & Sleepdealer — Nowhere (2017)
Smoke Trees — Best of Tinder-Dates (2017)
Ayo & Teo — "Like Us" (2017)
Swoope — "Never Left" (2017)
Cassie — "Don't Play It Safe" (2017)
Snoop Dogg & Boyz II Men — "Santa Claus Goes Straight to the Ghetto 2017" (2017)
Migos — "Stir Fry" (2017)
Cardi B (feat. 21 Savage) — "Bartier Cardi" (2017)January 824hrs — Open EP (2016)
Various Artists — Murder Was the Case Soundtrack (1994)
Various Artists — The Show Soundtrack (1995)
Chris Brown — F.A.M.E. (2011)
Lucy Dacus — "Night Shift" (2017)
Wafia — "Only Love" (2017)
Creek Boyz (feat. Lil Yachty) — "With My Team (Remix)" (2017)
Sylvan Esso — "There Are Many Ways to Say I Love You" (2017)
Timbaland (feat. 6LACK) — "Grab the Wheel" (2017)
Kim Petras (feat. lil aaron) — "Faded" (2017)
Charli XCX — Pop 2 (2017)
N.E.R.D — NO_ONE EVER REALLY DIES (2017)
Eminem — Revival (2017)January 7Hoodrich Pablo Juan — Master Sensei (2016)January 6Hoodrich Pablo Juan — Rich Hood (2018)
Caitlyn Smith — "Contact High" (2018)
Joan As Police Woman — "Tell Me" (2018)
MILCK — "This Is Not the End" (2018)
Darlene McCoy — "Even Me" (2018)
Rosie Carney — "K." (2018)
Arlissa & Jonas Blue — "Hearts Ain't Gonna Lie" (2018)
H.E.R. — "My Song" (2018)
cupcakKe — Ephorize (2018)
Lil Pump — "Designer" (2018)
I'm With Her — "Game to Lose" (2018)
Bruno Mars (feat. Cardi B) — "Finesse (Remix)" (2017)January 5Liam Payne & Rita Ora — "For You" (2018)
Kendrick Lamar & SZA — "All the Stars" (2018)
Justin Timberlake — "Filthy" (2018)January 4Playboi Carti — In Abundance (2016)
Lil Dude — Luciano 2.0 (2017)
Lil Dude & Goonew — Homicide Boyz (2017)January 3The Jet Age of Tomorrow — God's Poop or Clouds? (2017)
POWERS — "Georgie" (2017)
Morningsiders — "Somewhere in Between" (2017)
Lost Kings — "Don't Call" (2017)
Camila Cabello — "Real Friends" (2017)
Migos & Marshmello — "Danger" (2017)
6ix9ine — "KOODA" (2017)
Trippie Redd (feat. Travis Scott) — "Dark Knight Dummo" (2017)
London on da Track (feat. Young Thug, Ty Dolla $ign, Jeremih & YG) — "Whatever You On" (2017)
Riley Clemmons — "Broken Prayers" (2017)
K. Michelle — KIMBERLY: The People I Used to Know (2017)
T.I. (feat. Young Thug, Lil Wayne & Jeezy) — "About the Money (Remix)" (2014)January 2Camila Cabello — "Never Be the Same" (2017)
Luke Bryan — What Makes You Country (2017)
Big Sean & Metro Boomin — Double or Nothing (2017)
The Jackson 5 — ABC (1970)January 1Aaliyah — Aaliyah (2001)
Hoodrich Pablo Juan (feat. Marlo) — "The 9 + Z6ne" (2017)
Chris Brown — In My Zone 2 (2010)
Pell  — "All in a Day's Work" (2016)
Ace Hashimoto (feat. RAU DEF) — "Don't Pick Up" (2017)
Playboi Carti (feat. MadeinTYO, Lil Yachty & UnoTheActivist) — "WHAT (Remix)" (2016)
Waka Flocka Flame — Salute Me or Shoot Me 2.5 (2009)
Chris Brown — In My Zone: Rhythm & Streets (