

For February 2023 album releases, visit this page

This page highlights the notable singles released in all genres throughout February 2023.… Read More 2/1
Anna Shoemaker - "Holly"
Big One, Emilia & Callejero Fino - "En la Intimidad"
​bLAck pARty - "BOMB (Remix)" ft. Latto
Briella - "Electricidad"
daine - "portal"
Dolores Forever - "When I Say So"
Elita - "She Bangs like a Fairy on Acid"
Ellie Goulding - "Like A Saviour"
Girl Ray - "Everybody's Saying That"
Inhaler - "If You're Gonna Break My Heart"
Jake Shears - "Too Much Music"
Kwite - "DGTL footprint"
Maluma & Marc Anthony - "La Fórmula"
Martin Luke Brown - "elsie"
Petite Noir - "Blurry" ft. Sampa The Great
Rachel Chinouriri - "Maybe I'm Lonely"
Sam Nelson - "forever, now"
Tennis - "Forbidden Doors"
The Tallest Man On Earth - "Evеry Little Heart"
2/2
許廷鏗 (Alfred Hui) - "良心發現 (Guilty Consciеnce)"
Cios - "YS30"
Conrad Sewell - "Ferris Wheel"
Franky Style, Obie Wanshot & Awesome Pierre - "Coco"
Hozwal & Young Miko - "Big Booty"
JEUNESAINT - "Pu$$Y Tsunami"
JP Saxe & Camilo - "Moderación"
KAROL G & Romeo Santos – "X SI VOLVEMOS"
Luck Ra, La T y La M & Rusherking - "Quiero Creer"
Peach PRC - "Perfect For You"
Ptazeta & Lola Indigo - "Tiki Tiki"
RAYE - "Ice Cream Man."
Skrillex & Nai Barghouti - "Xena"
Slipknot - "Bone Church"
Unknown Mortal Orchestra - "Layla"
Yami Safdie & Milo j - "El Bolero (acoustic)"
2/3
AK - "Solid"
Alandes & StormyKid - "Mamita Mía"
Amaria - "Get Away"
American Authors - "We Happy"
Anne-Marie - "SAD B!TCH"
ARIA VEGA - "ANONIMATO"
Arizona Zervas - "MISS ME"
Austin Awake & Vory - "Settle"
Beenie Man - "Sail Out"
Betty Who - "Running Up That Hill"
BRELAND - "For What It's Worth (Acoustic)"
Canals - "¿cómo negar?"
Carlie Hanson - "Blueberry Pancakes"
Claire Rosinkranz - "Sad In Hawaii"
Derivakat & Cartian - "Let Me Let You Go"
Dierks Bentley - "Cowboy Boots" ft. Ashley McBryde
Donna Lewis & Digital Farm Animals - "ILYAF (i love you always forever)"
Dreamville, JID & Lute - "Ma Boy"
Drew Sycamore - "In The Club"
Elli Moore - "Green Juice"
Emei - "Scatterbrain"
Enchanting - "Love Shit"
ESSEL & James Hurr - "Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!)"
FEYZAL - "Should I Let Go"
FL Dusa - "Exhausted" ft. Kevin Gates
GIRLI - "Imposter Syndrome"
GloRilla - "Internet Trolls"
Hannah Grae - "I Never Say No"
James Vickery - "(I Get So) Emotional"
Jay Wheeler - "SOS"
Jonas Blue & Felix Jaehn - "Weekends"
Jordan Davis - "Money Isn't Real"
Kane Brown & Katelyn Brown - "Thank God (Spring Symphony Version)"
Kane Brown & Katelyn Brown - "Thank God (Spring Symphony Instrumental)"
Katie Melua - "Those Sweet Days"
Kuttem Reese - "Parking Lot"
Lily Williams - "How The Story Ends"
Lil Zay Osama - "Humble"
Lizzy McAlpine - "Hold On"
Lyn Lapid & Ruth B. - "Do U Really?"
Marshmello - "Unity"
METTE - "Mama's Eyes"
Mike Posner & salem ilese - "Howling at the Moon"
Milow - "Never Too Late"
Money Musik, NAV & SoFaygo - "Double Faces"
NEA - "A Lover Like Me"
NERIAH - "FALLING 4 SOMEBODY"
Nia Archives - "Conveniency"
Nicky Romero - "Turn Off The Lights"
NLE Choppa - "Champions"
OldPurp & Yung Beef - "En Verda" ft. GoldChains & Marko Lenz
Owl City - "Adam, Check Please"
PinkPantheress & Ice Spice - "Boy's a liar Pt. 2"
Powfu - "life in a locker" ft. Jomie & Skinny Atlas
Rob49 - "4GOD II"
ROSIE - "Startover"
Russ - "Can't Get This Right"
Sam Fischer - "You Don't Call Me Anymore"
Sessi - "Flexa"
Sigala & MNEK - "Radio (SILK Remix)"
Steve Aoki & CNCO - "Diferente"
The Wombats - "Is This What It Feels Like to Feel Like This? (Myd Remix Radio Edit)"
Tink - "Toxic"
Tones and I - "I Made It"
Ward Thomas - "Loved by You"
YONAKA - "PANIC"
Zak Abel - "What Love Is"
黃凱逸 (Zelos Wong) - "吟鈴 (In Control)"
2/5
Peter Gabriel - "The Court (Dark-Side Mix)"
2/6
Barrie - "Races"
Big Time Rush - "Can't Get Enough"
Billie Marten - "Nothing But Mine"
Juanse & J. Lemón - "Mariposas"
2/7
Bakar - "Good News"
Dream Wife - "Hot (Don't Date a Musician)"
Harriette - "Goodbye Texas"
Kate Davis - "Call Home"
Kelela - "Enough for Love"
Logic - "Paradise II" ft. Norah Jones
LUDMILLA - "Sou Má" ft. Tasha & Tracie
Miles Chancellor - "Mistakes"
Nicole Millar - "hugs"
slowthai - "Feel Good"
Yaya Bey - "exodus the north star"
Yot Club - "A/I WRITTEN YOT CLUB SONG"
You Me At Six - "God Bless the 90s Kids"
2/8
A R I Z O N A - "Moving On"
Ashnikko - "You Make Me Sick!"
Babyface Ray & 42 Dugg - "Ron Artest"
BENEE - "Green Honda"
Blessd - "AP"
Budjerah - "Therapy"
Chiiild - "Antidote"
Coach Party - "Micro Aggression"
Daughter - "Party"
Fran Rozzano - "Como Sabes"
Gengahr - "A Ladder"
Indigo De Souza - "Younger and Dumber"
Jack River & Genesis Owusu - "Endless Summer"
kmoe - "crush"
Li Rye - "RACKS" ft. Anti Da Menace
Mysie - "CTRL"
SHY Martin - "late night thoughts"
Sophie Ellis-Bextor - "Breaking the Circle"
Squid - "Swing (In a Dream)"
Ten Tonnes - "Monday Morning"
The Plot In You - "Left Behind
2/9
3AM - "Emeycé" ft. Danny Ocean
Abraham Mateo & Luis Fonsi - "Bora Bora"
Álvaro Díaz & Sen Senra - "1000CANCIONES"
Baby Rose - "I Won't Tell" ft. Smino
Babyface - "As a Matter of Fact"
Central Cee - "Me & You"
Cyclo - "Libertad"
Depeche Mode - "Ghosts Again"
El Alfa & Prince Royce - "LE DOY 20 MIL"
flowerovlove - "Love You"
Jason Derulo & David Guetta - "Saturday/Sunday"
Jean Deaux - "JD's Revenge"
Jessie Ware - "Pearls"
Kevin Roldán & Bryant Myers - "S.E.X.O"
Kim Loaiza - "Infieles"
Lasso - "Los Hombres Son Todos Iguales"
Lenny Tavárez - "Felicidades"
Lizzo - "Special (Remix)" ft. SZA
Marshmello - "Eternal"
Mau y Ricky - "Miami"
Now United - "It's Gonna Be Alright"
Sael - "Europeo"
Symon Dice & CNCO - "Borrachita"
Whitney Houston - "Testimony"
2/10
Adriel Favela - "En Este Amor"
Ali Gatie - "All Comes Back To You"
Ayra Starr - "Sability"
Bad Gyal - "Chulo"
Bailey Zimmerman - "Fix'n To Break"
Barely Alive & Kompany - "T.O.A.D."
Beck - "Thinking About You"
Billy Raffoul - "Bliss"
BoyWithUke - "Rockstar"
Bryce Vine - "Gold Rush"
Clara Mae - "When You're Young"
Col3trane - "Simp"
CuteBad - "Hot Stuff"
CXLOE - "Cheating on Myself"
Daniel Caesar - "Let Me Go"
Dhurata Dora - "Sonne"
DJ Scheme, Ski Mask the Slump God & Danny Towers - "Florida Waters" ft. Luh Tyler
Dove Cameron & Khalid - "We Go Down Together"
Dudi - "2 Extraños"
Eddie Benjamin - "All for Nothing"
Ella Vos & Tei Shi - "Salty"
Emilie Nicolas - "Everyday"
French Montana & 2Rare - "RATATAAAAA"
Gracie Abrams - "Amelie"
griffin tomaino - "Okay Without You"
Jahmiel - "Letter to My Kids"
Janine - "If I Call"
Jasiah - "RED EYES BLACK DRAGON" ft. 1nonly
JAWNY - "fall in love"
Jax Jones & Calum Scott - "Whistle"
Jeremy Zucker - "internet crush"
Jordan Ward - "CHERIMOYA"
Jordin Sparks - "STADIUMS"
Jubël - "No More Tears"
Karol Sevilla - "Miedo de Sentir"
Kevin Gates - "Breakfast"
KB Mike - "Rider"
Lauren Spencer-Smith - "Best Friend Breakup"
Lennixx - "I Might"
LG Malique - "Too Easy"
Lil Darius - "Pimpin Ain't Easy"
Linkin Park - "Lost"
Logan Michael - "Whiskey Serenade"
Lovejoy - "Call Me What You Like"
Lucky Daye - "Careful"
Luke Combs - "Love You Anyway"
Mae Stephens - "If We Ever Broke Up"
Maeta - "S(EX)"
Masego - "Two Sides"
Masicka & Jahshii - "Pieces"
Mckenna Grace - "Checkered Vans"
Moby - "In This World (Resound NYC Version)" ft. Marisha Wallace & Nicole Scherzinger
NAV - "Lately"
otuka - "never enough"
Peking Duk - "I Want You" ft. Darren Hayes
Phillip Phillips - "Dancing With Your Shadows"
Plain White T's - "Spaghetti Tattoo"
Project Peters - "Circle of Friends"
RINI - "My Luv"
Roy Woods - "Don't Love Me"
Ryan Destiny - "Lie Like That"
Saiko & The Prodigiez - "Sikora"
Sam Hunt - "Walmart"
Shawn Christmas - "Hadaka no Yuusha"
Skylar Grey - "Love the Way You Lie Part III"
Stela Cole - "Roses"
tan feelz - "Medicate"
Taylor Swift - "Lavender Haze (Felix Jaehn Remix)"
The Kid LAROI - "Kids Are Growing Up (Part 1)"
The Living Tombstone & CG5 - "4GET" ft. OR3O
Tom Speight - "If This Is How the Story Ends"
Tove Lo - "Borderline"
VINCINT - "Romance"
Wasia Project - "Petals On The Moon"
YG & Lambo4oe - "Let's Ride" ft. Ty Dolla $ign
Zacari - "Motions" ft. Ab-Soul
Zeballos - "Sold Out"
2/12
Seal - "Kiss From a Rose (2023)"
2/13
Ely Blancarte - "After Party" ft. Saga WhiteBlack
JONTY - "Pd: No +"
Rauw Alejandro & Angel Dior - "TAMO EN NOTA"
serpentwithfeet - "Gonna Go"
Skrillex, Bibi Bourelly & Sonny Moore - "Don't Get Too Close"
The Lemon Twigs - "Any Time of Day"
Zpecial - "Her"
2/14
A Boogie wit da Hoodie - "No 808s" ft. Vory
All Time Low - "Modern Love"
​beabadoobee - "Glue Song"
Brooke Candy - "Juicy Fruit"
Dear Jane - "懷舊金曲之夜 (Golden Oldies Night)"
Dende - "Nightmares"
Fetty Wap - "Tonight"
Fuerza Regida & Becky G - "Te Quiero Besar"
洪嘉豪 (Hung Kaho) - "My Secret Park"
Iravera - "Leave You Lonely"
Jackboy & Ronny J - "Everyday Valentine's Day"
JULI - "ENCONTRARME"
徐嘉浩 (Kevin Kaho Tsui) - "Lemme"
Lana Del Rey - "A&W"
Lul Bob - "Dey The Ones"
Mae Muller - "As It Was"
Mario - "Used To Me" ft. Ty Dolla $ign
MC 張天賦 (Cheung Tinfu) - "世一 (The One For U) (不可一世 Not For Me)" ft. Kiri T
Now United - "Love Is Love"
P!nk - "When I Get There"
Princess Nokia - "closure"
RubberBand - "戀人日常 (的直線抽擊) (The Basic Strokess in a Relationship)"
Sebastián Cortés - "Cuando Me Tocas"
ThxSoMch - "HATE"
TINI - "Cupido"
Valiant - "Lover Boy"
Vybz Kartel - "Anything You Want Girl"
周殷廷 (Yan Ting) - "My Everything"
Yung Bleu - "Games Women Play"
Zae France - "What It Do" ft. Fridayy
2/15
100 gecs - "Hollywood Baby"
Aly & AJ - "After Hours"
Bea Miller - "cynical"
Don Toliver - "4 Me" ft. Kali Uchis
Jason Mraz - "I Feel Like Dancing"
馮允謙 (Jay Fung) - "入場人士注意 (Bring Out Ya Fire)"
kayan9896 - "Think I’m In Love"
Lauren Spencer-Smith - "28"
Levi Roth - ​"kissed ur girl"
Lucauy - "Sadchata"
Matt Citron - "Do You Think Of Me?"
Now United - "Cotton Candy"
Teo Bok - "Esperanza" ft. Ela Taubert, Joaquina, RIZA, Paola Guanche & JULI
Zakhar - "My One"
2/16
Alison Goldfrapp & Paul Woolford - "Fever"
Anuel AA & Messiah - "Drippin"
Babi & Denom - "Marte"
Christian Nodal - "Un Cumbión Dolido"
COLLAR - "Take Me Away"
Daddy Yankee, Justin Quiles & Dalex - "LA HORA Y EL DÍA"
David Bisbal - "Ajedrez"
Duki - "Si Me Sobrara el Tiempo"
GALE - "Nuestra Canción"
Gera Demara & CNCO - "Extraños"
​isaac gracie - "the man who flew into space"
Janelle Monáe - "Float"
Jhosy - "Zikidown"
­kayan9896 - "Think I’m In Love"
Men I Trust - "Ring of Past"
NF - "HOPE"
Omar Koonze - "DEBAJO DEL MAR"
Reykon - "Zaza (Chimbita)" ft. Xantos, LATENIGHTJIGGY
Robin Schulz - "Sweet Goodbye"
Sebastián Yatra - "Una Noche Sin Pensar"
Tei Shi - "¿QUIÉN TE MANDA?"
2/17
AK - "Sad To The Bank"
Armin van Buuren & Blasterjaxx - "La Bomba"
Astrid S - "Side Effects"
bbno$ - "still"
Bebe Rexha - "Heart Wants What It Wants"
Busy Signal - "Lets Go"
Christian French - "thank god"
Clinton Kane - "Dancing All Alone"
Cloudy June & emlyn - "You Problem"
David Guetta & Marten Hørger - "The Freaks"
Despotem, FLOONK & H3ro - "So Cold"
DJ Drama - "HO4ME" ft. A Boogie wit da Hoodie, Lil Baby
FAST BOY & Topic - "Forget You"
Flo Milli - "Nasty Dancer"
FY - "Habibi (Greek Remix)" ft. Ricky Rich
Grace Gaustad - "The Cloud"
Icona Pop & Galantis - "I Want You"
Karley Scott Collins - "Petty in the 80s"
Kidd Keo - "Solo Freestyle"
Kira Brown & AMEX - "Mi dolor"
Latto - "Lottery" ft. LU KALA
Lostboycrow - Waving Goodbye (Reimagined) ft. Brooke Alexx
Mejiias & bosco herrero - "ORIGEN"
Mimi Webb - "Roles Reversed"
Nessa Barrett - "BANG BANG!"
Niall Horan - "Heaven"
Ninja Sex Party - "I Own A Car"
Nio García & Jay Wheeler - "Aborrecío"
Now United - "Throwback"
OG Parker - "Still Work" ft. Ty Dolla $ign & Muni Long
Omar Apollo - "3 Boys"
piri & tommy - "updown"
Polo G - "No Time Wasted" ft. Future
RealestK - "You & I"
ROLE MODEL - "a little more time"
Sarai - "DURA"
Sam Carter - "Blame It on My Boots"
The Aces - "Always Get This Way"
Timbaland - "Give It To Me (Sped Up Remix)" ft. Justin Timberlake & Nelly Furtado
Trevor Martin - "Can't Call You Beautiful"
Tungevaag & Steerner - "Imma Love You"
Two Friends & SAYGRACE - "No Saving Us"
Vybz Kartel - "From Me Born"
2/18
Maleah Frederick - "I Miss my Old Self"
Now United - "Find Your Fire"
2/19
Victoria Justice - "Last Man Standing"
2/20
張蔓姿 (Gigi Cheung) - "為民除害 (For the People)"
Matt Citron - "Face Taste"
Peter Gabriel - "The Court (Bright-Side Mix)"
2/21
Desiigner - "Two in One"
Dylan - "Every Heart But Mine"
ROA - "UuU" ft. Hades 66
The Band CAMINO - "Told You So"
2/22
Matt Citron - "What You Don't Know"
Teejay - "Weirdo"
2/23
BigWalkDog - "Feeling Like Wop" ft. Gucci Mane
boyband - "DETHKLOK!!"
Lil Wayne - "Kant Nobody" ft. DMX
Matt Citron - "Antics"
Matt Citron - "The Docks
Mike Bahía & Greeicy - "Mi Pecadito"
Now United - "U & Me"
Paulina Rubio - "No es Mi Culpa"
林家謙 (Terence Lam) - "小林不動產 (Lying Down)"
Tiago PZK - "Slow"
WIU - "Só de Mal"
2/24
24kGoldn - "Bite"
A Boogie wit da Hoodie - "Secrets (Remix)" ft. Mariah the Scientist
Alex Porat - "HATELOVE"
Ana Mena & Natalia Lacunza - "Me He Pillao x Ti"
Anne-Marie - "SAD B!TCH (Acoustic)"
Ashley McBryde - "Light On In The Kitchen"
Brad Paisley - "Same Here" ft. Володимир Зеленський (Volodymyr Zelensky)
BROODS - "Fuck My Money"
Chlöe - "How Does It Feel" ft. Chris Brown
CHVRCHES - "OVER"
DDG - "Way Too Petty"
Colton Dixon - "My Light"
Dionne Warwick & Dolly Parton - "Peace Like A River"
Dreamer Isioma - "Technicolor Love" ft. redveil
Em Beihold - "Roller Coasters Make Me Sad"
EST Gee - "Undefeated"
EZVIT 810 - "Tenerte Cerca"
G Herbo & Murda Beatz - "Raining" ft. Yung Bleu
Grace Carter - "Pick Your Tears Up"
Halsey - "Die 4 Me"
陳柏宇 (Jason Chan) - "一人傍晚藝術館 (Evening Alone At Art Gallery)"
Imanbek & Trevor Daniel - "In The Morning"
Ingrid Andress - "Treated Me Good"
Jim Jones, Hitmaka & Stefflon Don - "I Am"
Jonas Brothers - "Wings"
Justin Moore - "Stray Dogs"
Kidz Bop Kids - "Made You Look"
Knightlight - "Gave U Hell" ft. madelaine
Lil Pump & Smokepurpp - "Tesla"
Lil Mabu - "TRIP TO THE HOOD"
Loud Luxury - "Next To You" ft. Kane Brown
Luke Combs - "Joe"
Matt Citron - "Dirty World"
Miranda​! & Emilia - "Uno Los Dos"
MoStack - "The Weekend"
Mvros & Khaled – "Ocupada"
Nanu - "Hembra Doma Machos"
NLE Choppa - "Ain't Gonna Answer" ft. Lil Wayne
Rich The Kid - "Do You Love Me?" ft. Lil Tjay
Russ Millions - "Dancer" ft. Noizy, Rondodasosa & Capo Plaza
Sam Fischer & Amy Shark - "High On You"
Stormzy - "Hide & Seek (Rema Remix)" ft. Rema
The Kid LAROI - "I GUESS IT'S LOVE?"
The Weeknd & Ariana Grande - "Die For You (Remix)"
Victoria Nadine - "Saw It Coming"
Yot Club - "saturday"
Zack Bia - "One Of Those Days" ft. Lil Yachty & 347aidan
2/25
DAGames - "I'll Make Them Whole"
Matt Citron - "Daydream Coastin"
Now United - "Love Myself"
2/26
Matt Citron - "The Long Way Home"
2/27
Matt Citron - "On Backs of Cars"
2/28
Jer 柳應廷 - "從零開始的新世界 (Starting From Zero)"
Matt Citron - "Howlin"
Now United - "
1 ContributorThe Life (feat. Penguin Prison) LyricsLet's take a ride up, up to the bay
Through the mountains along the coast
Pull the ride up
Put the top down, I'm ready to go
In the drop top, non stop
Every where we turn
The sun gets too hot
Then we're goin to burn
So turn that shit up
You know every word
Now you're gonna learn
This is the life, I know
Where the sun don't stop because we won't let it go
It's the life you wantYou might also 

When the Wazir Dandan had finished his reciting, he wept with sore weeping and the tears rained from his eyes like cushioned pearls. Then came forward one who had been of Sharrkan's boon companions in his cups and he wept till ran in rills the drops, and he enumerated the dead man's generous qualities, reciting the following pentastichs,

"Where gone is Bounty since thy hand is turned to clay? * And I
             in misery lie since thou west ta'en away.
See'st not, O litter guide (Heaven keep thee glad and
             gay!), * How tears adorn my cheeks, these furrowed wrinkles
             fray?
                        A sight to joy shine eyes and fill thee with
                        dismay.
By Allah ne'er this heart within I spoke of thee; * Ah no! nor
             dared my sight to see thy brilliancy:
Save that my tear drops sorest wound have garred me dree * Yea!
             and if e'er on other rest these eyne of me,
                        May yearning draw their reins nor suffer sleep to see."

And when the man stinted reciting, Zau al-Makan and the Minister Dandan wept and the whole army was moved to tears; after which all retired to their tents, and the King turning to the Wazir took counsel with him concerning the conduct of the campaign. On this wise the two passed days and nights, while Zau al-Makan was weighed down with grief and mourning till at last he said, "I long to hear stories and adventures of Kings and tales of lover folk enslaved by love; haply Allah may make this to solace that which is on my heart of heavy anxiety, and stint and stay my weeping and wailing." Quoth the Wazir, "If naught can dispel thy trouble but hearing curious tales of Kings and people long gone before and stories of folk enslaved by love of yore, and so forth, this thing were easy, for I had no other business, in the lifetime of thy father (who hath found mercy) than to relate stories and to repeat verses to him. This very night I will tell thee a tale of a lover and his beloved, so shall thy breast be broadened." When Zau al-Makan heard these words from the Minister, his heart was set upon that which had been promised to him and he did nothing but watch for the coming of the night, that he might hear what the Wazir Dandan had to tell of the Kings of yore and distracted lovers long gone before. And hardly would he believe that night had fallen ere he bade light the wax candles and the lamps and bring all that was needful of meat and drink and perfume gear, and what not; and when all was in presence, he summoned the Wazir Dandan, and the Emirs Rustam and Bahram and Tarkash and the Grand Chamberlain; then waited till the whole party was seated before him; whereupon he turned to the Minister and said, "Know, O Wazir, that night is come and hath let down over us its veil of gloom, and we desire that thou tell us those tales which thou promisedst us." Replied the Wazir, "With joy and good will."—And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased to say her permitted say.
When it was the One Hundred and Seventh Night,
She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King, that when King Zau Al-Makan summoned the Wazir and the Chamberlain and Rustam and Bahram, he turned towards the Minister Dandan and said, "Know, O Wazir, that night is come and hath let down over us its veil of gloom, and we desire that thou tell us those tales which thou promisedst us." Replied the Wazir, "With love and gladness! Know, O auspicious King, that there reached my ears a relation of a lover and a loved one and of the discourse between them and what befel them of things rare and fair, a story such as repelleth care from the heart and dispelleth sorrow like unto that of the patriarch Jacob; and it is as follows":
Footnotes:

 This knightly tale, the longest in the Nights (xliv.— cxlv.), about one-eighth of the whole, does not appear in the Bres. Edit. Lane, who finds it "objectionable," reduces it to two of its episodes, Azíz-cum-Azízah and Táj al-Mulúk. On the other hand it has been converted into a volume (8vo, pp. 240) "Scharkan, Conte Arabe," etc. Traduit par M. Asselan Riche, etc. Paris: Dondey-Dupré. 1829. It has its longueurs and at times is longsome enough; but it is interesting as a comparison between the chivalry of Al-Islam and European knight-errantry. Although all the characters are fictitious the period is evidently in the early crusading days. Cæsarea, the second capital of Palestine, taken during the Caliphate of Omar (A.H. 19) and afterwards recovered, was fortified in A.H. 353 = 963 as a base against the Arabs by the Emperor Phocas, the Arab. "Nakfúr" i.e. Nicephorus. In A.H. 498=1104, crusading craft did much injury by plundering merchantmen between Egypt and Syria, to which allusion is found in the romance. But the story teller has not quite made up his mind about which Cæsarea he is talking, and M. Riche tells us that Césarée is a "ville de la Mauritanie, en Afrique" (p. 20).
 The fifth Ommiade Caliph reign. A.H. 65-86 = 685-704.
 This does not merely mean that no one was safe from his wrath: or, could approach him in the heat of fight: it is a reminiscence of the masterful "King Kulayb," who established game-laws in his dominions and would allow no man to approach his camp-fire. Moreover the Jinn lights a fire to decoy travellers, but if his victim be bold enough to brave him, he invites him to take advantage of the heat.
 China.
 The Jaxartes and the Bactrus (names very loosely applied).
 In full "Sharrun kána" i.e. an evil (Sharr) has come to being (kána) that is, "bane to the foe" a pagan and knightly name. The hero of the Romance "Al-Dalhamah" is described as a bitter gourd (colocynth), a viper, a calamity.
 This is a Moslem law (Koran chaps. iv. bodily borrowed from the Talmud) which does not allow a man to marry one wife unless he can carnally satisfy her. Moreover he must distribute his honours equally and each wife has a right to her night unless she herself give it up. This was the case even with the spouses of the Prophet; and his biography notices several occasions when his wives waived their rights in favour of one another M. Riche kindly provides the King with la piquante francaise (p. 15).
 So the celebrated mosque in Stambul, famed for being the largest church in the world is known to the Greeks as "Agia (pron. Aya) Sophia" and to Moslems as "Aye Sofíyeh" (Holy Wisdom) i.e. the Logos or Second Person of the Trinity (not a Saintess). The sending a Christian girl as a present to a Moslem would, in these days, be considered highly scandalous. But it was done by the Mukaukis or Coptic Governor of Egypt (under Heraclius) who of course hated the Greeks. This worthy gave two damsels to Mohammed; one called Sírín and the other Máriyah (Maria) whom the Prophet reserved for his especial use and whose abode is still shown at Al-Medinah. The Rev. Doctor Badger (loc. cit. p. 972) gives the translation of an epistle by Mohammed to this Mukaukis, written in the Cufic character ( ? ?) and sealed "Mohammed, The Apostle of Allah." My friend seems to believe that it is an original, but upon this subject opinions will differ. It is, however, exceedingly interesting, beginning with "Bismillah," etc., and ending (before the signature) with a quotation from the Koran (iii. 57); and it may be assumed as a formula addressee to foreign potentates by a Prophet who had become virtually "King of Arabia."
 This prayer before "doing the deed of kind" is, I have said, Moslem as well Christian.
 Exodus i. 16, quoted by Lane (M. E., chaps. xxvii.).
Torrens in his Notes cites Drayton's "Moon-calf':—
            Bring forth the birth-stool—no, let it alone;
            She is so far beyond all compass grown,
            Some other new device us needs must stead,
            Or else she never can be brought to bed.
It is the "groaning-chair" of Poor Robin's Almanac (1676) and we find it alluded to in Boccaccio, the classical sedile which according to scoffers has formed the papal chair (a curule seat) ever since the days of Pope Joan, when it has been held advisable for one of the Cardinals to ascertain that His Holiness possesses all the instruments of virility. This "Kursí al-wiládah" is of peculiar form on which the patient is seated. A most interesting essay might be written upon the various positions preferred during delivery, e.g. the wild Irish still stand on all fours, like the so-called "lower animals." Amongst the Moslems of Waday, etc., a cord is hung from the top of the hut, and the woman in labour holds on to it standing with her legs apart, till the midwife receives the child.
 Some Orientalists call "lullilooing" the trilling cry, which is made by raising the voice to its highest pitch and breaking it by a rapid succession of touches on the palate with the tongue-tip, others "Ziraleet" and Zagaleet, and one traveller tells us that it began at the marriage-festival of Isaac and Rebecca (!). Arabs term it classically "Tahlíl" and vulgarly "Zaghrutah" (Plur. Zaghárit) and Persians "Kil." Finally in Don Quixote we have "Lelilies," the battle-cry of the Moors (Duffield iii. 289). Dr. Buchanan likens it to a serpent uttering human sounds, but the good missionary heard it at the festival of Jagannath. (Pilgrimage iii. 197 )
 i.e. "Light of the Place" (or kingdom) and "Delight of the
Age."
 It is utterly absurd to give the old heroic Persian name Afridun or Furaydun, the destroyer of Zohák or Zahhák to a Greek, but such anachronisms are characteristic of The Nights and are evidently introduced on purpose. See Boccaccio, ix. 9.
 Arab. "Yunán" lit. Ionia, which applies to all Greece, insular and continental, especially to ancient Greece.
 In 1870 I saw at Sidon a find of some hundreds of gold
"Philippi" and "Alexanders."
 M. Riche has (p. 21), "Ces talismans travaillés par le ciseau du célèbre Califaziri," adding in a note, "Je pense que c'est un sculpteur Arabe."
 This periphrase, containing what seems to us a useless negative, adds emphasis in Arabic.
 This bit of geographical information is not in the Bull
Edit.
 In Pers. = a tooth, the popular word.
 This preliminary move, called in Persian Nakl-i Safar, is generally mentioned. So the Franciscan monks in California, when setting out for a long journey through the desert, marched three times round the convent and pitched tents for the night under its walls.
 In Arab. "Khazinah" or "Khaznah" lit. a treasure, representing 1,000 "Kís" or purses (each=£5). The sum in the text is 7,000 purses X 5=£35,000.
 Travellers often prefer such sites because they are sheltered from the wind, and the ground is soft for pitching tents; but many have come to grief from sudden torrents following rain.
 Arab "Ghábah" not a forest in our sense of the word, but a place where water sinks and the trees (mostly Mimosas), which elsewhere are widely scattered, form a comparatively dense growth and collect in thickets. These are favourite places for wild beasts during noon-heats.
 At various times in the East Jews and Christians were ordered to wear characteristic garments, especially the Zunnár or girdle.
 The description is borrowed from the Coptic Convent, which invariably has an inner donjon or keep. The oldest monastery in the world is Mar Antonios (St. Anthony the Hermit) not far from Suez. (Gold Mines of Midian, p. 85.)
 "Dawáhí," plur. of Dáhiyah = a mishap. The title means "Mistress of Misfortunes" or Queen of Calamities (to the enemy); and the venerable lady, as will be seen, amply deserved her name, which is pronounced Zát al-Dawáhí.
 Arab. "Kunfuz"=hedgehog or porcupine.
 These flowers of speech are mere familiarities, not insults. In societies where the sexes are separated speech becomes exceedingly free. "Étourdie que vous êtes," says M. Riche, toning down the text.
 Arab. "Zirt," a low word. The superlative "Zarrát" (fartermost) or, "Abu Zirt" (Father of farts) is a facetious term among the bean-eating Fellahs and a deadly insult amongst the Badawin (Night ccccx.). The latter prefer the word Taggáa (Pilgrimage iii. 84). We did not disdain the word in farthingale=pet en air.
 Arab. "kicked" him, i.e. with the sharp corner of the shovel-stirrup. I avoid such expressions as "spurring" and "pricking over the plain," because apt to give a wrong idea.
 Arab. "Allaho Akbar!" the classical Moslem slogan.
 Arab horses are never taught to leap, so she was quite safe on the other side of a brook nine feet broad.
 "Batrík" (vulg. Bitrík)=patricius, a title given to
Christian knights who commanded ten thousand men; the Tarkhan (or
Nobb) heading four thousand, and the Kaumas (Arab. Káid) two
hundred. It must not be confounded with Batrak (or
Batrik)=patriarcha. (Lane's Lex.)
 Arab. "Kázi al-Kuzát," a kind of Chief Justice or Chancellor. The office wag established under the rule of Harun al Rashid, who so entitled Abú Yúsuf Ya'akab al-Ansári: therefore the allusion is anachronistic. The same Caliph also caused the Olema to dress as they do still.
 The allusion is Koranic: "O men, if ye be in doubt concerning the resurrection, consider that He first created you of the dust of the ground (Adam), afterwards of seed" (chaps. xxii.). But the physiological ideas of the Koran are curious. It supposes that the Mani or male semen is in the loins and that of women in the breast bone (chaps Ixxxvi.); that the mingled seed of the two (chaps. Ixxvi.) fructifies the ovary and that the child is fed through the navel with menstruous blood, hence the cessation of the catamenia. Barzoi (Kalilah and Dímnah) says:— "Man's seed, falling into the woman's womb, is mixed with her seed and her blood: when it thickens and curdles the Spirit moves it and it turns about like liquid cheese; then it solidifies, its arteries are formed, its limbs constructed and its joints distinguished. If the babe is a male, his face is placed towards his mother's back; if a female, towards her belly." (P. 262, Mr. L G.N. Keith- Falconer's translation.) But there is a curious prolepsis of the spermatozoa-theory. We read (Koran chaps. vii.), "Thy Lord drew forth their posterity from the loins of the sons of Adam;" and the commentators say that Allah stroked Adam's back and extracted from his loins all his posterity, which shall ever be, in the shape of small ants; these confessed their dependence on God and were dismissed to return whence they came." From this fiction it appears (says Sale) that the doctrine of pre-existence is not unknown to the Mohammedans, and there is some little conformity between it and the modern theory of generatio ex animalculis in semine marium. The poets call this Yaum-i-Alast = the Day of Am-I-not (-your Lord)? which Sir William Jones most unhappily translated "Art thou not with thy Lord ?" (Alasta bi Rabbi- kum); fand they produce a grand vision of unembodied spirits appearing in countless millions before their Creator.
 The usual preliminary of a wrestling bout.
 In Eastern wrestling this counts as a fair fail. So Ajax fell on his back with Ulysses on his breast. (Iliad xxxii., 700, etc.)
 So biting was allowed amongst the Greeks in the , the final struggle on the ground.
 Supposed to be names of noted wrestlers. "Kayim" (not El-Kim as Torrens has it) is a term now applied to a juggler or "professor" of legerdemain who amuses people in the streets with easy tricks. (Lane, M. E., chaps. xx.)
 Lit. "laughed in his face" which has not the unpleasant meaning it bears in English.
 Arab. "Abu riyáh"=a kind of child's toy. It is our "bull-roarer" well known in Australia and parts of Africa.
 The people of the region south of the Caspian which is called "Sea of Daylam." It has a long history; for which see D'Herbelot, s.v. "Dilem."
 Coptic convents in Egypt still affect these drawbridges over the keep-moat.
 Koran iv., xxii. etc., meaning it is lawful to marry women taken in war after the necessary purification although their husbands be still living. This is not permitted with a free woman who is a True Believer. I have noted that the only concubine slave-girl mentioned in the Koran are these "captives possessed by the right hand."
 The Amazonian dame is a favourite in folk-lore and is an ornament to poetry from the Iliad to our modern day. Such heroines, apparently unknown to the Pagan Arabs, were common in the early ages of Al-Islam as Ockley and Gibbon prove, and that the race is not extinct may be seen in my Pilgrimage (iii. 55) where the sister of Ibn Rumi resolved to take blood revenge for her brother.
 And Solomon said, "O nobles, which of you will bring me her throne ?" A terrible genius (i.e. an If rit of the Jinn named Dhakwan or the notorious Sakhr) said, " I will bring it unto thee before thou arise from thy seat (of justice); for I am able to perform it, and may be trusted" (Koran, xxvii. 38-39). Balkís or Bilkís (says the Durrat al-Ghawwás) daughter of Hozád bin Sharhabíl, twenty-second in the list of the rulers of Al- Yaman, according to some murdered her husband, and became, by Moslem ignorance, the Biblical " Queen of Sheba." The Abyssinians transfer her from Arabian Saba to Ethiopia and make her the mother by Solomon of Menelek, their proto-monarch; thus claiming for their royalties an antiquity compared with which all reigning houses in the world are of yesterday. The dates of the Tabábi'ah or Tobbas prove that the Bilkis of history ruled Al-Yaman in the early Christian era.
 Arab. "Fass," fiss or fuss; the gem set in a ring; also applied to a hillock rounded en cabochon. In The Nights it is used to signify "a fine gem."
 This prominence of the glutæi muscles is always insisted upon, because it is supposed to promise well in a bed-fellow. In Somali land where the people are sub- steatopygous, a rich young man, who can afford such luxury, will have the girls drawn up in line and choose her to wife who projects furthest behind
 The "bull" is only half mine.
 A favourite Arab phrase, the "hot eye" is one full of tears.
 i.e., "Coral," coral branch, a favourite name for a slave-girl, especially a negress. It is the older "Morgiana." I do not see why Preston in Al-Haríni's "Makamah (Séance) of Singar" renders it pearls, because Golius gives "small pearls," when it is evidently "coral." Richardson (Dissert. xlviii.) seems to me justified in finding the Pari (fairy) Marjan of heroic Persian history reflected in the Fairy Morgain who earned off King Arthur after the battle of Camelon.
 Arab. "'Ud Jalaki"=Jalak or Jalik being a poetical and almost obsolete name of Damascus.
 The fountain in Paradise whose water shall be drunk with "pure" wine mixed and sealed with musk (for clay). It is so called because it comes from the "Sanam" (Sanima, to be high) boss or highest ridge of the Moslem Heaven (Koran lv. 78 and lxxxiii. 27). Mr. Rodwell says "it is conveyed to the highest apartments in the Pavilions of Paradise." (?)
 This "hysterical" temperament is not rare even amongst the bravest Arabs.
 An idea evidently derived from the Æolipyla (olla animatoria) the invention of Hero Alexandrinus, which showed that the ancient Egyptians could apply the motive force of steam.
 Kuthayyir ibn Abi Jumah, a poet and far-famed Ráwí or Tale-reciter, mentioned by Ibn Khallikan he lived at Al-Medinah and sang the attractions of one Azzah, hence his soubriquet Sáhib (lover of) Azzah. As he died in A. H. 105 (=726), his presence here is a gross anachronism the imaginary Sharrkan flourished before the Caliphate of Abd al-Malik bin Marwán A. H. 65-86.
 Jamíl bin Ma'amar, a poet and lover contemporary with
Al-Kuthayrir.
 Arab. "Tafazzal," a word of frequent use in conversation="favour me," etc.
 The word has a long history. From the Gr. or is the Lat. stibium; while the Low Latin "antimonium" and the Span. Althimod are by metathesis for Al-Ithmid. The dictionaries define the substance as a stone from which antimony is prepared, but the Arabs understand a semi-mythical mineral of yellow colour which enters into the veins of the eyes and gives them Iynx-like vision. The famous Anz nicknamed Zarká (the blue eyed) of Yamámah (Province) used it; and, according to some, invented Kohl. When her (protohistoric) tribe Jadis had destroyed all the rival race of Tasm, except Ribáh ibn Murrah; the sole survivor fled to the Tobba of Al-Yaman, who sent a host to avenge him. The king commanded his Himyarites to cut tree-boughs and use them as screens (again Birnam wood). Zarká from her Utum, or peel-tower, saw the army three marches off and cried, "O folk, either trees or Himyar are coming upon you!" adding, in Rajaz verse:—
I swear by Allah that trees creep onward, or that Himyar beareth somewhat which he draweth along!
She then saw a man mending his sandal. But Jadis disbelieved; Cassandra was slain and, when her eyes were cut out the vessels were found full of Ithmid. Hence Al-Mutanabbi sang:
"Sharper-sighted than Zarká of Jau" (Yamámah).
See C. de Perceval i. 101; Arab. Prov. i. 192; and Chenery p. 381.
(The Assemblies of Al-Hariri; London, Williams and Norgate, 1867).
I have made many enquiries into the true nature of Ithmid and
failed to learn anything: on the Upper Nile the word is=Kohl.
 The general colour of chessmen in the East, where the game is played on a cloth more often than a board.
 Arab. "Al-fil," the elephant=the French fol or fou and our bishop. I have derived "elephant" from Píl (old Persian, Sansk. Pilu) and Arab. Fil, with the article Al-Fil, whence the Greek the suffix—as being devoted to barbarous words as Obod-as (Al Ubayd), Aretas (Al-Háris), etc. Mr. Isaac Taylor (The Alphabet i. 169), preserves the old absurdity of "eleph-ant or ox-like (!) beast of Africa." Prof. Sayce finds the word al-ab (two distinct characters) in line 3, above the figure of an (Indian) elephant, on the black obelisk of Nimrod Mound, and suggests an Assyrian derivation.
 Arab. "Shaukat" which may also mean the "pride" or "mainstay" (of the army).
 Lit. "smote him on the tendons of his neck." This is the famous shoulder-cut (Tawash shuh) which, with the leg-cut (Kalam), formed, and still forms, the staple of Eastern attack with the sword.
 Arab. "Dirás." Easterns do not thresh with flails. The material is strewed over a round and smoothed floor of dried mud in the open air and threshed by different connivances. In Egypt the favourite is a chair-like machine called "Norag," running on iron plates and drawn by bulls or cows over the corn. Generally, however, Moslems prefer the old classical , the Tribulum of Virgil and Varro, a slipper-shaped sled of wood garnished on the sole with large-headed iron nails, or sharp fragments of flint or basalt. Thus is made the "Tibn" or straw, the universal hay of the East, which our machines cannot imitate.
 These numbers appear to be grossly exaggerated, but they were possible in the days of sword and armour: at the battle of Saffayn the Caliph Ali is said to have cut down five hundred and twenty-three men in a single night.
 Arab. "Bika'á": hence the "Buka'ah" or Clesyria.
 Richardson in his excellent dictionary (note 103) which modern priggism finds "unscientific " wonderfully derives this word from Arab. "Khattáf," a snatcher (i.e. of women), a ravisher. It is an evident corruption of "captivus" through Italian and French
 These periodical and fair-like visitations to convents are still customary; especially amongst the Christians of Damascus.
 Camphor being then unknown.
 The "wrecker" is known all over the world; and not only barbarians hold that ships driven ashore become the property of the shore
 Arab. "Jokh": it is not a dictionary word, but the only term in popular use for European broadcloth.
 The second person plural is used because the writer would involve the subjects of his correspondent in the matter.
 This part of the phrase, which may seem unnecessary to the European, is perfectly intelligible to all Orientalists. You may read many an Eastern letter and not understand it. Compare Boccacoo iv. 1.
 i.e. he was greatly agitated
 In text "Li-ajal a al-Taudi'a," for the purpose of farewelling, a low Egyptianism; emphatically a "Kalám wáti." (Pilgrimage thee iii. 330.)
 In the Mac. Edit. Sharrkan speaks, a clerical error.
 The Farsakh (Germ. Stunde) a measure of time rather than distance, is an hour's travel or its equivalent, a league, a meile=three English stat. miles. The word is still used in Persia its true home, but not elsewhere. It is very old, having been determined as a lineal measure of distance by Herodotus (ii. 5 and 6 ; v. 53), who computes it at 30 furlongs (=furrow-lengths, 8 to the stat. mile). Strabo (xi.) makes it range from 40 to 60 stades (each=606 feet 9 inches), and even now it varies between 1,500 to 6,000 yards. Captain Francklin (Tour to Persia) estimates it = about four miles. (Pilgrimage ii. 113.)
 Arab. "Ashhab." Names of colours are few amongst semi civilised peoples, but in Arabia there is a distinct word for every shade of horseflesh.
 She had already said to him "Thou art beaten in everything!"
 Showing that she was still a Christian.
 This is not Badawi sentiment: the honoratioren amongst wild people would scorn such foul play; but amongst the settled Arabs honour between men and women is unknown and such "hocussing" would be held quite fair.
 The table of wine, in our day, is mostly a japanned tray with glasses and bottles, saucers of pickles and fruits and, perhaps, a bunch of flowers and aromatic herbs. During the Caliphate the "wine-service" was on a larger scale.
 Here the "Bhang" (almost a generic term applied to hellebore, etc.) may be hyoscyamus or henbane. Yet there are varieties of Cannabis, such as the Dakha of South Africa capable of most violent effect. I found the use of the drug well known to the negroes of the Southern United States and of the Brazil, although few of their owners had ever heard of it.
 Amongst Moslems this is a reference to Adam who first "sinned against himself,' and who therefore is called " Safíyu'llah," the Pure of Allah. (Pilgrimage iii. 333.)
 Meaning, an angry, violent man.
 Arab. "Inshád," which may mean reciting the verse of another or improvising one's own. In Modern Egypt "Munshid" is the singer or reciter of poetry at Zikrs (Lane M. E. chaps. xxiv.). Here the verses are quite bad enough to be improvised by the hapless Princess.
 The negro skin assumes this dust colour in cold, fear, concupiscence and other mental emotions.
 He compares her glance with the blade of a Yamani sword, a lieu commun of Eastern poetry. The weapons are famous in The Nights; but the best sword-cutlery came from Persia as the porcelain from China to Sana'á. Here, however, is especial allusion as to the sword "Samsam" or "Samsamah." It belonged to the Himyarite Tobba, Amru bin Ma'ad Kurb, and came into the hands of Harun al-Rashid. When the Emperor of the Greeks sent a present of superior sword-blades to him by way of a brave, the Caliph, in the presence of the Envoys, took "Samsam" in hand and cut the others in twain as if they were cabbages without the least prejudice to the edge of "Samsam."
 This touch of pathos is truly Arab. So in the "Romance of Dalhamah" (Lane, M. E. xxiii.) the infant Gundubah sucks the breast of its dead mother and the King exclaims, "If she had committed this crime she would not be affording the child her milk after she was dead."
 Arab. "Sadda'l-Aktár," a term picturesque enough to be preserved in English. "Sadd," I have said, is a wall or dyke, the term applied to the great dam of water- plants which obstructs the navigation of the Upper Nile, the lilies and other growths floating with the current from the (Victoria) Nyanza Lake. I may note that we need no longer derive from India the lotus-llily so extensively used by the Ancient Egyptians and so neglected by the moderns that it has well nigh disappeared. All the Central African basins abound in the Nymphæa and thence it found its way down the Nile Valley.
 Arab. "Al Marhúmah": equivalent to our "late lamented."
 Vulgarly pronounced "Mahmal," and by Egyptians and Turks "Mehmel." Lane (M. E. xxiv.) has figured this queenly litter and I have sketched and described it in my Pilgrimage (iii. 12).
 For such fits of religious enthusiasm see my Pilgrimage (iii. 254).
 "Irák" (Mesopotamia) means "a level country beside the banks of a ever."
 "Al Kuds," or "Bays al-Mukaddas," is still the popular name of Jerusalem, from the Heb. Yerushalaim ha-Kadushah (legend on shekel of Simon Maccabeus).
 "Follow the religion of Abraham" says the Koran (chaps. iii. 89). Abraham, titled "Khalílu'llah," ranks next in dignity to Mohammed, preceding Isa, I need hardly say that his tomb is not in Jerusalem nor is the tomb itself at Hebron ever visited. Here Moslems (soi disant) are allowed by the jealousies of Europe to close and conceal a place which belongs to the world, especially to Jews and Christians. The tombs, if they exist, lie in a vault or cave under the Mosque.
 Abá, or Abáyah, vulg. Abayah, is a cloak of hair, goat's or camel's; too well known to require description.
 Arab. "Al-Wakkád," the man who lights and keeps up the bath-fires.
 Arab. "Má al-Khaláf" (or "Khiláf") a sickly perfume but much prized, made from the flowers of the Salix Ægyptiaca.
 Used by way of soap; like glasswort and other plants.
 i.e., "Thou art only just recovered."
 To "Nakh" is to gurgle "Ikh! Ikh!" till the camel kneels. Hence the space called "Barr al-Manákhah" in Al-Medinah (Pilgrimage i. 222, ii. 91). There is a regular camel vocabulary amongst the Arabs, made up like our "Gee" (go ye!), etc. of significant words worn down.
 Arab. "Laza," the Second Hell provided for Jews.
 The word has been explained (vol. i. 112). It is trivial, not occurring in the Koran which uses "Arabs of the Desert ;" "Arabs who dwell in tents," etc. (chaps. ix. and xxxiii.). "A'arábi" is the classical word and the origin of "Arab" is disputed. According to Pocock (Notæ Spec. Hist. Arab.): "Diverse are the opinions concerning the denomination of the Arabs; but the most certain of all is that which draws it from Arabah, which is part of the region of Tehama (belonging to Al-Medinah Pilgrimage ii. 118), which their father Ismail afterwards inhabited." Tehamah (sierra caliente) is the maritime region of Al Hijaz, the Moslems Holy Land; and its "Arabah," a very small tract which named a very large tract, must not be confounded, as some have done, with the Wady Arabah, the ancient outlet of the Dead Sea. The derivation of "Arab" from "Ya'arab" a fancied son of Joktan is mythological. In Heb. Arabia may be called "Eretz Ereb" (or "Arab")=land of the West; but in Arabic "Gharb" (not Ereb) is the Occident and the Arab dates long before the Hebrew.
 "When thine enemy extends his hand to thee, cut it off if thou can, or kiss it," wisely said Caliph al-Mansur.
 The Tartur was a peculiar turban worn by the Northern Arabs and shown in old prints. In modern Egypt the term is applied to the tall sugar-loaf caps of felt affected mostly by regular Dervishes. Burckhardt (Proverbs 194 and 398) makes it the high cap of felt or fur proper to the irregular cavalry called Dely or Delaty. In Dar For (Darfour) "Tartur" is a conical cap adorned with beads and cowries worn by the Manghwah or buffoon who corresponds with the Egyptian "Khalbús" or "Maskharah" and the Turkish "Sutari." For an illustration see Plate iv. fig. 10 of Voyage au Darfour par Mohammed El Tounsy (The Tunisian), Paris, Duprat, 1845.
 The term is picturesque and true; we say "gnaw," which is not so good.
 Here, meaning an Elder, a Chief, etc.; the word has been almost naturalised in English. I have noted that Abraham was the first "Shaykh."
 This mention of weighing suggests the dust of Dean Swift and the money of the Gold Coast It was done, I have said, because the gold coin, besides being "sweated" was soft and was soon worn down.
 Fem. of Nájí (a deliverer, a saviour)=Salvadora.
 This, I have noted, is according to Koranic command (chaps. iv. 88). "When you are saluted with a salutation, salute the person with a better salutation." The longer answer to "Peace be with (or upon) thee! " is still universally the custom. The "Salem" is so differently pronounced by every Eastern nation that the observant traveller will easily make of it a Shibboleth.
 The Badawi, who was fool as well as rogue, begins to fear that he has kidnapped a girl of family.
 These examinations being very indecent are usually done in strictest privacy. The great point is to make sure of virginity.
 This is according to strict Moslem law: the purchaser may not look at the girl's nakedness till she is his, and he ought to manage matters through an old woman.
 Lit. wrath; affliction which chokes; in Hindustani it means simply anger.
 i.e. Heaven forbid I be touched by a strange man.
 Used for fuel and other purposes, such as making "doss stick."
 Arab "Yaftah'Allah" the offer being insufficient. The rascal is greedy as a Badaw and moreover he is a liar, which the Badawi is not.
 The third of the four great Moslem schools of Theology, taking its name from the Imam al-Sháfi'í (Mohammed ibn Idrís) who died in Egypt A.H. 204, and lies buried near Cairo. (Sale's Prel. Disc. sect. viii.)
 The Moslem form of Cabbala, or transcendental philosophy of the Hebrews.
 Arab. "Bakh" the word used by the Apostle to Ali his son-in-law. It is the Latin "Euge."
 Readers, who read for amusement, will do well to "skip" the fadaises of this highly educated young woman.
 There are three Persian Kings of this name (Artaxerxes)
which means "Flour and milk," or "high lion." The text alludes to
Ardeshir Babegan, so called because he married the daughter of
Babak the shepherd, founder of the Sassanides in A.D. 202. See
D,Herberot, and the Dabistan.
 Alluding to the proverb, "Folk follow their King's faith,"
"Cujus regio ejus religio" etc.
 Second Abbaside, A.H. 136-158 (=754-775).
 The celebrated companion of Mohammed who succeeded Abu Bakr in the Caliphate (A.H. 13-23=634-644). The Sunnis know him as Al-Adil the Just, and the Shiahs detest him for his usurpation, his austerity and harshness. It is said that he laughed once and wept once. The laugh was caused by recollecting how he ate his dough-gods (the idols of the Hanifah tribe) in The Ignorance. The tears were drawn by remembering how he buried alive his baby daughter who, while the grave was being dug, patted away the dust from his hair and beard. Omar was doubtless a great man, but he is one of the most ungenial figures in Moslem history which does not abound in genialities. To me he suggests a Puritan, a Covenanter of the sourest and narrowest type; and I cannot wonder that the Persians abhor him, and abuse him on all occasions.
 The austere Caliph Omar whose scourge was more feared than the sword was the - author of the celebrated saying "Consult them (feminines) and do clear contrary-wise."
 Our "honour amongst thieves."
 The sixth successor of Mohammed and founder of the Banu Umayyah or Ommiades, called the "sons of the little mother" from their eponymus (A.H. 41-60=661-680). For his Badawi wife Maysun, and her abuse of her husband, see Pilgrimage iii. 262.
 Shaykh of the noble tribe, or rather nation, Banu Tamím and a notable of the day, surnamed, no one knows why, "Sire of the Sea."
 This is essential for cleanliness in hot lands: however much the bath may be used, the body-pile and lower hair, if submitted to a microscope, will show more or less sordes adherent. The axilla-hair is plucked because if shaved the growing pile causes itching and the depilatories are held deleterious. At first vellication is painful but the skin becomes used to it. The pecten is shaved either without or after using depilatories, of which more presently. The body-pile is removed by "Takhfíf"; the Libán Shámi (Syrian incense), a fir- gum imported from Scio, is melted and allowed to cool in the form of a pledget. This is passed over the face and all the down adhering to it is pulled up by the roots (Burckhardt No. 420). Not a few Anglo-Indians have adopted these precautions
 This Caliph was a tall, fair, handsome man of awe-inspiring aspect. Omar used to look at him and say, "This is the Cæsar of the Arabs," while his wife called him a "fatted ass."
 The saying is attributed to Abraham when "exercised" by the unkindly temper of Sarah; "woman is made hard and crooked like a rib;" and the modern addition is, "whoso would straighten her, breaketh her."
 i.e. "When ready and in erection."
 "And do first (before going in to your wives) some act which may be profitable unto your souls" or, for you: soul's good. (Koran, chaps. ii. 223.) Hence Ahnaf makes this prayer.
 It was popularly said that "Truth-speaking left Omar without a friend." Entitled "The Just" he was murdered by Abu Lúlúah, alias Fírúz, a (Magian ?) slave of Al-Maghírah for denying him justice.
 Governor of Bassorah under the first four Caliphs. See
D'Herbelot s.v. "Aschári."
 Ziyad bin Abi Sufyan, illegitimate brother of the Caliph
Mu'awiyah afterwards governor of Bassorah, Cufa and Al-Hijaz.
 The seditions in Kufah were mainly caused by the wilful nepotism of Caliph Othman bin Asákir which at last brought about his death. His main quality seems to have been personal beauty: "never was seen man or woman of fairer face than he and he was the most comely of men:" he was especially famed for beautiful teeth which in old age he bound about with gold wire. He is described as of middling stature, large- limbed, broad shouldered, fleshy of thigh and long in the fore-arm which was hairy. His face inclined to yellow and was pock-marked; his beard was full and his curly hair, which he dyed yellow, fell below his ears. He is called "writer of the Koran" from his edition of the M.S., and "Lord of the two Lights" because he married two of the Prophet's daughters, Rukayyah and Umm Kulthum; and, according to the Shi'ahs who call him Othman-i-Lang or" limping Othman," he vilely maltreated them. They justify his death as the act of an Ijmá' al-Muslimín, the general consensus of Moslems which ratifies "Lynch law." Altogether Othman is a mean figure in history.
 "Nár" (fire) is a word to be used delicately from its connection with Gehenna. You say, e.g. "bring me a light, a coal (bassah)" etc.; but if you say "bring me fire! " the enemy will probably remark "He wanteth fire even before his time!" The slang expression would be "bring the sweet." (Pilgrimage i. 121.)
 Omar is described as a man of fair complexion, and very ruddy, but he waxed tawny with age, when he also became bald and grey. He had little hair on the cheeks but a long mustachio with reddish ends. In stature he overtopped the people and was stout as he was tall. A popular saying of Mohammed's is, "All (very) long men are fools save Omar, and all (very) short men are knaves save Ali." The Persians, who abhor Omar, compare every lengthy, ungainly, longsome thing with him; they will say, "This road never ends, like the entrails of Omar." We know little about Ali's appearance except that he was very short and stout, broad and full-bellied with a tawny complexion and exceedingly hairy, his long beard, white as cotton, filling all the space between his shoulders. He was a "pocket. Hercules," and incredible tales, like that about the gates of Khaybar, are told of his strength. Lastly, he was the only Caliph who bequeathed anything to literature: his "Cantiloquium" is famous and he has left more than one mystical and prophetic work. See Ockley for his "Sentences" and D'Herbelot s. D. "Ali" and "Gebr." Ali is a noble figure in Moslem history.
 The emancipation from the consequences of his sins; or it may mean a holy death.
 Battle fought near Al-Medinah A.D. 625. The word is derived from "shad" (one). I have described the site in my Pilgrimage, (vol. ii. 227).
 "Haphsa" in older writers; Omar's daughter and one of Mohammed's wives, famous for her connection with the manuscripts of the Koran. From her were (or claimed to be) descended the Hafsites who reigned in Tunis and extended their power far and wide over the Maghrib (Mauritania), till dispossessed by the Turks.
 i.e. humbly without the usual strut or swim: it corresponds with the biblical walking or going softly. (I Kings xxi. 27; Isaiah xxxviii. 15, etc.)
 A theologian of the seventh and eighth centuries.
 i.e. to prepare himself by good works, especially alms-giving, for the next world.
 A theologian of the eighth century.
 Abd al-Aziz was eighth Ommiade (regn. A.H. 99=717) and the fifth of the orthodox, famed for a piety little known to his house. His most celebrated saying was, " Be constant in meditation on death: if thou bein straitened case 'twill enlarge it, and if in affluence 'twill straiten it upon thee." He died. poisoned, it is said, in A.H 101,
 Abu Bakr originally called Abd al-Ka'abah (slave of the Ka'abah) took the name of Abdullah and was surnamed Abu Bakr (father of the virgin) when Mohammed, who before had married only widows, took to wife his daughter, the famous or infamous Ayishah. "Bikr" is the usual form, but "Bakr," primarily meaning a young camel, is metaphorically applied to human youth (Lane's Lex. s. c.). The first Caliph was a cloth-merchant, like many of the Meccan chiefs. He is described as very fair with bulging brow, deep set eyes and thin-checked, of slender build and lean loined, stooping and with the backs of his hands fleshless. He used tinctures of Henna and Katam for his beard. The Persians who hate him, call him "Pir-i-Kaftár," the old she-hyaena, and believe that he wanders about the deserts of Arabia in perpetual rut which the males must satisfy.
 The second, fifth, sixth and seventh Ommiades.
 The mother of Omar bin Abd al-Aziz was a granddaughter of
Omar bin al-Khattab.
 Brother of this Omar's successor, Yezid II.
 So the Turkish proverb "The fish begins to stink at the head."
 Calling to the slaves.
 When the "Day of Arafat" (9th of Zú'l-Hijjah) falls upon a Friday. For this Hajj al- Akbar see my Pilgrimage iii. 226. It is often confounded by writers (even by the learned M. Caussin de Perceval) with the common Pilgrimage as opposed to the Umrah, or " Lesser Pilgrimage" (ibid. iii. 342, etc.). The latter means etymologically cohabiting with a woman in her father's house as opposed to 'Ars or leading her to the husband's home: it is applied to visiting Meccah and going through all the pilgrim-rites but not at the Pilgrimage-season. Hence its title "Hajj al-Asghar" the "Lesser Hajj." But "Umrah" is also applied to a certain ceremony between the hills Safá (a large hard rock) and Marwah (stone full of flints), which accompanies the Hajj and which I have described (ibid. iii. 344). At Meccah I also heard of two places called Al-Umrah, the Greater in the Wady Fátimah and the Lesser half way nearer the city (ibid. iii. 344).
 A fair specimen of the unworthy egoism which all religious systems virtually inculcate Here a pious father leaves his children miserable to save his own dirty soul.
 Chief of the Banú Tamín, one of the noblest of tribes, derived from Tamím, the uncle of Kuraysh (Koreish); hence the poets sang:—
             There cannot be a son nobler than Kuraysh,
             Nor an uncle nobler than Tamím.
The high minded Tamín is contrasted with the mean-spirited Kays, who also gave rise to a tribe; and hence the saying concerning one absolutely inconsistent, "Art thou now Tamín and then Kays?"
 Surnamed Al-Sakafi, Governor of Al-Yaman and Irak.
 Tenth Ommiade (regn. A H. 105-125 = 724-743).
 Or "clothe thee in worn-out clothes" i.e. "Become a Fakir" or religious mendicant.
 This gratuitous incest in ignorance injures the tale and is as repugnant to Moslem as to Christian taste.
 The child is named either on the day of its birth or on that day week. The father whispers it in the right ear, often adding the Azán or prayer-call, and repeating in the left ear the "Ikámah" or Friday sentence. There are many rules for choosing names according to the week-day, the ascendant planet, the "Sortes Coranicæ," etc.
 Amongst Moslems as amongst Christians there are seven deadly sins: idolatry, murder, falsely charging modest women with unchastity, robbing orphans, usury, desertion in Holy War and disobedience to parents. The difference between the two creeds is noteworthy. And the sage knows only three, intemperance, ignorance and egoism.
 Meaning, "It was decreed by Destiny; so it came to pass," appropriate if not neat.
 The short, stout, dark, long-haired and two-bunched camel from "Bukhtar" (Bactria), the "Eastern" (Bakhtar) region on the Amu or Jayhun (Oxus) River; afterwards called Khorasan. The two-humped camel is never seen in Arabia except with northern caravans, and to speak of it would be a sore test of Badawi credulity.
 "Kaylúlah" is the "forty-winks" about noon: it is a Sunnat or Practice of the Prophet who said, "Make the mid-day siesta, for verily at this hour the devils sleep not." "Aylúlain" is slumbering after morning prayers (our "beauty-sleep"), causing heaviness andid leness: "Ghaylúlah" is dozing about 9 a.m. engendering poverty and wretchedness: "Kaylúlah" (with the guttural Kaf) is sleeping before evening prayers and "Faylúlah" is slumbering after sunset—both held to be highly detrimental. (Pilgrimage ii 49.)
 The Biblical "Hamath" (Hightown) too well known to require description. It is still famous for the water-wheels mentioned by al-Hariri (assembly of the Banu Harám).
 When they say, "The levee flashes bright on the hills of
Al-Yaman," the allusion is to the south quarter, where
summer-lightning is seen. Al-Yaman (always with the article) means,
I have said, the right-hand region to one facing the rising sun and
Al-Sham (Syria) the left-hand region.
 Again "he" for "she," in delicacy and jealousy of making public the beauty or conditions of the "veiled sex." Even public singers would hesitate to use a feminine pronoun. As will be seen however, the rule is not invariably kept and hardly ever in Badawi poetry.
 The normal pun on "Nuzhat al-Zaman" = Delight of the Age or Time.
 The reader will find in my Pilgrimage (i. 305) a sketch of the Takht-rawan or travelling-litter, in which pilgrimesses are wont to sleep.
 In poetry it holds the place of our Zephyr; end the "Bád- i-Sabá"=Breeze o' the morn, Is much addressed by Persian poets.
 Here appears the nervous, excitable, hysterical Arab temperament which is almost phrensied by the neighbourhood of a home from which he had run away.
 Zau al-Makan and Nuzhat al-Zaman.
 The idea is essentially Eastern, "A lion at home and a lamb abroad" is the popular saying.
 Arab. "Hubb al-Watan" (= love of birthplace, patriotism) of which the Tradition says "Min al-Imán" (=is part of man's religion).
 He is supposed to speak en prince; and he yields to a prayer when he spurns a command.
 In such caravans each party must keep its own place under pain of getting into trouble with the watchmen and guards.
 Mr. Payne (ii. 109) borrows this and the next quotation from the Bull Edit. i. 386.
 For the expiation of inconsiderate oaths see Koran (chaps. v.). I cannot but think that Al-Islam treats perjury too lightly: all we can say is-that it improves upon Hinduism which practically seems to leave the punishment to the gods.
 "Kausar," as has been said, represents the classical nectar, the Amrita of the Hindus.
 From Bull Edit. i. 186. The couplet in the Mac. Edit. i. 457 is very wildly applied.
 The "insula" of Sancho Panza.
 This should have assured him that he stood in no danger.
 Here ends the wearisome tale of the brother and sister, and the romance of chivalry begins once more with the usual Arab digressions.
 I have derived this word from the Persian "rang"=colour, hue, kind.
 Otherwise all would be superseded, like U. S. officials under a new President.
 Arab. "Nímshah" from the Pers. Nímchah, a "half-sword," a long dagger worn in the belt. Richardson derives it from Namsh, being freckled (damasked).
 The Indian term for a tent large enough to cover a troop of cavalry.
 Arab. "Marhúm" a formula before noticed. It is borrowed from the Jewish, "of blessed memory" (after the name of the honoured dead, Prov. x. 17.); with the addition of "upon whom be peace," as opposed to the imprecation, "May the name of the wicked rot!"
 The speeches of the five damsels should be read only by students.
 i.e. Those who look for "another and a better."
 The title of Caliph Abu Bakr because he bore truthful witness to the Apostle's mission or, others say, he confirmed the "Mi'ráj" or nocturnal journey to Heaven.
 All this is Koranic (chaps. ii., etc.).
 This may have applied more than once to "hanging judges" in the Far West.
 A traditionist and jurisconsult of Al-Medinah in the seventh and eighth centuries.
 The Alexander of the Koran and Eastern legends, not to be confounded with the Alexander of Macedon. He will be noticed in a future Night.
 Æsop, according to the Arabs: of him or rather of the two
Lukmans, more presently.
 Koran ii. 185.
 Mohammed.
 One of the Asháb or Companions of Mohammed.
 A noted traditionist at Cufa in the seventh century.
 Koran, chaps. lxxiv. I (and verse 8 follows). The Archangel Gabriel is supposed to address Mohammed and not a few divines believe this Surah (chapter) to have been first revealed. Mr. Rodwell makes it No. ii. following the Fatrah or silent interval which succeeded No. xcvi. "Clots of Blood." See his 2nd Edit. p. 3 for further details.
 i.e. dangerous to soul-health.
 In the Mac. Edit. "Abd" for "Sa'id." The latter was a black and a native of Cufa during the first century (A.H ) and is still famous as a traditionist.
 Arab. "Shirk," giving a partner to Allah, attending chiefly to Christians and idolaters and in a minor degree to Jews and Guebres. We usually English it by "polytheism," which is clumsy and conveys a wrong idea
 Grandson of the Caliph Ali. He is one of the Imams
(High-priests) of the Shi'ah school.
 An eminent traditionist of the eighth century (A.D.).
 The prayers of the Fast-month and Pilgrimage-month are often said in especial places outside the towns and cities; these are the Indian Id(Eed-)gáh. They have a screen of wall about a hundred yards long with a central prayer-niche and the normal three steps for the preacher; and each extremity is garnished with an imitation minaret. They are also called Namáz-gah and one is sketched by Herklots (Plate iii. fig. 2). The object of the trips thither in Zu'l-Ka'adah and Zu'l-Hijjah is to remind Moslems of the "Ta'aríf," or going forth from Meccah to Mount Arafat.
 Arab. "Al-Háfi," which in Egyptian means sore-footed as well. He was an ascetic of the eighth and ninth centuries (A.D.). He relates a tradition of the famous soldier saint Khálid bin Walíd who lies buried like the poet Ka'ab al-Ahbár near Hums (Emessa) once the Botia, Phrygia, Abdera, Suabia of Syria now Halbun (pronounced Halbáun) near Damascus. I cannot explain how this Kuraysh noble (a glorious figure in Moslem history) is claimed by the Afghans as one of their countrymen and made to speak Pukhtu or Pushtu, their rough old dialect of Persian. The curious reader will consult my Pilgrimage iii. 322 for the dialogue between Mohammed and Khalid. Again there is general belief in Arabia that the English sent a mission to the Prophet, praying that Khalid might be despatched to proselytise them: unfortunately Mohammed was dead and the "Ingríz" ratted. It is popularly held that no armed man can approach Khalid's grave; but I suppose my revolver did not count.
 When he must again wash before continuing prayer.
 Bin Adham; another noted ascetic of the eighth century.
Those curious about these unimportant names will consult the great
Biographical Dictionary of Ibn Khallikan, translated by Baron
MacGuckin de Slane (1842-45).
 Thus making Bishr the "Imám" (artistes) lit. one who stands in front. In Koran xvii. 74 it means "leader": in ii. 118 Allah makes Abraham an "Imam to mankind."
 A favourite sentiment in the East: we find it at the very beginning of Sa'di's Gulistan: better a weal-bringing lie than a harm-dealing truth.
 A penny, one sixth of the drachma.
 Founder of the Hanbali, fourth (in date) of the four orthodox Moslem schools. The Caliph al-Mu'atasim bi'llah, son of Harun al-Rashid, who believed the Koran to have been created and not a Logos (whatever that may be), co-eternal with Allah, scourged this Imam severely for "differing in opinion" (A.H. 220=833). In fact few of the notable reverends of that day escaped without a caress of the scourge or the sword.
 A learned man of the eighth century at Bassorah (A.D.).
 A traditionist of Khorasan in the ninth century (A.D.).
 "Azal," opp. to "Abad," eternity without end, infinity.
 Koran lxvi. 6.
 A traditionist of Al-Medinah, eighth century (A.D.).
 Arab. "Músá": the Egyptian word was "Mesu," the "child" or the "boy" (brought up in the palace?), and the Hebrews made it "Mosheh" or "one drawn out of the water;" "Mu" in Egypt being water, the Arab "Ma"; whence probably the moderns have derived the dim. "Moyeh ," vulg. Egyptian for water.
 Koran, chaps. xxviii.: Shu'ayb is our Jethro: Koran, chaps. vii. and xi. Mr. Rodwell suggests (p. 101) that the name has been altered from Hobab (Numb. x. 29).
 Arab. "Taub" (Saub), the long shirt popularly written in English Tobe and pronounced so by Egyptians. It is worn by both sexes (Lane, M. E. chaps. i. "Tob") in Egypt, and extends into the heart of Moslem Africa: I can compare it with nothing but a long nightgown dyed a dirty yellow by safflower and about as picturesque as a carter's smock-frock.
 There is nothing of this in the Koran; and it is a most unhappy addition, as Moses utterly and pretentiously ignored a "next world."
 Koran xxviii. 22-27. Mohammed evidently confounded the contract between Laban and Jacob. (Gen. xxix. 15-39.)
 So says Al-Hariri (Ass. of Sasan), "The neighbour before the house and the traveller before the journey." In certain cities the neighbourhood is the real detective police, noting every action and abating scandals (such as orgies, etc.) with a strong hand and with the full consent of public opinion and of the authorities. This loving the neighbour shows evident signs of being borrowed from Christianity.
 Al-Asamm a theologian of Balkh, ninth century (A.D.).
 The founder of the Senior School, for which see Sale Prel.
Disc. sect. viii.
 Thus serving the Lord by sinning against his own body.
 An Egyptian doctor of the law (ninth century).
 Koran lxxvii. 35, 36. This is one of the earliest and most poetical chapters of the book.
 Abu Hanifah was scourged for refusing to take office and was put to death in prison, it is said by poison (A.H. 150=A.D. 767), for a judicial sentence authorising rebellion against the second Abbaside, Al-Mansur, surnamed Abu'l-Dawánik (Father of Pence) for his exceeding avarice.
 "Lá rayba fí-hi" says the Koran (ii. 1) of itself; and the saying is popularly applied to all things of the Faith.
 Arab. "Rivál al-Ghayb," somewhat like the "Himalayan Brothers" of modern superstition. See Herklots (Qanoon-e-Islam) for a long and careful description of these "Mardán-i-Ghayb" (Pers.), a "class of people mounted on clouds," invisible, but moving in a circular orbit round the world, and suggesting the Hindu "Lokapálas." They should not be in front of the traveller nor on his right, but either behind or on his left hand. Hence tables, memorial couplets and hemistichs are required to ascertain the station, without which precaution journeys are apt to end badly.
 A sweetmeat before noticed.
 Door hinges in the east are two projections for the top and bottom of the leaf playing in hollows of the lintel and threshold. It appears to be the primitive form, for we find it in the very heart of Africa. In the basaltic cities of the Hauran, where the doors are of thick stone, they move easily on these pins. I found them also in the official (not the temple)City of Palmyra, but all broken.
 The effect of the poison and of the incantation which accompanied it.
 King Omar who had raped her. My sympathies are all with the old woman who nightly punished the royal lecher.
 Arab. "Zunnár," the Gr. . Christians and Jews were compelled by the fanatical sumptuary laws of the Caliph Al- Mutawakkil (AD. 856) to wear a broad leather belt in public, hence it became a badge of the Faith. Probably it was confounded with the "Janeo" (Brahmanical thread) and the Parsi sacred girdle called Kashti. (Dabistan i, 297, etc.). Both Mandeville and La Brocquière speak of "Christians of the Girdle, because they are all girt above," intending Jacobites or Nestorians.
 "Siláh dár" (Arab. and Pers.)=a military officer of high rank; literally an "armour-bearer," chosen for velour and trustworthiness. So Jonathan had a "young man" (brave) who bare his armour (I Sam. xiv. 1, 6 and 7); and Goliath had a man that bare the shield before him (ibid. xvii. 7, 41). Men will not readily forget the name of Sulayman Agha, called the Silahdar, in Egypt. (Lane M. E. chaps. iv.)
 It will be told afterwards.
 The elder brother thus showed himself a vassal and proved himself a good Moslem by not having recourse to civil war.
 Arab. "Ghazwah," the corrupt Gallicism, now
Europeanised=raid, foray.
 Turk in modern parlance means a Turkoman, a pomade: the settled people call themselves Osmanli or Othmanli. Turkoman=Turk- like.
 Arab. "Nimsá;" southern Germans, Austrians; from the Slav. "Nemica" (any Germans), literally meaning "The dumb" (nemac), because they cannot speak Slav.
 Arab. "Dubárá" from the Slav. "Dubrovnik," from "Dub" (an oak) and "Dubrava" (an oak forest). Ragusa, once a rival of Venice, gave rise to the word "Argosy." D'Herbelot calls it "Dobravenedik" or "Good Venice," the Turkish name, because it paid tribute when Venice would not (?).
 Arab. "Jawarnah," or, "Júrnah" evidently Zara, a place of many names, Jadera (Hirtius de Bell. Alex. cap. 13), Jadra, Zadra (whence the modern term), Diadora, Diadosca and Jadrossa. This important Liburnian city sent forth many cruisers in crusading days; hence the Arabs came to know its name.
 Arab. "Banu'l-Asfar;" which may mean "Pale faces," in the sense of "yeller girls" (New Orleans) and that intended by North American Indians, or, possibly, the peoples with yellow (or rather tow-coloured) hair we now call Russians. The races of Hindostan term the English not "white men," but "red men;" and the reason will at once be seen by comparing a Britisher with a high-caste Nágar Brahman whose face is of parchment colour as if he had drunk exsangue cuminum. The Yellow-faces of the text correspond with the Sansk. "Svetadvipa"—Whiteman's Land.
 Arab. "Al-Musakhkham." No Moslem believes that Isa was crucified and a favourite fancy is that Judas, changed to the likeness of Jesus, thus paid for his treason. (Evangel. Barnabæ.) Hence the resurrection is called not "Kiyámah" but "Kumámah"=rubbish. This heresy about the Cross they share with the Docetes, "certain beasts in the shape of men" (says Ignatius), who held that a phantom was crucified. So far the Moslems are logical, for "Isa," being angelically, miraculously and immaculately conceived, could not be; but they contradict themselves when they hold a vacant place near Mohammed's tomb for the body of Isa after his second coming as a forerunner to Mohammed and Doomday. (Pilgrimage ii. 89.)
 A diviner, priest, esp. Jewish, and not belonging to the tribe of Levi.
 Again the coarsest word "Khara." The allusion is to the
vulgar saying, "Thou eatest skite!" (i.e. thou talkest nonsense).
Decent English writers modify this to, "Thou eatest dirt:" and Lord
Beaconsfield made it ridiculous by turning it into "eating sand."
 These silly scandals, which cause us only to smile, excite
Easterns to fury. I have seen a Moslem wild with rage on hearing a
Christian parody the opening words of the Koran, "Bismillahi 'l-
Rahmáni 'l-Rahím, Mismish wa Kamar al-din," roughly translated,
"In the name of Allah, the Compassionating, the Compassionate! Apricots and marmalede." The idea of the Holy Merde might have been suggested by the Hindus: see Mandeville, of the archiprotopapaton (prelate) carrying ox-dung and urine to the King, who therewith anoints his brow and breast, &c. And, incredible to relate, this is still practiced after a fashion by the Parsis, one of the most progressive and the sharpest witted of Asiatic races.
 Meaning that he had marked his brow with a cross (of ashes?) as certain do on Ash Wednesday.
 Syria, the "left-hand land" as has before been explained. The popular saying about its people is "Shámi shúmi!"—the Syrian is small potatoes (to render the sense Americanicè). Nor did Syrus, the slave in Roman days, bear the best of names. In Al-Hijaz the Syrian is addressed "Abú Shám" (Father of Syria) and insulted as "Abuser of the Salt" (a traitor). Yet many sayings of Mohammed are recorded in honour of Syria, and he sometimes used Syriac words. Such were "Bakh, bakh" (=euge, before noticed), and "Kakh," a congener of the Latin Cacus and Caca which our day has docked to "cack." (Pilgrimage iii. 115)
 Koran xiv. 34. "They (Unbelievers) shall be thrown therein (i.e., the House of Perdition=Hell); and an unhappy dwelling shall it be."
 The leg-cut is a prime favourite with the Eastern Sworder, and a heavy two-handed blade easily severs a horse's leg.
 Mohammed repeatedly declared (Koran lxi.) that the Christians had falsified the passage ("I go to my Father and the Paraclete shall come," John xvi. 7) promising the advent of the Comforter, (ibid. xiv. 20; xv. 26) by substituting the latter word for glorious, renowned, i.e., Ahmed or Mohammed=the praised one. This may have been found in the Arabic translation of the Gospels made by Warakah, cousin to Mohammed's first wife; and hence in Koran lxi. we find Jesus prophesying of an Apostle "whose name shall be Ahmad." The word has consequently been inserted into the Arabic Gospel of Saint Barnabas (Dabistan iii. 67). Moslems accept the Pentateuch, the Psalter and the Gospel; but assert (Koran, passim.) that all extant copies have been hopelessly corrupted, and they are right. Moses, to whom the Pentateuch is attributed, notices his own death and burial—"the mair the miracle," said the old Scotch lady. The "Psalms of David" range over a period of some five hundred years, and there are three Isaiahs who pass with the vulgar for one. The many apocryphal Gospels, all of which have been held genuine and canonical at different times and in different places, prove that the four, which are still in use, were retained because they lack the manifest absurdities of their discarded rivals.
 Arab. " Labbayka; " the Pilgrimage-cry (Night xxii.) which in Arabic is,
Labbayk' Allahumma, Labbayk'!
Lá Sharíka lake, Labbayk'!
Inna 'l-hamda w'al ni'amata lake wa'l mulk!
Labbayk' Allahumma, Labbayk'!
Some add "Here am I, and I honour Thee, the son of Thy two slaves; beneficence and good are all between Thy hands."With the "Talbiyah" the pilgrims should bless the Prophet, pray Allah to grant Heaven and exclaim, "By Thy mercy spare us from the pains of Hell-fire!" (Pilgrimage iii. 232.) Labbayka occurs in the verses attributed to Caliph Ali; so labba=he faced, and yalubbu=it faces (as one house faces another); lastly, he professed submission to Allah; in which sense, together with the verbal noun "Talbiyah," it is used by Al- Hanri (Pref. and Ass. of Su'adah).
 Arab. "Kissís" (plur. Kusús) from .
 Koran ii. The "red cow" is evidently the "red heifer" of
Barnabas, chaps. vii.
 Arab. "Al-Jásalík"= .
 This is from the first "Gospel of Infancy," wherein Jesus said to his mother, "Verily I am Jesus, the Son of God, the Word which thou hast brought forth, as the Angel Gabriel did declare unto thee; and my Father hath sent me to save the world" (chaps. i. 2.). The passage is virtually quoted in the Koran (chaps. iii. 141), of course omitting " the Son of God"
 Mohammed allowed his locks to grow down to his ear-lobes but never lower.
 Arab. "Lisám" I have explained as a covering for the lower face, made by drawing over it the corner of the head-kerchief (Pilgrimage i. 346). The Lisám of the African Tawárik hoods the eyes so that a man must turn up his face to see, and swathes all the lower half, leaving only the nose exposed. And this is worn by many men by night as well as by day, doubtless to avoid the evil eye. The native Sultans of Darfur, like those of Bornu and others further west, used white muslin as a face-wrap: hence, too, the ceremonies when spitting, etc., etc. The Kúfiyah or head-kerchief of the Arabs soon reached Europe and became in Low Latin Cuphia; in Spanish Escofia; in Ital. Cuffia or Scuffia; in French Escoffion, Scofion (Reine Marguerite) Coëffe (une pellicule, marque de bonheur) Coiffe and Coife, &c.; the Scotch Curch or Coif, opposed to the maiden snood, and, lastly our Sergeant-at-Law's Coif. Littré, the Learned, who in erudition was né coiffé, has missed this obvious derivation.
 "Cutting," throughout the book, alludes to the scymitar with which Arabs never give point; and "thrusting" to the footman's spear and the horseman's lance.
 A popular phrase, I repeat, for extreme tenor and consternation.
 The name usually applies to a well-known district and city of Al Yaman, where "Koss the eloquent" was bishop in Mohammed's day: the Negiran of D'Herbelot. Here, however, it is the Syrian Najrán (Nejrân of Missionary Porter's miserable Handbook), now a wretched village near the volcanic Lajjá, about one hundred and twenty miles direct south of Damascus and held by Druzes and Christians.
 The Kantár (quintal) of 100 ratls (Ibs.) =98-99 Ibs. avoir.
 Arab. "Juráb (bag) mi'adat- ih (of his belly)," the "curdling of the testicles" in fear is often mentioned.
 Clearly alluding to the magic so deeply studied by mediæval Jews.
 Arab. "Sahákah," lit. rubbing. The Moslem Harem is a great school for this "Lesbian (which I would call Atossan) love "; but the motive of the practice lies deeper. As amongst men the mixture of the feminine with the masculine temperament leads to sodomy, so the reverse makes women prefer their own sex. These tribades are mostly known by peculiarities of form and features, hairy cheeks and upper lips, gruff voices, hircine odour and the large projecting clitoris with erectile powers known to the Arabs as "bazar" hence Tabzír=circumcision or amputation of such clitoris. Burckhardt (Prov. 436) translates " Bazarah" by slut or wench. He adds " it originally signifies the labia which the Cairenes also entice Zambúr and which are cut off in girlhood." See also Lane, Lex. s.v.; Tabzír. Both writers confuse excision of the nymphæ with circumcision of the clitoris (Zambúr) Al-Siyúti (Kitab al-Izá' fi'Ilm al-Nikah) has a very interesting chapter on Sapphic venery, which is well known to Europe as proved by such works as "Gamiani," and "Anandria ou Confessions de Mademoiselle Sappho, avec la Clef," Lesbos, 1718. Onanism is fatally prevalent: in many Harems and girls' schools tallow candles and similar succedanea are vainly forbidden and bananas when detected are cut into four so as to be useless; of late years, however, China has sent some marvellous artificial phalli of stuffed bladder, horn and even caoutchouc, the latter material of course borrowed from Europe.
 This is considered a powerful aphrodisiac in the East. Hence male devotees are advised to avoid tile "two reds," i.e. meat and wine; while the "two reds," which corrupt women, are gold and saffron, that is perfumery. Hence also the saying of Mohammed:— "Perfumes for men should have scent and not colour; for women should have colour and not scent." (Mishkát al-Masábíh ii. 361.)

 These are the "Hibás" or thin cords of wool which the
Badawi binds round his legs, I believe to keep off cramp.
(Pilgrimage iii. 78).
 Crying out "La iláha illa 'llah." (There is no god but the
God.); technically called "Tahlíl."
 i.e. Men, angels and devils, the "Triloka" (triple people) of the Hindus. Alamín (plur.), never Alamayn (dual), is the Triregno denoted by the papal Tiara, the three Christian kingdoms being Heaven, Hell and Purgatory.
 Matrahinna or Mit-Rahinah is a well-known village near Memphis, the name being derived from the old Egyptian Minat-ro- hinnu, the port at the mouth of the canal. Let me remark that two of these three words, "Minat" and "Ru," are still common in " Aryan" Persian.
 Kirámat, a sign, a prodigy, opposed to Mu'ujizah, a miracle wrought by a prophet. The Sufis explain this thaumaturgy by Allah changing something of Nature's ordinary course in favour of an especial worshipper, and, after a fashion, this is Catholic doctrine (See Dabistan, iii. 173).
 Koran, x. 25, "until the earth receive its vesture and be adorned with various plants."
 i.e. the young hair sprouting on the boy's cheek.
 A fighter for the faith and now a title which follows the name, e.g. Osmán Páshá Ghází, whom the English press dubbed "Ghazi Osman."
 That is the King of Constantinople.
 Cassia fistularis, a kind of carob: " Shambar" is the
Arab. form of the Persian " Chambar."
 Koran, ii. 149. Hence the vulgar idea that Martyrs are still alive in the flesh. See my Pilgrimage (ii. 110 and elsewhere) for the romantic and picturesque consequences of that belief. The Commentators (Jalál al-Dín, etc.) play tricks with the Koranic words, " they (martyrs) are not dead but living" (iii. 179) by placing the happy souls in the crops of green birds which eat of the fruits and drink of the waters of Paradise; whereas the reprobates and the (very) wicked are deposited in black birds which drain the sanies and the boiling waters of Hell. Amongst the Greeks a body remaining entire long after death suggests Anathema Maranatha: it is the contrary with Catholic Christians (Boccaccio iv. 5, of the Pot of Basil). Concerning this creed see Maundrell, Letter of 1698.
 Tor is "Mount Sinai" in the Koran (xcv. 1). I have only to repeat my opinion concerning the present site so called: "It is evident that Jebel Serbal dates only from the early days of Coptic Christianity; that Jebel Musa, its Greek rival, rose after the visions of Helena in the fourth century; whilst the building of the Convent by Justinian belongs to A.D 527. Ras Safsáfah, its rival to the north, is an affair of yesterday, and may be called the invention of Robinson; and Jebel Katerina, to the south is the property of Rüppell" (Midian Revisited i., 237). I would therefore call the "Sinaitic" Peninsula, Peninsula of Paran in old days and Peninsula of Tor (from its chief port) in our time. It is still my conviction that the true Mount Sinai will be found in Jabal Aráif, or some such unimportant height to the north of the modern Hajj- road from Suez to Akabah. Even about the name (which the Koran writes "Sainá" and "Sínín") there is a dispute: It is usually derived from the root "Sanah"=sentis, a bush; but this is not satisfactory. Our eminent Assyriologist, Professor Sayce, would connect it with "Sin," the Assyrian Moon- god as Mount Nebo with the Sun-god and he expects to find there the ruins of a Lunar temple as a Solar fane stands on Ba'al Zapuna (Baal Zephon) or the classical Mount Casius.
 Alluding to the miracle of Aaron's rod (the gift of Jethro) as related in the Koran (chapts. vii. 1., xx., etc.), where the Egyptian sorcerers threw down thick ropes which by their magic twisted and coiled like serpents.
 Arab. "Ayát" lit. "signs," here "miracles of the truth," 1. c. Koranic versets as opposed to chapters. The ranks of the enemy represent the latter, sword-cuts the former—a very persuasive mode of preaching.
 Lane (M. E. chapt.. iii.) shows by a sketch the position of the worshipper during this "Salám" which is addressed, some say, to the guardian angels, others suppose to all brother-believers and angels.
 i.e., where the Syrians found him.
 i.e., Dedianus Arabised; a name knightly and plebian.
 In such tales the Wazir is usually the sharp-witted man, contrasting with the "dummy," or master.
 Carrier-pigeons were extensively used at this time. The Caliph Al-Násir li-Díni lláh (regn. A.H. 575=1180) was, according to Ibn Khaldún, very fond of them. The moderns of Damascus still affect them. My successor, Mr. Consul Kirby Green, wrote an excellent report on pigeon-fancying at Damascus. The so-called Maundeville or Mandeville in A. D. 1322 speaks of carrier-pigeons in Syria as a well-known mode Of intercourse between lord and lord.
 Mohammed who declared "There is no monkery in Al-Islam," and who virtually abolished the priest, had an especial aversion to the shaveling (Ruhbán). But the "Gens æterna in quâ nemo nascitur" (Pliny v. 17) managed to appear even in Al-lslam, as Fakirs,, Dervishes, Súfis, etc. Of this more hereafter.
 i.e. her holiness would act like a fascinating talisman.
 The "smoking out" practice is common amongst the Arabs: hence Marshal Pelissier's so- called " barbarity." The Public is apt to forget that on a campaign the general's first duty is to save his own men by any practice which the laws of fair warfare do not absolutely forbid.
 i.e. Mohammed, who promised Heaven and threatened Hell.
 Arab. "Ahr" or "ihr," fornication or adultery, i.e., irreligion, infidelity as amongst the Hebrews (Isaiah xxiii.17).
 A sign of defeat.
 In English "last night": I have already noted that the Moslem day, like the Jewish and the Scandinavian, begins at sundown; and "layl " a night, is often used to denote the twenty- four hours between sunset and sunset, whilst "yaum," a day, would by us be translated in many cases "battle-day."
 Iterum the "Himalayan Brothers."
 Again, Mohammed who promised Good to the Good, and vice versâ.
 They are sad doggrel like most of the pièces d'occasion inserted in The Nights.
 Here "Kahwah" (coffee) is used in its original sense of strong old wine. The derivation is "Akhá"=fastidire fecit, causing disinclination for food, the Matambre (kill- hunger) of the Iberians. In old days the scrupulous called coffee "Kihwah" in order to distinguish it from 'Kakwah," wine.
 i.e. Mohammed, a common title.
 That is, fatal to the scoffer and the impious.
 Equivalent to our "The Devil was sick," etc.
 i.e. to the enemy: the North American Indians (so called) use similar forms of "inverted speech"; and the Australian aborigines are in no way behind them.
 See Vol. i., p. 154 (Night xvi.).
 Arab. "Sauf," a particle denoting a near future whereas
"Sa-" points to one which may be very remote.
 From the root "Shanh"=having a fascinating eye, terrifying. The Irish call the fascinater "eybitter" and the victim (who is also rhymed to death) "eybitten."
 i.e., not like the noble-born, strong in enduring the stress of fight.
 i.e., of Abraham. For the Well Zemzem and the Place of Abraham see my Pilgrimage (iii. 171-175, etc.), where I described the water as of salt-bitter taste, like that of Epsom (iii. 203). Sir William Muir (in his excellent life of Mahomet, I. cclviii.) remarks that "the flavour of stale water bottled up for months would not be a criterion of the same water freshly drawn;" but soldered tins-full of water drawn a fortnight before are to be had in Calcutta and elsewhere after Pilgrimage time; and analysis would at once detect the salt.
 Racing was and is a favourite pastime with those hippomanists, the Arabs; but it contrasts strongly with our civilised form being a trial of endurance rather than of speed. The Prophet is said to have limited betting in these words, "There shall be no wagering save on the Kuff (camel's foot), the Hafir (hoof of horse, ass, etc.) or the Nasal (arrow-pile or lance head)."
 In the Mac. Edit. "Arman"=Armenia, which has before occurred. The author or scribe here understands by "Cæsarea" not the old Turris Stratonis, Herod's city called after Augustus, but Cæsareia the capital of Cappadocia (Pliny, vi. 3), the royal residence before called Mazaca (Strabo).
 An idiom meaning "a very fool."
 i.e. Kána (was) má (that which) was (kána).
 A son being "the lamp of a dark house."
 When the Israelites refused to receive the Law (the souls of all the Prophets even those unborn being present at the Covenant), Allah tore up the mountain (Sinai which is not mentioned) by the roots and shook it over their heads to terrify them, saying, "Receive the Law which we have given you with a resolution to keep it" (Koran chaps. xlx. 170). Much of this story is from the Talmud (Abodah Sar. 2, 2, Tract Sabbath, etc.) whence Al-Islam borrowed so much of its Judaism, as it took Christianity from the Apocryphal New Testament. This tradition is still held by the Israelites, says Mr. Rodwell (p. 333) who refers it to a misunderstanding of Exod. xix. 17, rightly rendered in the E. version "at the nether part of the mountain."
 Arab. "Azghán" = the camel-litters in which women travel.
 i.e. to joy foes and dismay friends.
 Whose eyes became white (i.e. went blind) with mourning for his son Joseph (Koran, chaps. xii. 84). He recovered his sight when his face was covered with the shirt which Gabriel had given to the youth after his brethren had thrown him into the 

I believe in you and me
We’ll build something like history
I thought when shit got hard
You and I would find a way
To pick up the parts
But now I’m in a cloud of smoke
Finally all alone
After so much time it's hard
To look around and find myself
Back at the start
Back at the start
You might also like
Ah, I like to tell myself
That I don’t need nobody
That I don’t need your help
That I could check my body
I got my soap and
It never ends
Wish you’d tell my why
Cause my minds been in many things
Smoking, drinking, till I’m numbing
Got no way of thinking
As of late
I’m just letting you know
But now I’m yelling fuck it
They say you should say something for you
If you can drive for yourself
I’m letting you go
Oh

I believe in you and me
We’ll build something like history
I thought when shit got hard
You and I would find a way
To pick up the parts
But now I’m in a cloud of smoke
Finally all alone
After so much time it's hard
To look around and find myself
Back at the start
Back at the start
Back at the 