

I have strong determination
And I'm not afraid of change
I have yet to find that someone
Who would care to satisfy me
To stay right by me, oh

Who can I run to (Who can I run to?)
To share this empty space? (Tell me)
Who can I run to
When I need love? (Oh, oh)
Who can I run to (Who can I run to?)
To fill this empty space with laughter?
Who can I run to
When I need love? (Sweet love)

In my mind, it's so confusing
Who would be that special one?
Every day, I'm trying to find you on the run
I've got to know, is there a place for me?
See Xscape LiveGet tickets as low as $108You might also like
I know love has many meanings
And a message very clear
All it takes is time and patience
To bring it near
But who got me, tell me?

Who can I run to (Who can I run to?)
To share this empty space? (This empty space)
Who can I run to
When I need love? (Love)
Who can I run to (Who can I run to?)
To fill this empty space with laughter? (Mmm)
Who can I run to (When I need love)
When I need love? (Love, yeah)

Mmm, who can I run to?
I need love, yeah
(Who can, who can I run to?) Ooh
(Oh, when I need love) I need it, I need it
(Who can, who can I run to?) Who can I run to, oh yeah?
(When I need love) I need love, and you need love
(Who can, who can I run to?) Oh yeah, who can I run to?
(Oh, when I need love) I need love
(Who can, who can I run to?) Yeah
(When I need 

Every man wants a woman
Where him and her can just go hang
Huh, just the two of them alone, kick back
Doin' their own thing
(They're doin' their own thing, yeah!)
And every man wants a woman
That can always keep him in the mood
And I'm that kind of girl
So, this is what I tell my dude

(I tell him to) Kick off your shoes and relax your feet (Oh, baby)
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it (Just kick it), just kick it
(I tell him to) Kick off your shoes and relax your feet (Oh, oh)
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it (Just kick it), just kick it
See Xscape LiveGet tickets as low as $108You might also like
Every man wants a woman
That can cook him up a good meal (Cook him up a good meal)
Huh, a woman he can treat like his homie
Take her out on the Ave and just chill (Just chill)
And every man wants a woman
That ain't good for just layin' on her back
(And I'm that kind of woman)
So, before me and my man get in the sack...

(I'll tell him to) Kick off your shoes and relax your feet (Kick off your shoes)
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it, just kick it (Oh, oh)
Kick off your shoes and relax your feet
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it (Kickin', my baby), just kick it (Yeah, yeah)
Kick off your shoes and relax your feet
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it, just kick it
Kick off your shoes and relax your feet
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it
Just kick it, just kick it

This is for the niggas, strictly for the niggas (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
This is for the niggas, the real niggas (Come on, come on)
This is for the niggas, strictly for the niggas (Yeah, yeah)
This is for the niggas, the real niggas (Hey)
This is for the niggas, strictly for the niggas (Ooh...)
This is for the niggas, the real niggas
This is for the niggas, strictly for the niggas (Whoa)
This is for the niggas,  the real niggas (Yeah)
Kick off your shoes and relax your feet (Come on, yeah)
Party on down to the Xscape beat, just kick it (Oh, baby)
Just kick it (Come on), just kick it (And do-do-doo, do-do-doo, do-do-doo, doo-doo-doo)
Kick off your shoes and relax your feet (Yeah, hey)
Party on down to the Xscape beat (Come on), just kick it (Come on)
Just kick it, just kick it (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 