

le morte d’arthur
king arthur and of his noble knights of the round table

by thomas malory

in two vols.—vol. ii


contents


 book x.

 chapter i. how sir tristram jousted, and smote down king arthur,
 because he told him not the cause why he bare that shield.

 chapter ii. how sir tristram saved sir palomides’ life, and how they
 promised to fight together within a fortnight.

 chapter iii. how sir tristram sought a strong knight that had smitten
 him down, and many other knights of the round table.

 chapter iv. how sir tristram smote down sir sagramore le desirous and
 sir dodinas le savage.

 chapter v. how sir tristram met at the peron with sir launcelot, and
 how they fought together unknown.

 chapter vi. how sir launcelot brought sir tristram to the court, and
 of the great joy that the king and other made for the coming of sir
 tristram.

 chapter vii. how for the despite of sir tristram king mark came with
 two knights into england, and how he slew one of the knights.

 chapter viii. how king mark came to a fountain where he found sir
 lamorak complaining for the love of king lot’s wife.

 chapter ix. how king mark, sir lamorak, and sir dinadan came to a
 castle, and how king mark was known there.

 chapter x. how sir berluse met with king mark, and how sir dinadan
 took his part.

 chapter xi. how king mark mocked sir dinadan, and how they met with
 six knights of the round table.

 chapter xii. how the six knights sent sir dagonet to joust with king
 mark, and how king mark refused him.

 chapter xiii. how sir palomides by adventure met king mark flying, and
 how he overthrew dagonet and other knights.

 chapter xiv. how king mark and sir dinadan heard sir palomides making
 great sorrow and mourning for la beale isoud.

 chapter xv. how king mark had slain sir amant wrongfully to-fore king
 arthur, and sir launcelot fetched king mark to king arthur.

 chapter xvi. how sir dinadan told sir palomides of the battle between
 sir launcelot and sir tristam.

 chapter xvii. how sir lamorak jousted with divers knights of the
 castle wherein was morgan le fay.

 chapter xviii. how sir palomides would have jousted for sir lamorak
 with the knights of the castle.

 chapter xix. how sir lamorak jousted with sir palomides, and hurt him
 grievously.

 chapter xx. how it was told sir launcelot that dagonet chased king
 mark, and how a knight overthrew him and six knights.

 chapter xxi. how king arthur let do cry a jousts, and how sir lamorak
 came in, and overthrew sir gawaine and many other.

 chapter xxii. how king arthur made king mark to be accorded with sir
 tristram, and how they departed toward cornwall.

 chapter xxiii. how sir percivale was made knight of king arthur, and
 how a dumb maid spake, and brought him to the round table.

 chapter xxiv. how sir lamorak visited king lot’s wife, and how sir
 gaheris slew her which was his own mother.

 chapter xxv. how sir agravaine and sir mordred met with a knight
 fleeing, and how they both were overthrown, and of sir dinadan.

 chapter xxvi. how king arthur, the queen, and launcelot received
 letters out of cornwall, and of the answer again.

 chapter xxvii. how sir launcelot was wroth with the letter that he
 received from king mark, and of dinadan which made a lay of king mark.

 chapter xxviii. how sir tristram was hurt, and of a war made to king
 mark; and of sir tristram how he promised to rescue him.

 chapter xxix. how sir tristram overcame the battle, and how elias
 desired a man to fight body for body.

 chapter xxi. how sir elias and sir tristram fought together for the
 truage, and how sir tristram slew elias in the field.

 chapter xxxi. how at a great feast that king mark made an harper came
 and sang the lay that dinadan had made.

 chapter xxxii. how king mark slew by treason his brother boudwin, for
 good service that he had done to him.

 chapter xxxiii. how anglides, boudwin’s wife, escaped with her young
 son, alisander le orphelin, and came to the castle of arundel.

 chapter xxxiv. how anglides gave the bloody doublet to alisander, her
 son, the same day that he was made knight, and the charge withal.

 chapter xxxv. how it was told to king mark of sir alisander, and how
 he would have slain sir sadok for saving his life.

 chapter xxxvi. how sir alisander won the prize at a tournament, and of
 morgan le fay: and how he fought with sir malgrin, and slew him.

 chapter xxxvii. how queen morgan le fay had alisander in her castle,
 and how she healed his wounds.

 chapter xxxviii. how alisander was delivered from queen morgan le fay
 by the means of a damosel.

 chapter xxxix. how alisander met with alice la beale pilgrim, and how
 he jousted with two knights; and after of him and of sir mordred.

 chapter xl. how sir galahalt did do cry a jousts in surluse, and queen
 guenever’s knights should joust against all that would come.

 chapter xli. how sir launcelot fought in the tournament, and how sir
 palomides did arms there for a damosel.

 chapter xlii. how sir galahalt and palomides fought together, and of
 sir dinadan and sir galahalt.

 chapter xliii. how sir archade appealed sir palomides of treason, and
 how sir palomides slew him.

 chapter xliv. of the third day, and how sir palomides jousted with sir
 lamorak, and other things.

 chapter xlv. of the fourth day, and of many great feats of arms.

 chapter xlvi. of the fifth day, and how sir lamorak behaved him.

 chapter xlvii. how sir palomides fought with corsabrin for a lady, and
 how palomides slew corsabrin.

 chapter xlviii. of the sixth day, and what then was done.

 chapter xlix. of the seventh battle, and how sir launcelot, being
 disguised like a maid, smote down sir dinadan.

 chapter l. how by treason sir tristram was brought to a tournament for
 to have been slain, and how he was put in prison.

 chapter li. how king mark let do counterfeit letters from the pope,
 and how sir percivale delivered sir tristram out of prison.

 chapter lii. how sir tristram and la beale isoud came unto england,
 and how sir launcelot brought them to joyous gard.

 chapter liii. how by the counsel of la beale isoud sir tristram rode
 armed, and how he met with sir palomides.

 chapter liv. of sir palomides, and how he met with sir bleoberis and
 with sir ector, and of sir pervivale.

 chapter lv. how sir tristram met with sir dinadan, and of their
 devices, and what he said to sir gawaine’s brethren.

 chapter lvi. how sir tristram smote down sir agravaine and sir
 gaheris, and how sir dinadan was sent for by la beale isoud.

 chapter lvii. how sir dinadan met with sir tristram, and with jousting
 with sir palomides, sir dinadan knew him.

 chapter lviii. how they approached the castle lonazep, and of other
 devices of the death of sir lamorak.

 chapter lix. how they came to humber bank, and how they found a ship
 there, wherein lay the body of king hermance.

 chapter lx. how sir tristram with his fellowship came and were with an
 host which after fought with sir tristram; and other matters.

 chapter lxi. how palomides went for to fight with two brethren for the
 death of king hermance.

 chapter lxii. the copy of the letter written for to revenge the king’s
 death, and how sir palomides fought for to have the battle.

 chapter lxiii. of the preparation of sir palomides and the two
 brethren that should fight with him.

 chapter lxiv. of the battle between sir palomides and the two
 brethren, and how the two brethren were slain.

 chapter lxv. how sir tristram and sir palomides met breuse saunce
 pité, and how sir tristram and la beale isoud went unto lonazep.

 chapter lxvi. how sir palomides jousted with sir galihodin, and after
 with sir gawaine, and smote them down.

 chapter lxvii. how sir tristram and his fellowship came into the
 tournament of lonazep; and of divers jousts and matters.

 chapter lxviii. how sir tristram and his fellowship jousted, and of
 the noble feats that they did in that tourneying.

 chapter lxix. how sir tristram was unhorsed and smitten down by sir
 launcelot, and after that sir tristram smote down king arthur.

 chapter lxx. how sir tristram changed his harness and it was all red,
 and how he demeaned him, and how sir palomides slew launcelot’s horse.

 chapter lxxi. how sir launcelot said to sir palomides, and how the
 prize of that day was given unto sir palomides.

 chapter lxxii. how sir dinadan provoked sir tristram to do well.

 chapter lxxiii. how king arthur and sir lancelot came to see la beale
 isoud, and how palomides smote down king arthur.

 chapter lxxiv. how the second day palomides forsook sir tristram, and
 went to the contrary part against him.

 chapter lxxv. how sir tristram departed of the field, and awaked sir
 dinadan, and changed his array into black.

 chapter lxxvi. how sir palomides changed his shield and his armour for
 to hurt sir tristram, and how sir launcelot did to sir tristram.

 chapter lxxvii. how sir tristram departed with la beale isoud, and how
 palomides followed and excused him.

 chapter lxxviii. how king arthur and sir launcelot came unto their
 pavilions as they sat at supper, and of sir palomides.

 chapter lxxix. how sir tristram and sir palomides did the next day,
 and how king arthur was unhorsed.

 chapter lxxx. how sir tristram turned to king arthur’s side, and how
 palomides would not.

 chapter lxxxi. how sir bleoberis and sir ector reported to queen
 guenever of the beauty of la beale isoud.

 chapter lxxxii. how epinogris complained by a well, and how sir
 palomides came and found him, and of their both sorrowing.

 chapter lxxxiii. how sir palomides brought sir epinogris his lady; and
 how sir palomides and sir safere were assailed.

 chapter lxxxiv. how sir palomides and sir safere conducted sir
 epinogris to his castle, and of other adventures.

 chapter lxxxv. how sir tristram made him ready to rescue sir
 palomides, but sir launcelot rescued him or he came.

 chapter lxxxvi. how sir tristram and launcelot, with palomides, came
 to joyous gard; and of palomides and sir tristram.

 chapter lxxxvii. how there was a day set between sir tristram and sir
 palomides for to fight, and how sir tristram was hurt.

 chapter lxxxviii. how sir palomides kept his day to have foughten, but
 sir tristram might not come; and other things.

 book xi.

 chapter i. how sir launcelot rode on his adventure, and how he holp a
 dolorous lady from her pain, and how that he fought with a dragon.

 chapter ii. how sir launcelot came to pelles, and of the sangreal, and
 of elaine, king pelles’ daughter.

 chapter iii. how sir launcelot was displeased when he knew that he had
 lain by dame elaine, and how she was delivered of galahad.

 chapter iv. how sir bors came to dame elaine and saw galahad, and how
 he was fed with the sangreal.

 chapter v. how sir bors made sir pedivere to yield him, and of
 marvellous adventures that he had, and how he achieved them.

 chapter vi. how sir bors departed; and how sir launcelot was rebuked
 of queen guenever, and of his excuse.

 chapter vii. how dame elaine, galahad’s mother, came in great estate
 unto camelot, and how sir launcelot behaved him there.

 chapter viii. how dame brisen by enchantment brought sir launcelot to
 dame elaine’s bed, and how queen guenever rebuked him.

 chapter ix. how dame elaine was commanded by queen guenever to avoid
 the court, and how sir launcelot became mad.

 chapter x. what sorrow queen guenever made for sir launcelot, and how
 he was sought by knights of his kin.

 chapter xi. how a servant of sir aglovale’s was slain, and what
 vengeance sir aglovale and sir percivale did therefore.

 chapter xii. how sir pervivale departed secretly from his brother, and
 how he loosed a knight bound with a chain, and of other doings.

 chapter xiii. how sir percivale met with sir ector, and how they
 fought long, and each had almost slain other.

 chapter xiv. how by miracle they were both made whole by the coming of
 the holy vessel of sangreal.

 book xii.

 chapter i. how sir launcelot in his madness took a sword and fought
 with a knight, and leapt in a bed.

 chapter ii. how sir lancelot was carried in an horse litter, and how
 sir launcelot rescued sir bliant, his host.

 chapter iii. how sir launcelot fought against a boar and slew him, and
 how he was hurt, and brought unto an hermitage.

 chapter iv. how sir launcelot was known by dame elaine, and was borne
 into a chamber and after healed by the sangreal.

 chapter v. how sir launcelot, after that he was whole and had his
 mind, he was ashamed, and how that elaine desired a castle for him.

 chapter vi. how sir launcelot came into the joyous isle, and there he
 named himself le chevaler mal fet.

 chapter vii. of a great tourneying in the joyous isle, and how sir
 pervivale and sir ector came thither, and sir percivale fought with
 him.

 chapter vili. how each of them knew other, and of their great
 courtesy, and how his brother sir ector came unto him, and of their
 joy.

 chapter ix. how sir bors and sir lionel came to king brandegore, and
 how sir bors took his son helin le blank, and of sir launcelot.

 chapter x. how sir launcelot with sir percivale and sir ector came to
 the court, and of the great joy of him.

 chapter xi. how la beale isoud counselled sir tristram to go unto the
 court, to the great feast of pentecost.

 chapter xii. how sir tristram departed unarmed and met with sir
 palomides, and how they smote each other, and how sir palomides
 forbare him.

 chapter xiii. how that sir tristram gat him harness of a knight which
 was hurt, and how he overthrew sir palomides.

 chapter xiv. how sir tristram and sir palomides fought long together,
 and after accorded, and how sir tristram made him to be christened.

 book xiii.

 chapter i. how at the vigil of the feast of pentecost entered into the
 hall before king arthur a damosel, and desired sir launcelot for to
 come and dub a knight, and how he went with her.

 chapter ii. how the letters were found written in the siege perilous
 and of the marvellous adventure of the sword in a stone.

 chapter iii. how sir gawaine assayed to draw out the sword, and how an
 old man brought in galahad.

 chapter iv. how the old man brought galahad to the siege perilous and
 set him therein, and how all the knights marvelled.

 chapter v. how king arthur shewed the stone hoving on the water to
 galahad, and how he drew out the sword.

 chapter vi. how king arthur had all the knights together for to joust
 in the meadow beside camelot or they departed.

 chapter vii. how the queen desired to see galahad; and how after, all
 the knights were replenished with the holy sangreal, and how they
 avowed the enquest of the same.

 chapter viii. how great sorrow was made of the king and the queen and
 ladies for the departing of the knights, and how they departed.

 chapter ix. how galahad gat him a shield, and how they sped that
 presumed to take down the said shield.

 chapter x. how galahad departed with the shield, and how king evelake
 had received the shield of joseph of aramathie.

 chapter xi. how joseph made a cross on the white shield with his
 blood, and how galahad was by a monk brought to a tomb.

 chapter xii. of the marvel that sir galahad saw and heard in the tomb,
 and how he made melias knight.

 chapter xiii. of the adventure that melias had, and how galahad
 revenged him, and how melias was carried into an abbey.

 chapter xiv. how sir galahad departed, and how he was commanded to go
 to the castle of maidens to destroy the wicked custom.

 chapter xv. how sir galahad fought with the knights of the castle, and
 destroyed the wicked custom.

 chapter xvi. how sir gawaine came to the abbey for to follow galahad,
 and how he was shriven to a hermit.

 chapter xvii. how sir galahad met with sir launcelot and sir
 percivale, and smote them down, and departed from them.

 chapter xviii. how sir launcelot, half sleeping and half waking, saw a
 sick man borne in a litter, and how he was healed with the sangreal.

 chapter xix. how a voice spake to sir launcelot, and how he found his
 horse and his helm borne away, and after went afoot.

 chapter xx. how sir launcelot was shriven, and what sorrow he made and
 of the good ensamples which were shewed him.

 book xiv.

 chapter i. how sir percivale came to a recluse and asked counsel, and
 how she told him that she was his aunt.

 chapter ii. how merlin likened the round table to the world, and how
 the knights that should achieve the sangreal should be known.

 chapter iii. how sir percivale came into a monastery, where he found
 king evelake, which was an old man.

 chapter iv. how sir percivale saw many men of arms bearing a dead
 knight, and how he fought against them.

 chapter v. how a yeoman desired him to get again an horse, and how sir
 percivale’s hackney was slain, and how he gat an horse.

 chapter vi. of the great danger that sir percivale was in by his
 horse, and how he saw a serpent and a lion fight.

 chapter vii. of the vision that sir percivale saw, and how his vision
 was expounded, and of his lion.

 chapter viii. how sir percivale saw a ship coming to him-ward, and how
 the lady of the ship told him of her disheritance.

 chapter ix. how sir percivale promised her help, and how he required
 her of love, and how he was saved from the fiend.

 chapter x. how sir percivale for penance rove himself through the
 thigh; and how she was known for the devil.

 book xv.

 chapter i. how sir launcelot came to a chapel, where he found dead, in
 a white shirt, a man of religion, of an hundred winter old.

 chapter ii. of a dead man, how men would have hewn him, and it would
 not be, and how sir launcelot took the hair of the dead man.

 chapter iii. of an advision that sir launcelot had, and how he told it
 to an hermit, and desired counsel of him.

 chapter iv. how the hermit expounded to sir launcelot his advision,
 and told him that sir galahad was his son.

 chapter v. how sir launcelot jousted with many knights, and how he was
 taken.

 chapter vi. how sir launcelot told his advision to a woman, and how
 she expounded it to him.

 book xvi.

 chapter i. how sir gawaine was nigh weary of the quest of the
 sangreal, and of his marvellous dream.

 chapter ii. of the advision of sir ector, and how he jousted with sir
 uwaine les avoutres, his sworn brother.

 chapter iii. how sir gawaine and sir ector came to an hermitage to be
 confessed, and how they told to the hermit their advisions.

 chapter iv. how the hermit expounded their advision.

 chapter v. of the good counsel that the hermit gave to them.

 chapter vi. how sir bors met with an hermit, and how he was confessed
 to him, and of his penance enjoined to him.

 chapter vii. how sir bors was lodged with a lady, and how he took upon
 him for to fight against a champion for her land.

 chapter viii. of an advision which sir bors had that night, and how he
 fought and overcame his adversary.

 chapter ix. how the lady was returned to her lands by the battle of
 sir bors, and of his departing, and how he met sir lionel taken and
 beaten with thorns, and also of a maid which should have been
 devoured.

 chapter x. how sir bors left to rescue his brother, and rescued the
 damosel; and how it was told him that lionel was dead.

 chapter xi. how sir bors told his dream to a priest, which he had
 dreamed, and of the counsel that the priest gave to him.

 chapter xii. how the devil in a woman’s likeness would have had sir
 bors to have lain by her, and how by god’s grace he escaped.

 chapter xiii. of the holy communication of an abbot to sir bors, and
 how the abbot counselled him.

 chapter xiv. how sir bors met with his brother sir lionel, and how sir
 lionel would have slain sir bors.

 chapter xv. how sir colgrevance fought against sir lionel for to save
 sir bors, and how the hermit was slain.

 chapter xvi. how sir lionel slew sir colgrevance, and how after he
 would have slain sir bors.

 chapter xvii. how there came a voice which charged sir bors to touch
 him not, and of a cloud that came between them.

 book xvii.

 chapter i. how sir galahad fought at a tournament, and how he was
 known of sir gawaine and sir ector de maris.

 chapter ii. how sir galahad rode with a damosel, and came to the ship
 whereas sir bors and sir percivale were in.

 chapter iii. how sir galahad entered into the ship, and of a fair bed
 therein, with other marvellous things, and of a sword.

 chapter iv. of the marvels of the sword and of the scabbard.

 chapter v. how king pelles was smitten through both thighs because he
 drew the sword, and other marvellous histories.

 chapter vi. how solomon took david’s sword by the counsel of his wife,
 and of other matters marvellous.

 chapter vii. a wonderful tale of king solomon and his wife.

 chapter viii. how galahad and his fellows came to a castle, and how
 they were fought withal, and how they slew their adversaries, and
 other matters.

 chapter ix. how the three knights, with percivale’s sister, came unto
 the same forest, and of an hart and four lions, and other things.

 chapter x. how they were desired of a strange custom, the which they
 would not obey; wherefore they fought and slew many knights.

 chapter xi. how sir percivale’s sister bled a dish full of blood for
 to heal a lady, wherefore she died; and how that the body was put in a
 ship.

 chapter xii. how galahad and percivale found in a castle many tombs of
 maidens that had bled to death.

 chapter xiii. how sir launcelot entered into the ship where sir
 percivale’s sister lay dead, and how he met with sir galahad, his son.

 chapter xiv. how a knight brought unto sir galahad a horse, and bade
 him come from his father, sir launcelot.

 chapter xv. how sir launcelot was to-fore the door of the chamber
 wherein the holy sangreal was.

 chapter xvi. how sir launcelot had lain four-and-twenty days and as
 many nights as a dead man, and other divers matters.

 chapter xvii. how sir launcelot returned towards logris, and of other
 adventures which he saw in the way.

 chapter xviii. how galahad came to king mordrains, and of other
 matters and adventures.

 chapter xix. how sir percivale and sir bors met with sir galahad, and
 how they came to the castle of carbonek, and other matters.

 chapter xx how galahad and his fellows were fed of the holy sangreal,
 and how our lord appeared to them, and other things.

 chapter xxi. how galahad anointed with the blood of the spear the
 maimed king, and of other adventures.

 chapter xxii. how they were fed with the sangreal while they were in
 prison, and how galahad was made king.

 chapter xxiii. of the sorrow that percivale and bors made when galahad
 was dead: and of percivale how he died, and other matters.

 book xviii.

 chapter i. of the joy king arthur and the queen had of the achievement
 of the sangreal; and how launcelot fell to his old love again.

 chapter ii. how the queen commanded sir launcelot to avoid the court,
 and of the sorrow that launcelot made.

 chapter iii. how at a dinner that the queen made there was a knight
 enpoisoned, which sir mador laid on the queen.

 chapter iv. how sir mador appeached the queen of treason, and there
 was no knight would fight for her at the first time.

 chapter v. how the queen required sir bors to fight for her, and how
 he granted upon condition; and how he warned sir launcelot thereof.

 chapter vi. how at the day sir bors made him ready for to fight for
 the queen; and when he would fight how another discharged him.

 chapter vii how sir launcelot fought against sir mador for the queen,
 and how he overcame sir mador, and discharged the queen.

 chapter viii. how the truth was known by the maiden of the lake, and
 of divers other matters.

 chapter ix. how sir launcelot rode to astolat, and received a sleeve
 to wear upon his helm at the request of a maid.

 chapter x. how the tourney began at winchester, and what knights were
 at the jousts; and other things.

 chapter xi. how sir launcelot and sir lavaine entered in the field
 against them of king arthur’s court, and how launcelot was hurt.

 chapter xii. how sir launcelot and sir lavaine departed out of the
 field, and in what jeopardy launcelot was.

 chapter xiii. how launcelot was brought to an hermit for to be healed
 of his wound, and of other matters.

 chapter xiv. how sir gawaine was lodged with the lord of astolat, and
 there had knowledge that it was sir launcelot that bare the red
 sleeve.

 chapter xv. of the sorrow that sir bors had for the hurt of launcelot;
 and of the anger that the queen had because launcelot bare the sleeve.

 chapter xvi. how sir bors sought launcelot and found him in the
 hermitage, and of the lamentation between them.

 chapter xvii. how sir launcelot armed him to assay if he might bear
 arms, and how his wounds brast out again.

 chapter xviii. how sir bors returned and told tidings of sir
 launcelot; and of the tourney, and to whom the prize was given.

 chapter xix. of the great lamentation of the fair maid of astolat when
 launcelot should depart, and how she died for his love.

 chapter xx. how the corpse of the maid of astolat arrived to-fore king
 arthur, and of the burying, and how sir launcelot offered the
 mass-penny.

 chapter xxi. of great jousts done all a christmas, and of a great
 jousts and tourney ordained by king arthur, and of sir launcelot.

 chapter xxii. how launcelot after that he was hurt of a gentlewoman
 came to an hermit, and of other matters.

 chapter xxiii. how sir launcelot behaved him at the jousts, and other
 men also.

 chapter xxiv. how king arthur marvelled much of the jousting in the
 field, and how he rode and found sir launcelot.

 chapter xxv. how true love is likened to summer.

 book xix.

 chapter i. how queen guenever rode a-maying with certain knights of
 the round table and clad all in green.

 chapter ii. how sir meliagrance took the queen and her knights, which
 were sore hurt in fighting.

 chapter iii. how sir launcelot had word how the queen was taken, and
 how sir meliagrance laid a bushment for launcelot.

 chapter iv. how sir launcelot’s horse was slain, and how sir launcelot
 rode in a cart for to rescue the queen.

 chapter v. how sir meliagrance required forgiveness of the queen, and
 how she appeased sir launcelot; and other matters.

 chapter vi. how sir launcelot came in the night to the queen and lay
 with her, and how sir meliagrance appeached the queen of treason.

 chapter vii. how sir launcelot answered for the queen, and waged
 battle against sir meliagrance; and how sir launcelot was taken in a
 trap.

 chapter viii. how sir launcelot was delivered out of prison by a lady,
 and took a white courser and came for to keep his day.

 chapter ix. how sir launcelot came the same time that sir meliagrance
 abode him in the field and dressed him to battle.

 chapter x. how sir urre came into arthur’s court for to be healed of
 his wounds, and how king arthur would begin to handle him.

 chapter xi. how king arthur handled sir urre, and after him many other
 knights of the round table.

 chapter xii. how sir launcelot was commanded by arthur to handle his
 wounds, and anon he was all whole, and how they thanked god.

 chapter xiii. how there was a party made of an hundred knights against
 an hundred knights, and of other matters

 book xx.

 chapter i. how sir agravaine and sir mordred were busy upon sir
 gawaine for to disclose the love between sir launcelot and queen
 guenever.

 chapter ii. how sir agravaine disclosed their love to king arthur, and
 how king arthur gave them licence to take him.

 chapter iii. how sir launcelot was espied in the queen’s chamber, and
 how sir agravaine and sir mordred came with twelve knights to slay
 him.

 chapter iv. how sir launcelot slew sir colgrevance, and armed him in
 his harness, and after slew sir agravaine, and twelve of his fellows.

 chapter v. how sir launcelot came to sir bors, and told him how he had
 sped, and in what adventure he had been, and how he had escaped.

 chapter vi. of the counsel and advice that was taken by sir launcelot
 and his friends for to save the queen.

 chapter vii. how sir mordred rode hastily to the king, to tell him of
 the affray and death of sir agravaine and the other knights.

 chapter viii. how sir launcelot and his kinsmen rescued the queen from
 the fire, and how he slew many knights.

 chapter ix. of the sorrow and lamentation of king arthur for the death
 of his nephews and other good knights, and also for the queen, his
 wife.

 chapter x. how king arthur at the request of sir gawaine concluded to
 make war against sir launcelot, and laid siege to his castle called
 joyous gard.

 chapter xi. of the communication between king arthur and sir
 launcelot, and how king arthur reproved him.

 chapter xii. how the cousins and kinsmen of sir launcelot excited him
 to go out to battle, and how they made them ready.

 chapter xiii. how sir gawaine jousted and smote down sir lionel, and
 how sir launcelot horsed king arthur.

 chapter xiv. how the pope sent down his bulls to make peace, and how
 sir launcelot brought the queen to king arthur.

 chapter xv. of the deliverance of the queen to the king by sir
 launcelot, and what language sir gawaine had to sir launcelot.

 chapter xvi. of the communication between sir gawaine and sir
 launcelot, with much other language.

 chapter xvii. how sir launcelot departed from the king and from joyous
 gard over seaward, and what knights went with him.

 chapter xviii. how sir launcelot passed over the sea, and how he made
 great lords of the knights that went with him.

 chapter xix. how king arthur and sir gawaine made a great host ready
 to go over sea to make war on sir launcelot.

 chapter xx. what message sir gawaine sent to sir launcelot; and how
 king arthur laid siege to benwick, and other matters.

 chapter xxi. how sir launcelot and sir gawaine did battle together,
 and how sir gawaine was overthrown and hurt.

 chapter xxii. of the sorrow that king arthur made for the war, and of
 another battle where also sir gawaine had the worse

 book xxi.

 chapter i. how sir mordred presumed and took on him to be king of
 england, and would have married the queen, his father’s wife.

 chapter ii. how after that king arthur had tidings, he returned and
 came to dover, where sir mordred met him to let his landing; and of
 the death of sir gawaine.

 chapter iii. how after, sir gawaine’s ghost appeared to king arthur,
 and warned him that he should not fight that day.

 chapter iv. how by misadventure of an adder the battle began, where
 mordred was slain, and arthur hurt to the death.

 chapter v. how king arthur commanded to cast his sword excalibur into
 the water, and how he was delivered to ladies in a barge.

 chapter vi. how sir bedivere found him on the morrow dead in an
 hermitage, and how he abode there with the hermit.

 chapter vii. of the opinion of some men of the death of king arthur;
 and how queen guenever made her a nun in almesbury.

 chapter viii. how when sir lancelot heard of the death of king arthur,
 and of sir gawaine, and other matters, he came into england.

 chapter ix. how sir launcelot departed to seek the queen guenever, and
 how he found her at almesbury.

 chapter x. how sir launcelot came to the hermitage where the
 archbishop of canterbury was, and how he took the habit on him.

 chapter xi. how sir launcelot went with his seven fellows to
 almesbury, and found there queen guenever dead, whom they brought to
 glastonbury.

 chapter xii. how sir launcelot began to sicken, and after died, whose
 body was borne to joyous gard for to be buried.

 chapter xiii. how sir ector found sir launcelot his brother dead, and
 how constantine reigned next after arthur; and of the end of this
 book. glossary




book x.




chapter i. how sir tristram jousted, and smote down king arthur,
because he told him not the cause why he bare that shield.


and if so be ye can descrive what ye bear, ye are worthy to bear the
arms. as for that, said sir tristram, i will answer you; this shield
was given me, not desired, of queen morgan le fay; and as for me, i can
not descrive these arms, for it is no point of my charge, and yet i
trust to god to bear them with worship. truly, said king arthur, ye
ought not to bear none arms but if ye wist what ye bear: but i pray you
tell me your name. to what intent? said sir tristram. for i would wit,
said arthur. sir, ye shall not wit as at this time. then shall ye and i
do battle together, said king arthur. why, said sir tristram, will ye
do battle with me but if i tell you my name? and that little needeth
you an ye were a man of worship, for ye have seen me this day have had
great travail, and therefore ye are a villainous knight to ask battle
of me, considering my great travail; howbeit i will not fail you, and
have ye no doubt that i fear not you; though you think you have me at a
great advantage yet shall i right well endure you. and there withal
king arthur dressed his shield and his spear, and sir tristram against
him, and they came so eagerly together. and there king arthur brake his
spear all to pieces upon sir tristram’s shield. but sir tristram hit
arthur again, that horse and man fell to the earth. and there was king
arthur wounded on the left side, a great wound and a perilous.

then when sir uwaine saw his lord arthur lie on the ground sore
wounded, he was passing heavy. and then he dressed his shield and his
spear, and cried aloud unto sir tristram and said: knight, defend thee.
so they came together as thunder, and sir uwaine brised his spear all
to pieces upon sir tristram’s shield, and sir tristram smote him harder
and sorer, with such a might that he bare him clean out of his saddle
to the earth. with that sir tristram turned about and said: fair
knights, i had no need to joust with you, for i have had enough to do
this day. then arose arthur and went to sir uwaine, and said to sir
tristram: we have as we have deserved, for through our orgulyté we
demanded battle of you, and yet we knew not your name. nevertheless, by
saint cross, said sir uwaine, he is a strong knight at mine advice as
any is now living.

then sir tristram departed, and in every place he asked and demanded
after sir launcelot, but in no place he could not hear of him whether
he were dead or alive; wherefore sir tristram made great dole and
sorrow. so sir tristram rode by a forest, and then was he ware of a
fair tower by a marsh on that one side, and on that other side a fair
meadow. and there he saw ten knights fighting together. and ever the
nearer he came he saw how there was but one knight did battle against
nine knights, and that one did so marvellously that sir tristram had
great wonder that ever one knight might do so great deeds of arms. and
then within a little while he had slain half their horses and unhorsed
them, and their horses ran in the fields and forest. then sir tristram
had so great pity of that one knight that endured so great pain, and
ever he thought it should be sir palomides, by his shield. and so he
rode unto the knights and cried unto them, and bade them cease of their
battle, for they did themselves great shame so many knights to fight
with one. then answered the master of those knights, his name was
called breuse saunce pité, that was at that time the most mischievoust
knight living, and said thus: sir knight, what have ye ado with us to
meddle? and therefore, an ye be wise, depart on your way as ye came,
for this knight shall not escape us. that were pity, said sir tristram,
that so good a knight as he is should be slain so cowardly; and
therefore i warn you i will succour him with all my puissance.




chapter ii. how sir tristram saved sir palomides’ life, and how they
promised to fight together within a fortnight.


so sir tristram alighted off his horse because they were on foot, that
they should not slay his horse, and then dressed his shield, with his
sword in his hand, and he smote on the right hand and on the left hand
passing sore, that well-nigh at every stroke he struck down a knight.
and when they espied his strokes they fled all with breuse saunce pité
unto the tower, and sir tristram followed fast after with his sword in
his hand, but they escaped into the tower, and shut sir tristram
without the gate. and when sir tristram saw this he returned aback unto
sir palomides, and found him sitting under a tree sore wounded. ah,
fair knight, said sir tristram, well be ye found. gramercy, said sir
palomides, of your great goodness, for ye have rescued me of my life,
and saved me from my death. what is your name? said sir tristram. he
said: my name is sir palomides. o jesu, said sir tristram, thou hast a
fair grace of me this day that i should rescue thee, and thou art the
man in the world that i most hate; but now make thee ready, for i will
do battle with thee. what is your name? said sir palomides. my name is
sir tristram, your mortal enemy. it may be so, said sir palomides; but
ye have done over much for me this day that i should fight with you;
for inasmuch as ye have saved my life it will be no worship for you to
have ado with me, for ye are fresh and i am wounded sore, and
therefore, an ye will needs have ado with me, assign me a day and then
i shall meet with you without fail. ye say well, said sir tristram, now
i assign you to meet me in the meadow by the river of camelot, where
merlin set the peron. so they were agreed.

then sir tristram asked sir palomides why the ten knights did battle
with him. for this cause, said sir palomides; as i rode upon mine
adventures in a forest here beside i espied where lay a dead knight,
and a lady weeping beside him. and when i saw her making such dole, i
asked her who slew her lord. sir, she said, the falsest knight of the
world now living, and he is the most villain that ever man heard speak
of and his name is sir breuse saunce pité. then for pity i made the
damosel to leap on her palfrey, and i promised her to be her warrant,
and to help her to inter her lord. and so, suddenly, as i came riding
by this tower, there came out sir breuse saunce pité, and suddenly he
struck me from my horse. and then or i might recover my horse this sir
breuse slew the damosel. and so i took my horse again, and i was sore
ashamed, and so began the medley betwixt us: and this is the cause
wherefore we did this battle. well, said sir tristram, now i understand
the manner of your battle, but in any wise have remembrance of your
promise that ye have made with me to do battle with me this day
fortnight. i shall not fail you, said sir palomides. well, said sir
tristram, as at this time i will not fail you till that ye be out of
the danger of your enemies.

so they mounted upon their horses, and rode together unto that forest,
and there they found a fair well, with clear water bubbling. fair sir,
said sir tristram, to drink of that water have i courage; and then they
alighted off their horses. and then were they ware by them where stood
a great horse tied to a tree, and ever he neighed. and then were they
ware of a fair knight armed, under a tree, lacking no piece of harness,
save his helm lay under his head. by the good lord, said sir tristram,
yonder lieth a well-faring knight; what is best to do? awake him, said
sir palomides. so sir tristram awaked him with the butt of his spear.
and so the knight rose up hastily and put his helm upon his head, and
gat a great spear in his hand; and without any more words he hurled
unto sir tristram, and smote him clean from his saddle to the earth,
and hurt him on the left side, that sir tristram lay in great peril.
then he walloped farther, and fetched his course, and came hurling upon
sir palomides, and there he struck him a part through the body, that he
fell from his horse to the earth. and then this strange knight left
them there, and took his way through the forest. with this sir
palomides and sir tristram were on foot, and gat their horses again,
and either asked counsel of other, what was best to do. by my head,
said sir tristram, i will follow this strong knight that thus hath
shamed us. well, said sir palomides, and i will repose me hereby with a
friend of mine. beware, said sir tristram unto palomides, that ye fail
not that day that ye have set with me to do battle, for, as i deem, ye
will not hold your day, for i am much bigger than ye. as for that, said
sir palomides, be it as it be may, for i fear you not, for an i be not
sick nor prisoner, i will not fail you; but i have cause to have more
doubt of you that ye will not meet with me, for ye ride after yonder
strong knight. and if ye meet with him it is an hard adventure an ever
ye escape his hands. right so sir tristram and sir palomides departed,
and either took their ways diverse.




chapter iii. how sir tristram sought a strong knight that had smitten
him down, and many other knights of the round table.


and so sir tristram rode long after this strong knight. and at the last
he saw where lay a lady overthwart a dead knight. fair lady, said sir
tristram, who hath slain your lord? sir, she said, here came a knight
riding, as my lord and i rested us here, and asked him of whence he
was, and my lord said of arthur’s court. therefore, said the strong
knight, i will joust with thee, for i hate all these that be of
arthur’s court. and my lord that lieth here dead amounted upon his
horse, and the strong knight and my lord encountered together, and
there he smote my lord throughout with his spear, and thus he hath
brought me in great woe and damage. that me repenteth, said sir
tristram, of your great anger; an it please you tell me your husband’s
name. sir, said she, his name was galardoun, that would have proved a
good knight. so departed sir tristram from that dolorous lady, and had
much evil lodging. then on the third day sir tristram met with sir
gawaine and with sir bleoberis in a forest at a lodge, and either were
sore wounded. then sir tristram asked sir gawaine and sir bleoberis if
they met with such a knight, with such a cognisance, with a covered
shield. fair sir, said these knights, such a knight met with us to our
great damage. and first he smote down my fellow, sir bleoberis, and
sore wounded him because he bade me i should not have ado with him, for
why he was overstrong for me. that strong knight took his words at
scorn, and said he said it for mockery. and then they rode together,
and so he hurt my fellow. and when he had done so i might not for shame
but i must joust with him. and at the first course he smote me down and
my horse to the earth. and there he had almost slain me, and from us he
took his horse and departed, and in an evil time we met with him. fair
knights, said sir tristram, so he met with me, and with another knight
that hight palomides, and he smote us both down with one spear, and
hurt us right sore. by my faith, said sir gawaine, by my counsel ye
shall let him pass and seek him no further; for at the next feast of
the round table, upon pain of my head ye shall find him there. by my
faith, said sir tristram, i shall never rest till that i find him. and
then sir gawaine asked him his name. then he said: my name is sir
tristram. and so either told other their names, and then departed sir
tristram and rode his way.

and by fortune in a meadow sir tristram met with sir kay, the
seneschal, and sir dinadan. what tidings with you, said sir tristram,
with you knights? not good, said these knights. why so? said sir
tristram; i pray you tell me, for i ride to seek a knight. what
cognisance beareth he? said sir kay. he beareth, said sir tristram, a
covered shield close with cloth. by my head, said sir kay, that is the
same knight that met with us, for this night we were lodged within a
widow’s house, and there was that knight lodged; and when he wist we
were of arthur’s court he spoke great villainy by the king, and
specially by the queen guenever, and then on the morn was waged battle
with him for that cause. and at the first recounter, said sir kay, he
smote me down from my horse and hurt me passing sore; and when my
fellow, sir dinadan, saw me smitten down and hurt he would not revenge
me, but fled from me; and thus he departed. and then sir tristram asked
them their names, and so either told other their names. and so sir
tristram departed from sir kay, and from sir dinadan, and so he passed
through a great forest into a plain, till he was ware of a priory, and
there he reposed him with a good man six days.




chapter iv. how sir tristram smote down sir sagramore le desirous and
sir dodinas le savage.


and then he sent his man that hight gouvernail, and commanded him to go
to a city thereby to fetch him new harness; for it was long time afore
that that sir tristram had been refreshed, his harness was brised and
broken. and when gouvernail, his servant, was come with his apparel, he
took his leave at the widow, and mounted upon his horse, and rode his
way early on the morn. and by sudden adventure sir tristram met with
sir sagramore le desirous, and with sir dodinas le savage. and these
two knights met with sir tristram and questioned with him, and asked
him if he would joust with them. fair knights, said sir tristram, with
a good will i would joust with you, but i have promised at a day set,
near hand, to do battle with a strong knight; and therefore i am loath
to have ado with you, for an it misfortuned me here to be hurt i should
not be able to do my battle which i promised. as for that, said
sagramore, maugre your head, ye shall joust with us or ye pass from us.
well, said sir tristram, if ye enforce me thereto i must do what i may.
and then they dressed their shields, and came running together with
great ire. but through sir tristram’s great force he struck sir
sagramore from his horse. then he hurled his horse farther, and said to
sir dodinas: knight, make thee ready; and so through fine force sir
tristram struck dodinas from his horse. and when he saw them lie on the
earth he took his bridle, and rode forth on his way, and his man
gouvernail with him.

anon as sir tristram was passed, sir sagramore and sir dodinas gat
again their horses, and mounted up lightly and followed after sir
tristram. and when sir tristram saw them come so fast after him he
returned with his horse to them, and asked them what they would. it is
not long ago sithen i smote you to the earth at your own request and
desire: i would have ridden by you, but ye would not suffer me, and now
meseemeth ye would do more battle with me. that is truth, said sir
sagramore and sir dodinas, for we will be revenged of the despite ye
have done to us. fair knights, said sir tristram, that shall little
need you, for all that i did to you ye caused it; wherefore i require
you of your knighthood leave me as at this time, for i am sure an i do
battle with you i shall not escape without great hurts, and as i
suppose ye shall not escape all lotless. and this is the cause why i am
so loath to have ado with you; for i must fight within these three days
with a good knight, and as valiant as any is now living, and if i be
hurt i shall not be able to do battle with him. what knight is that,
said sir sagramore, that ye shall fight withal? sirs, said he, it is a
good knight called sir palomides. by my head, said sir sagramore and
sir dodinas, ye have cause to dread him, for ye shall find him a
passing good knight, and a valiant. and because ye shall have ado with
him we will forbear you as at this time, and else ye should not escape
us lightly. but, fair knight, said sir sagramore, tell us your name.
sir, said he, my name is sir tristram de liones. ah, said sagramore and
sir dodinas, well be ye found, for much worship have we heard of you.
and then either took leave of other, and departed on their way.




chapter v. how sir tristram met at the peron with sir launcelot, and
how they fought together unknown.


then departed sir tristram and rode straight unto camelot, to the peron
that merlin had made to-fore, where sir lanceor, that was the king’s
son of ireland, was slain by the hands of balin. and in that same place
was the fair lady colombe slain, that was love unto sir lanceor; for
after he was dead she took his sword and thrust it through her body.
and by the craft of merlin he made to inter this knight, lanceor, and
his lady, colombe, under one stone. and at that time merlin prophesied
that in that same place should fight two the best knights that ever
were in arthur’s days, and the best lovers. so when sir tristram came
to the tomb where lanceor and his lady were buried he looked about him
after sir palomides. then was he ware of a seemly knight came riding
against him all in white, with a covered shield. when he came nigh sir
tristram he said on high: ye be welcome, sir knight, and well and truly
have ye holden your promise. and then they dressed their shields and
spears, and came together with all their might of their horses; and
they met so fiercely that both their horses and knights fell to the
earth, and as fast as they might avoided their horses, and put their
shields afore them; and they struck together with bright swords, as men
that were of might, and either wounded other wonderly sore, that the
blood ran out upon the grass. and thus they fought the space of four
hours, that never one would speak to other one word, and of their
harness they had hewn off many pieces. o lord jesu, said gouvernail, i
marvel greatly of the strokes my master hath given to your master. by
my head, said sir launcelot’s servant, your master hath not given so
many but your master has received as many or more. o jesu, said
gouvernail, it is too much for sir palomides to suffer or sir
launcelot, and yet pity it were that either of these good knights
should destroy other’s blood. so they stood and wept both, and made
great dole when they saw the bright swords over-covered with blood of
their bodies.

then at the last spake sir launcelot and said: knight, thou fightest
wonderly well as ever i saw knight, therefore, an it please you, tell
me your name. sir, said sir tristram, that is me loath to tell any man
my name. truly, said sir launcelot, an i were required i was never
loath to tell my name. it is well said, said sir tristram, then i
require you to tell me your name? fair knight, he said, my name is sir
launcelot du lake. alas, said sir tristram, what have i done! for ye
are the man in the world that i love best. fair knight, said sir
launcelot, tell me your name? truly, said he, my name is sir tristram
de liones. o jesu, said sir launcelot, what adventure is befallen me!
and therewith sir launcelot kneeled down and yielded him up his sword.
and therewith sir tristram kneeled adown, and yielded him up his sword.
and so either gave other the degree. and then they both forthwithal
went to the stone, and set them down upon it, and took off their helms
to cool them, and either kissed other an hundred times. and then anon
after they took off their helms and rode to camelot. and there they met
with sir gawaine and with sir gaheris that had made promise to arthur
never to come again to the court till they had brought sir tristram
with them.




chapter vi. how sir launcelot brought sir tristram to the court, and of
the great joy that the king and other made for the coming of sir
tristram.


return again, said sir launcelot, for your quest is done, for i have
met with sir tristram: lo, here is his own person! then was sir gawaine
glad, and said to sir tristram: ye are welcome, for now have ye eased
me greatly of my labour. for what cause, said sir gawaine, came ye into
this court? fair sir, said sir tristram, i came into this country
because of sir palomides; for he and i had assigned at this day to have
done battle together at the peron, and i marvel i hear not of him. and
thus by adventure my lord, sir launcelot, and i met together. with this
came king arthur, and when he wist that there was sir tristram, then he
ran unto him and took him by the hand and said: sir tristram, ye are as
welcome as any knight that ever came to this court. and when the king
had heard how sir launcelot and he had foughten, and either had wounded
other wonderly sore, then the king made great dole. then sir tristram
told the king how he came thither for to have had ado with sir
palomides. and then he told the king how he had rescued him from the
nine knights and breuse saunce pité; and how he found a knight lying by
a well, and that knight smote down sir palomides and me, but his shield
was covered with a cloth. so sir palomides left me, and i followed
after that knight; and in many places i found where he had slain
knights, and forjousted many. by my head, said sir gawaine, that same
knight smote me down and sir bleoberis, and hurt us sore both, he with
the covered shield. ah, said sir kay, that knight smote me adown and
hurt me passing sore, and fain would i have known him, but i might not.
jesu, mercy, said arthur, what knight was that with the covered shield?
i know not, said sir tristram; and so said they all. now, said king
arthur, then wot i, for it is sir launcelot. then they all looked upon
sir launcelot and said: ye have beguiled us with your covered shield.
it is not the first time, said arthur, he hath done so. my lord, said
sir launcelot, truly wit ye well i was the same knight that bare the
covered shield; and because i would not be known that i was of your
court i said no worship of your house. that is truth, said sir gawaine,
sir kay, and sir bleoberis.

then king arthur took sir tristram by the hand and went to the table
round. then came queen guenever and many ladies with her, and all the
ladies said at one voice: welcome, sir tristram! welcome, said the
damosels. welcome, said knights. welcome, said arthur, for one of the
best knights, and the gentlest of the world, and the man of most
worship; for of all manner of hunting thou bearest the prize, and of
all measures of blowing thou art the beginning, and of all the terms of
hunting and hawking ye are the beginner, of all instruments of music ye
are the best; therefore, gentle knight, said arthur, ye are welcome to
this court. and also, i pray you, said arthur, grant me a boon. it
shall be at your commandment, said tristram. well, said arthur, i will
desire of you that ye will abide in my court. sir, said sir tristram,
thereto is me loath, for i have ado in many countries. not so, said
arthur, ye have promised it me, ye may not say nay. sir, said sir
tristram, i will as ye will. then went arthur unto the sieges about the
round table, and looked in every siege the which were void that lacked
knights. and then the king saw in the siege of marhaus letters that
said: this is the siege of the noble knight, sir tristram. and then
arthur made sir tristram knight of the table round, with great nobley
and great feast as might be thought. for sir marhaus was slain afore by
the hands of sir tristram in an island; and that was well known at that
time in the court of arthur, for this marhaus was a worthy knight. and
for evil deeds that he did unto the country of cornwall sir tristram
and he fought. and they fought so long, tracing and traversing, till
they fell bleeding to the earth; for they were so sore wounded that
they might not stand for bleeding. and sir tristram by fortune
recovered, and sir marhaus died through the stroke on the head. so
leave we of sir tristram and speak we of king mark.




chapter vii. how for the despite of sir tristram king mark came with
two knights into england, and how he slew one of the knights.


then king mark had great despite of the renown of sir tristram, and
then he chased him out of cornwall: yet was he nephew unto king mark,
but he had great suspicion unto sir tristram because of his queen, la
beale isoud; for him seemed that there was too much love between them
both. so when sir tristram departed out of cornwall into england king
mark heard of the great prowess that sir tristram did there, the which
grieved him sore. so he sent on his part men to espy what deeds he did.
and the queen sent privily on her part spies to know what deeds he had
done, for great love was between them twain. so when the messengers
were come home they told the truth as they had heard, that he passed
all other knights but if it were sir launcelot. then king mark was
right heavy of these tidings, and as glad was la beale isoud. then in
great despite he took with him two good knights and two squires, and
disguised himself, and took his way into england, to the intent for to
slay sir tristram. and one of these two knights hight bersules, and the
other knight was called amant. so as they rode king mark asked a knight
that he met, where he should find king arthur. he said: at camelot.
also he asked that knight after sir tristram, whether he heard of him
in the court of king arthur. wit you well, said that knight, ye shall
find sir tristram there for a man of as great worship as is now living;
for through his prowess he won the tournament of the castle of maidens
that standeth by the hard rock. and sithen he hath won with his own
hands thirty knights that were men of great honour. and the last battle
that ever he did he fought with sir launcelot; and that was a
marvellous battle. and not by force sir launcelot brought sir tristram
to the court, and of him king arthur made passing great joy, and so
made him knight of the table round; and his seat was where the good
knight’s, sir marhaus, seat was. then was king mark passing sorry when
he heard of the honour of sir tristram; and so they departed.

then said king mark unto his two knights: now will i tell you my
counsel: ye are the men that i trust most to alive, and i will that ye
wit my coming hither is to this intent, for to destroy sir tristram by
wiles or by treason; and it shall be hard if ever he escape our hands.
alas, said sir bersules, what mean you? for ye be set in such a way ye
are disposed shamefully; for sir tristram is the knight of most worship
that we know living, and therefore i warn you plainly i will never
consent to do him to the death; and therefore i will yield my service,
and forsake you. when king mark heard him say so, suddenly he drew his
sword and said: ah, traitor; and smote sir bersules on the head, that
the sword went to his teeth. when amant, the knight, saw him do that
villainous deed, and his squires, they said it was foul done, and
mischievously: wherefore we will do thee no more service, and wit ye
well, we will appeach thee of treason afore arthur. then was king mark
wonderly wroth and would have slain amant; but he and the two squires
held them together, and set nought by his malice. when king mark saw he
might not be revenged on them, he said thus unto the knight, amant: wit
thou well, an thou appeach me of treason i shall thereof defend me
afore king arthur; but i require thee that thou tell not my name, that
i am king mark, whatsomever come of me. as for that, said sir amant, i
will not discover your name; and so they departed, and amant and his
fellows took the body of bersules and buried it.




chapter viii. how king mark came to a fountain where he found sir
lamorak complaining for the love of king lot’s wife.


then king mark rode till he came to a fountain, and there he rested
him, and stood in a doubt whether he would ride to arthur’s court or
none, or return again to his country. and as he thus rested him by that
fountain there came by him a knight well armed on horseback; and he
alighted, and tied his horse until a tree, and set him down by the
brink of the fountain; and there he made great languor and dole, and
made the dolefullest complaint of love that ever man heard; and all
this while was he not ware of king mark. and this was a great part of
his complaint: he cried and wept, saying: o fair queen of orkney, king
lot’s wife, and mother of sir gawaine, and to sir gaheris, and mother
to many other, for thy love i am in great pains. then king mark arose
and went near him and said: fair knight, ye have made a piteous
complaint. truly, said the knight, it is an hundred part more ruefuller
than my heart can utter. i require you, said king mark, tell me your
name. sir, said he, as for my name i will not hide it from no knight
that beareth a shield, and my name is sir lamorak de galis. but when
sir lamorak heard king mark speak, then wist he well by his speech that
he was a cornish knight. sir, said sir lamorak, i understand by your
tongue ye be of cornwall, wherein there dwelleth the shamefullest king
that is now living, for he is a great enemy to all good knights; and
that proveth well, for he hath chased out of that country sir tristram,
that is the worshipfullest knight that now is living, and all knights
speak of him worship; and for jealousness of his queen he hath chased
him out of his country. it is pity, said sir lamorak, that ever any
such false knight-coward as king mark is, should be matched with such a
fair lady and good as la beale isoud is, for all the world of him
speaketh shame, and of her worship that any queen may have. i have not
ado in this matter, said king mark, neither nought will i speak
thereof. well said, said sir lamorak. sir, can ye tell me any tidings?
i can tell you, said sir lamorak, that there shall be a great
tournament in haste beside camelot, at the castle of jagent; and the
king with the hundred knights and the king of ireland, as i suppose,
make that tournament.

then there came a knight that was called sir dinadan, and saluted them
both. and when he wist that king mark was a knight of cornwall he
reproved him for the love of king mark a thousand fold more than did
sir lamorak. then he proffered to joust with king mark. and he was full
loath thereto, but sir dinadan edged him so, that he jousted with sir
lamorak. and sir lamorak smote king mark so sore that he bare him on
his spear end over his horse’s tail. and then king mark arose again,
and followed after sir lamorak. but sir dinadan would not joust with
sir lamorak, but he told king mark that sir lamorak was sir kay, the
seneschal. that is not so, said king mark, for he is much bigger than
sir kay; and so he followed and overtook him, and bade him abide. what
will you do? said sir lamorak. sir, he said, i will fight with a sword,
for ye have shamed me with a spear; and therewith they dashed together
with swords, and sir lamorak suffered him and forbare him. and king
mark was passing hasty, and smote thick strokes. sir lamorak saw he
would not stint, and waxed somewhat wroth, and doubled his strokes, for
he was one of the noblest knights of the world; and he beat him so on
the helm that his head hung nigh on the saddle bow. when sir lamorak
saw him fare so, he said: sir knight, what cheer? meseemeth you have
nigh your fill of fighting, it were pity to do you any more harm, for
ye are but a mean knight, therefore i give you leave to go where ye
list. gramercy, said king mark, for ye and i be not matches.

then sir dinadan mocked king mark and said: ye are not able to match a
good knight. as for that, said king mark, at the first time i jousted
with this knight ye refused him. think ye that it is a shame to me?
said sir dinadan: nay, sir, it is ever worship to a knight to refuse
that thing that he may not attain, there fore your worship had been
much more to have refused him as i did; for i warn you plainly he is
able to beat such five as ye and i be; for ye knights of cornwall are
no men of worship as other knights are. and because ye are no men of
worship ye hate all men of worship, for never was bred in your country
such a knight as is sir tristram.




chapter ix. how king mark, sir lamorak, and sir dinadan came to a
castle, and how king mark was known there.


then they rode forth all together, king mark, sir lamorak, and sir
dinadan, till that they came to a bridge, and at the end thereof stood
a fair tower. then saw they a knight on horseback well armed,
brandishing a spear, crying and proffering himself to joust. now, said
sir dinadan unto king mark, yonder are two brethren, that one hight
alein, and the other hight trian, that will joust with any that passeth
this passage. now proffer yourself, said dinadan to king mark, for ever
ye be laid to the earth. then king mark was ashamed, and therewith he
feutred his spear, and hurtled to sir trian, and either brake their
spears all to pieces, and passed through anon. then sir trian sent king
mark another spear to joust more; but in no wise he would not joust no
more. then they came to the castle all three knights, and prayed the
lord of the castle of harbour. ye are right welcome, said the knights
of the castle, for the love of the lord of this castle, the which hight
sir tor le fise aries. and then they came into a fair court well
repaired, and they had passing good cheer, till the lieutenant of this
castle, that hight berluse, espied king mark of cornwall. then said
berluse: sir knight, i know you better than you ween, for ye are king
mark that slew my father afore mine own eyen; and me had ye slain had i
not escaped into a wood; but wit ye well, for the love of my lord of
this castle i will neither hurt you nor harm you, nor none of your
fellowship. but wit ye well, when ye are past this lodging i shall hurt
you an i may, for ye slew my father traitorly. but first for the love
of my lord, sir tor, and for the love of sir lamorak, the honourable
knight that here is lodged, ye shall have none ill lodging; for it is
pity that ever ye should be in the company of good knights; for ye are
the most villainous knight or king that is now known alive, for ye are
a destroyer of good knights, and all that ye do is but treason.




chapter x. how sir berluse met with king mark, and how sir dinadan took
his part.


then was king mark sore ashamed, and said but little again. but when
sir lamorak and sir dinadan wist that he was king mark they were sorry
of his fellowship. so after supper they went to lodging. so on the morn
they arose early, and king mark and sir dinadan rode together; and
three mile from their lodging there met with them three knights, and
sir berluse was one, and that other his two cousins. sir berluse saw
king mark, and then he cried on high: traitor, keep thee from me for
wit thou well that i am berluse. sir knight, said sir dinadan, i
counsel you to leave off at this time, for he is riding to king arthur;
and because i have promised to conduct him to my lord king arthur needs
must i take a part with him; howbeit i love not his condition, and fain
i would be from him. well, dinadan, said sir berluse, me repenteth that
ye will take part with him, but now do your best. and then he hurtled
to king mark, and smote him sore upon the shield, that he bare him
clean out of his saddle to the earth. that saw sir dinadan, and he
feutred his spear, and ran to one of berluse’s fellows, and smote him
down off his saddle. then dinadan turned his horse, and smote the third
knight in the same wise to the earth, for sir dinadan was a good knight
on horseback; and there began a great battle, for berluse and his
fellows held them together strongly on foot. and so through the great
force of sir dinadan king mark had berluse to the earth, and his two
fellows fled; and had not been sir dinadan king mark would have slain
him. and so sir dinadan rescued him of his life, for king mark was but
a murderer. and then they took their horses and departed and left sir
berluse there sore wounded.

then king mark and sir dinadan rode forth a four leagues english, till
that they came to a bridge where hoved a knight on horseback, armed and
ready to joust. lo, said sir dinadan unto king mark, yonder hoveth a
knight that will joust, for there shall none pass this bridge but he
must joust with that knight. it is well, said king mark, for this
jousts falleth with thee. sir dinadan knew the knight well that he was
a noble knight, and fain he would have jousted, but he had had liefer
king mark had jousted with him, but by no mean king mark would not
joust. then sir dinadan might not refuse him in no manner. and then
either dressed their spears and their shields, and smote together, so
that through fine force sir dinadan was smitten to the earth; and
lightly he rose up and gat his horse, and required that knight to do
battle with swords. and he answered and said: fair knight, as at this
time i may not have ado with you no more, for the custom of this
passage is such. then was sir dinadan passing wroth that he might not
be revenged of that knight; and so he departed, and in no wise would
that knight tell his name. but ever sir dinadan thought he should know
him by his shield that it should be sir tor.




chapter xi. how king mark mocked sir dinadan, and how they met with six
knights of the round table.


so as they rode by the way king mark then began to mock sir dinadan,
and said: i weened you knights of the table round might not in no wise
find their matches. ye say well, said sir dinadan; as for you, on my
life i call you none of the best knights; but sith ye have such a
despite at me i require you to joust with me to prove my strength. not
so, said king mark, for i will not have ado with you in no manner; but
i require you of one thing, that when ye come to arthur’s court
discover not my name, for i am there so hated. it is shame to you, said
sir dinadan, that ye govern you so shamefully; for i see by you ye are
full of cowardice, and ye are a murderer, and that is the greatest
shame that a knight may have; for never a knight being a murderer hath
worship, nor never shall have; for i saw but late through my force ye
would have slain sir berluse, a better knight than ye, or ever ye shall
be, and more of prowess. thus they rode forth talking till they came to
a fair place, where stood a knight, and prayed them to take their
lodging with him. so at the request of that knight they reposed them
there, and made them well at ease, and had great cheer. for all
errant-knights were welcome to him, and specially all those of arthur’s
court. then sir dinadan demanded his host what was the knight’s name
that kept the bridge. for what cause ask you it? said the host. for it
is not long ago, said sir dinadan, sithen he gave me a fall. ah, fair
knight, said his host, thereof have ye no marvel, for he is a passing
good knight, and his name is sir tor, the son of aries le vaysher. ah,
said sir dinadan, was that sir tor? for truly so ever me thought.

right as they stood thus talking together they saw come riding to them
over a plain six knights of the court of king arthur, well armed at all
points. and there by their shields sir dinadan knew them well. the
first was the good knight sir uwaine, the son of king uriens, the
second was the noble knight sir brandiles, the third was ozana le cure
hardy, the fourth was uwaine les aventurous, the fifth was sir
agravaine, the sixth sir mordred, brother to sir gawaine. when sir
dinadan had seen these six knights he thought in himself he would bring
king mark by some wile to joust with one of them. and anon they took
their horses and ran after these knights well a three mile english.
then was king mark ware where they sat all six about a well, and ate
and drank such meats as they had, and their horses walking and some
tied, and their shields hung in divers places about them. lo, said sir
dinadan, yonder are knights-errant that will joust with us. god forbid,
said king mark, for they be six and we but two. as for that, said sir
dinadan, let us not spare, for i will assay the foremost; and therewith
he made him ready. when king mark saw him do so, as fast as sir dinadan
rode toward them, king mark rode froward them with all his menial
meiny. so when sir dinadan saw king mark was gone, he set the spear out
of the rest, and threw his shield upon his back, and came, riding to
the fellowship of the table round. and anon sir uwaine knew sir
dinadan, and welcomed him, and so did all his fellowship.




chapter xii. how the six knights sent sir dagonet to joust with king
mark, and how king mark refused him.


and then they asked him of his adventures, and whether he had seen sir
tristram or sir launcelot. so god me help, said sir dinadan, i saw none
of them sithen i departed from camelot. what knight is that, said sir
brandiles, that so suddenly departed from you, and rode over yonder
field? sir, said he, it was a knight of cornwall, and the most horrible
coward that ever bestrode horse. what is his name? said all these
knights. i wot not, said sir dinadan. so when they had reposed them,
and spoken together, they took their horses and rode to a castle where
dwelt an old knight that made all knights-errant good cheer. then in
the meanwhile that they were talking came into the castle sir griflet
le fise de dieu, and there was he welcome; and they all asked him
whether he had seen sir launcelot or sir tristram. sirs, he answered, i
saw him not sithen he departed from camelot. so as sir dinadan walked
and beheld the castle, thereby in a chamber he espied king mark, and
then he rebuked him, and asked him why he departed so. sir, said he,
for i durst not abide because they were so many. but how escaped ye?
said king mark. sir, said sir dinadan, they were better friends than i
weened they had been. who is captain of that fellowship? said the king.
then for to fear him sir dinadan said that it was sir launcelot. o
jesu, said the king, might i know sir launcelot by his shield? yea,
said dinadan, for he beareth a shield of silver and black bends. all
this he said to fear the king, for sir launcelot was not in his
fellowship. now i pray you, said king mark, that ye will ride in my
fellowship. that is me loath to do, said sir dinadan, because ye
forsook my fellowship.

right so sir dinadan went from king mark, and went to his own
fellowship; and so they mounted upon their horses, and rode on their
ways, and talked of the cornish knight, for dinadan told them that he
was in the castle where they were lodged. it is well said, said sir
griflet, for here have i brought sir dagonet, king arthur’s fool, that
is the best fellow and the merriest in the world. will ye do well? said
sir dinadan: i have told the cornish knight that here is sir launcelot,
and the cornish knight asked me what shield he bare. truly, i told him
that he bare the same shield that sir mordred beareth. will ye do well?
said sir mordred; i am hurt and may not well bear my shield nor
harness, and therefore put my shield and my harness upon sir dagonet,
and let him set upon the cornish knight. that shall be done, said sir
dagonet, by my faith. then anon was dagonet armed him in mordred’s
harness and his shield, and he was set on a great horse, and a spear in
his hand. now, said dagonet, shew me the knight, and i trow i shall
bear him down. so all these knights rode to a woodside, and abode till
king mark came by the way. then they put forth sir dagonet, and he came
on all the while his horse might run, straight upon king mark. and when
he came nigh king mark, he cried as he were wood, and said: keep thee,
knight of cornwall, for i will slay thee. anon, as king mark beheld his
shield, he said to himself: yonder is sir launcelot; alas, now am i
destroyed; and therewithal he made his horse to run as fast as it might
through thick and thin. and ever sir dagonet followed after king mark,
crying and rating him as a wood man, through a great forest. when sir
uwaine and sir brandiles saw dagonet so chase king mark, they laughed
all as they were wood. and then they took their horses, and rode after
to see how sir dagonet sped, for they would not for no good that sir
dagonet were shent, for king arthur loved him passing well, and made
him knight with his own hands. and at every tournament he began to make
king arthur to laugh. then the knights rode here and there, crying and
chasing after king mark, that all the forest rang of the noise.




chapter xiii. how sir palomides by adventure met king mark flying, and
how he overthrew dagonet and other knights.


so king mark rode by fortune by a well, in the way where stood a
knight-errant on horseback, armed at all points, with a great spear in
his hand. and when he saw king mark coming flying he said: knight,
return again for shame and stand with me, and i shall be thy warrant.
ah, fair knight, said king mark, let me pass, for yonder cometh after
me the best knight of the world, with the black bended shield. fie, for
shame, said the knight, he is none of the worthy knights, and if he
were sir launcelot or sir tristram i should not doubt to meet the
better of them both. when king mark heard him say that word, he turned
his horse and abode by him. and then that strong knight bare a spear to
dagonet, and smote him so sore that he bare him over his horse’s tail,
and nigh he had broken his neck. and anon after him came sir brandiles,
and when he saw dagonet have that fall he was passing wroth, and cried:
keep thee, knight, and so they hurtled together wonder sore. but the
knight smote sir brandiles so sore that he went to the earth, horse and
man. sir uwaine came after and saw all this. jesu, said he, yonder is a
strong knight. and then they feutred their spears, and this knight came
so eagerly that he smote down sir uwaine. then came ozana with the
hardy heart, and he was smitten down. now, said sir griflet, by my
counsel let us send to yonder errant-knight, and wit whether he be of
arthur’s court, for as i deem it is sir lamorak de galis. so they sent
unto him, and prayed the strange knight to tell his name, and whether
he were of arthur’s court or not. as for my name they shall not wit,
but tell them i am a knight-errant as they are, and let them wit that i
am no knight of king arthur’s court; and so the squire rode again unto
them and told them his answer of him. by my head, said sir agravaine,
he is one of the strongest knights that ever i saw, for he hath
overthrown three noble knights, and needs we must encounter with him
for shame. so sir agravaine feutred his spear, and that other was
ready, and smote him down over his horse to the earth. and in the same
wise he smote sir uwaine les avoutres and also sir griflet. then had he
served them all but sir dinadan, for he was behind, and sir mordred was
unarmed, and dagonet had his harness.

so when this was done, this strong knight rode on his way a soft pace,
and king mark rode after him, praising him mickle; but he would answer
no words, but sighed wonderly sore, hanging down his head, taking no
heed to his words. thus they rode well a three mile english, and then
this knight called to him a varlet, and bade him ride until yonder fair
manor, and recommend me to the lady of that castle and place, and pray
her to send me refreshing of good meats and drinks. and if she ask thee
what i am, tell her that i am the knight that followeth the glatisant
beast: that is in english to say the questing beast; for that beast
wheresomever he yede he quested in the belly with such a noise as it
had been a thirty couple of hounds. then the varlet went his way and
came to the manor, and saluted the lady, and told her from whence he
came. and when she understood that he came from the knight that
followed the questing beast: o sweet lord jesu, she said, when shall i
see that noble knight, my dear son palomides? alas, will he not abide
with me? and therewith she swooned and wept, and made passing great
dole. and then also soon as she might she gave the varlet all that he
asked. and the varlet returned unto sir palomides, for he was a varlet
of king mark. and as soon as he came, he told the knight’s name was sir
palomides. i am well pleased, said king mark, but hold thee still and
say nothing. then they alighted and set them down and reposed them a
while. anon withal king mark fell asleep. when sir palomides saw him
sound asleep he took his horse and rode his way, and said to them: i
will not be in the company of a sleeping knight. and so he rode forth a
great pace.




chapter xiv. how king mark and sir dinadan heard sir palomides making
great sorrow and mourning for la beale isoud.


now turn we unto sir dinadan, that found these seven knights passing
heavy. and when he wist how that they sped, as heavy was he. my lord
uwaine, said dinadan, i dare lay my head it is sir lamorak de galis. i
promise you all i shall find him an he may be found in this country.
and so sir dinadan rode after this knight; and so did king mark, that
sought him through the forest. so as king mark rode after sir palomides
he heard the noise of a man that made great dole. then king mark rode
as nigh that noise as he might and as he durst. then was he ware of a
knight that was descended off his horse, and had put off his helm, and
there he made a piteous complaint and a dolorous, of love.

now leave we that, and talk we of sir dinadan, that rode to seek sir
palomides. and as he came within a forest he met with a knight, a
chaser of a deer. sir, said sir dinadan, met ye with a knight with a
shield of silver and lions’ heads? yea, fair knight, said the other,
with such a knight met i with but a while agone, and straight yonder
way he yede. gramercy, said sir dinadan, for might i find the track of
his horse i should not fail to find that knight. right so as sir
dinadan rode in the even late he heard a doleful noise as it were of a
man. then sir dinadan rode toward that noise; and when he came nigh
that noise he alighted off his horse, and went near him on foot. then
was he ware of a knight that stood under a tree, and his horse tied by
him, and the helm off his head; and ever that knight made a doleful
complaint as ever made knight. and always he made his complaint of la
beale isoud, the queen of cornwall, and said: ah, fair lady, why love i
thee! for thou art fairest of all other, and yet showest thou never
love to me, nor bounty. alas, yet must i love thee. and i may not blame
thee, fair lady, for mine eyes be cause of this sorrow. and yet to love
thee i am but a fool, for the best knight of the world loveth thee, and
ye him again, that is sir tristram de liones. and the falsest king and
knight is your husband, and the most coward and full of treason, is
your lord, king mark. alas, that ever so fair a lady and peerless of
all other should be matched with the most villainous knight of the
world. all this language heard king mark, what sir palomides said by
him; wherefore he was adread when he saw sir dinadan, lest he espied
him, that he would tell sir palomides that he was king mark; and
therefore he withdrew him, and took his horse and rode to his men,
where he commanded them to abide. and so he rode as fast as he might
unto camelot; and the same day he found there amant, the knight, ready
that afore arthur had appealed him of treason; and so, lightly the king
commanded them to do battle. and by misadventure king mark smote amant
through the body. and yet was amant in the righteous quarrel. and right
so he took his horse and departed from the court for dread of sir
dinadan, that he would tell sir tristram and sir palomides what he was.
then were there maidens that la beale isoud had sent to sir tristram,
that knew sir amant well.




chapter xv. how king mark had slain sir amant wrongfully to-fore king
arthur, and sir launcelot fetched king mark to king arthur.


then by the license of king arthur they went to him and spake with him;
for while the truncheon of the spear stuck in his body he spake: ah,
fair damosels, said amant, recommend me unto la beale isoud, and tell
her that i am slain for the love of her and of sir tristram. and there
he told the damosels how cowardly king mark had slain him, and sir
bersules, his fellow. and for that deed i appealed him of treason, and
here am i slain in a righteous quarrel; and all was because sir
bersules and i would not consent by treason to slay the noble knight,
sir tristram. then the two maidens cried aloud that all the court might
hear it, and said: o sweet lord jesu, that knowest all hid things, why
sufferest thou so false a traitor to vanquish and slay a true knight
that fought in a righteous quarrel? then anon it was sprung to the
king, and the queen, and to all the lords, that it was king mark that
had slain sir amant, and sir bersules afore hand; wherefore they did
their battle. then was king arthur wroth out of measure, and so were
all the other knights. but when sir tristram knew all the matter he
made great dole and sorrow out of measure, and wept for sorrow for the
loss of the noble knights, sir bersules and of sir amant.

when sir launcelot espied sir tristram weep he went hastily to king
arthur, and said: sir, i pray you give me leave to return again to
yonder false king and knight. i pray you, said king arthur, fetch him
again, but i would not that ye slew him, for my worship. then sir
launcelot armed him in all haste, and mounted upon a great horse, and
took a spear in his hand and rode after king mark. and from thence a
three mile english sir launcelot over took him, and bade him: turn
recreant king and knight, for whether thou wilt or not thou shalt go
with me to king arthur’s court. king mark returned and looked upon sir
launcelot, and said: fair sir, what is your name? wit thou well, said
he, my name is sir launcelot, and therefore defend thee. and when king
mark wist that it was sir launcelot, and came so fast upon him with a
spear, he cried then aloud: i yield me to thee, sir launcelot,
honourable knight. but sir launcelot would not hear him, but came fast
upon him. king mark saw that, and made no defence, but tumbled adown
out of his saddle to the earth as a sack, and there he lay still, and
cried sir launcelot mercy. arise, recreant knight and king. i will not
fight, said king mark, but whither that ye will i will go with you.
alas, alas, said sir launcelot, that i may not give thee one buffet for
the love of sir tristram and of la beale isoud, and for the two knights
that thou hast slain traitorly. and so he mounted upon his horse and
brought him to king arthur; and there king mark alighted in that same
place, and threw his helm from him upon the earth, and his sword, and
fell flat to the earth of king arthur’s feet, and put him in his grace
and mercy. so god me help, said arthur, ye are welcome in a manner, and
in a manner ye are not welcome. in this manner ye are welcome, that ye
come hither maugre thy head, as i suppose. that is truth, said king
mark, and else i had not been here, for my lord, sir launcelot, brought
me hither through his fine force, and to him am i yolden to as
recreant. well, said arthur, ye understand ye ought to do me service,
homage, and fealty. and never would ye do me none, but ever ye have
been against me, and a destroyer of my knights; now, how will ye acquit
you? sir, said king mark, right as your lordship will require me, unto
my power, i will make a large amends. for he was a fair speaker, and
false thereunder. then for great pleasure of sir tristram, to make them
twain accorded, the king withheld king mark as at that time, and made a
broken love-day between them.




chapter xvi. how sir dinadan told sir palomides of the battle between
sir launcelot and sir tristam.


now turn we again unto sir palomides, how sir dinadan comforted him in
all that he might, from his great sorrow. what knight are ye? said sir
palomides. sir, i am a knight-errant as ye be, that hath sought you
long by your shield. here is my shield, said sir palomides, wit ye
well, an ye will ought, therewith i will defend it. nay, said sir
dinadan, i will not have ado with you but in good manner. and if ye
will, ye shall find me soon ready. sir, said sir dinadan, whitherward
ride you this way? by my head, said sir palomides, i wot not, but as
fortune leadeth me. heard ye or saw ye ought of sir tristram? so god me
help, of sir tristram i both heard and saw, and not for then we loved
not inwardly well together, yet at my mischief sir tristram rescued me
from my death; and yet, or he and i departed, by both our assents we
assigned a day that we should have met at the stony grave that merlin
set beside camelot, and there to have done battle together; howbeit i
was letted, said sir palomides, that i might not hold my day, the which
grieveth me sore; but i have a large excuse. for i was prisoner with a
lord, and many other more, and that shall sir tristram right well
understand, that i brake it not of fear of cowardice. and then sir
palomides told sir dinadan the same day that they should have met. so
god me help, said sir dinadan, that same day met sir launcelot and sir
tristram at the same grave of stone. and there was the most mightiest
battle that ever was seen in this land betwixt two knights, for they
fought more than two hours. and there they both bled so much blood that
all men marvelled that ever they might endure it. and so at the last,
by both their assents, they were made friends and sworn-brethren for
ever, and no man can judge the better knight. and now is sir tristram
made a knight of the round table, and he sitteth in the siege of the
noble knight, sir marhaus. by my head, said sir palomides, sir tristram
is far bigger than sir launcelot, and the hardier knight. have ye
assayed them both? said sir dinadan. i have seen sir tristram fight,
said sir palomides, but never sir launcelot to my witting. but at the
fountain where sir launcelot lay asleep, there with one spear he smote
down sir tristram and me, said palomides, but at that time they knew
not either other. fair knight, said sir dinadan, as for sir launcelot
and sir tristram let them be, for the worst of them will not be lightly
matched of no knights that i know living. no, said sir palomides, god
defend, but an i had a quarrel to the better of them both i would with
as good a will fight with him as with you. sir, i require you tell me
your name, and in good faith i shall hold you company till that we come
to camelot; and there shall ye have great worship now at this great
tournament; for there shall be the queen guenever, and la beale isoud
of cornwall. wit you well, sir knight, for the love of la beale isoud i
will be there, and else not, but i will not have ado in king arthur’s
court. sir, said dinadan, i shall ride with you and do you service, so
you will tell me your name. sir, ye shall understand my name is sir
palomides, brother to safere, the good and noble knight. and sir
segwarides and i, we be saracens born, of father and mother. sir, said
sir dinadan, i thank you much for the telling of your name. for i am
glad of that i know your name, and i promise you by the faith of my
body, ye shall not be hurt by me by my will, but rather be advanced.
and thereto will i help you with all my power, i promise you, doubt ye
not. and certainly on my life ye shall win great worship in the court
of king arthur, and be right welcome. so then they dressed on their
helms and put on their shields, and mounted upon their horses, and took
the broad way towards camelot. and then were they ware of a castle that
was fair and rich, and also passing strong as any was within this
realm.




chapter xvii. how sir lamorak jousted with divers knights of the castle
wherein was morgan le fay.


sir palomides, said dinadan, here is a castle that i know well, and
therein dwelleth queen morgan le fay, king arthur’s sister; and king
arthur gave her this castle, the which he hath repented him sithen a
thousand times, for sithen king arthur and she have been at debate and
strife; but this castle could he never get nor win of her by no manner
of engine; and ever as she might she made war on king arthur. and all
dangerous knights she withholdeth with her, for to destroy all these
knights that king arthur loveth. and there shall no knight pass this
way but he must joust with one knight, or with two, or with three. and
if it hap that king arthur’s knight be beaten, he shall lose his horse
and his harness and all that he hath, and hard, if that he escape, but
that he shall be prisoner. so god me help, said palomides, this is a
shameful custom, and a villainous usance for a queen to use, and namely
to make such war upon her own lord, that is called the flower of
chivalry that is christian or heathen; and with all my heart i would
destroy that shameful custom. and i will that all the world wit she
shall have no service of me. and if she send out any knights, as i
suppose she will, for to joust, they shall have both their hands full.
and i shall not fail you, said sir dinadan, unto my puissance, upon my
life.

so as they stood on horseback afore the castle, there came a knight
with a red shield, and two squires after him; and he came straight unto
sir palomides, the good knight, and said to him: fair and gentle
knight-errant, i require thee for the love thou owest unto knighthood,
that ye will not have ado here with these men of this castle; for this
was sir lamorak that thus said. for i came hither to seek this deed,
and it is my request; and therefore i beseech you, knight, let me deal,
and if i be beaten revenge me. in the name of god, said palomides, let
see how ye will speed, and we shall behold you. then anon came forth a
knight of the castle, and proffered to joust with the knight with the
red shield. anon they encountered together, and he with the red shield
smote him so hard that he bare him over to the earth. therewith anon
came another knight of the castle, and he was smitten so sore that he
avoided his saddle. and forthwithal came the third knight, and the
knight with the red shield smote him to the earth. then came sir
palomides, and besought him that he might help him to joust. fair
knight, said he unto him, suffer me as at this time to have my will,
for an they were twenty knights i shall not doubt them. and ever there
were upon the walls of the castle many lords and ladies that cried and
said: well have ye jousted, knight with the red shield. but as soon as
the knight had smitten them down, his squire took their horses, and
avoided their saddles and bridles of the horses, and turned them into
the forest, and made the knights to be kept to the end of the jousts.
right so came out of the castle the fourth knight, and freshly
proffered to joust with the knight with the red shield: and he was
ready, and he smote him so hard that horse and man fell to the earth,
and the knight’s back brake with the fall, and his neck also. o jesu,
said sir palomides, that yonder is a passing good knight, and the best
jouster that ever i saw. by my head, said sir dinadan, he is as good as
ever was sir launcelot or sir tristram, what knight somever he be.




chapter xviii. how sir palomides would have jousted for sir lamorak
with the knights of the castle.


then forthwithal came a knight out of the castle, with a shield bended
with black and with white. and anon the knight with the red shield and
he encountered so hard that he smote the knight of the castle through
the bended shield and through the body, and brake the horse’s back.
fair knight, said sir palomides, ye have overmuch on hand, therefore i
pray you let me joust, for ye had need to be reposed. why sir, said the
knight, seem ye that i am weak and feeble? and sir, methinketh ye
proffer me wrong, and to me shame, when i do well enough. i tell you
now as i told you erst; for an they were twenty knights i shall beat
them, and if i be beaten or slain then may ye revenge me. and if ye
think that i be weary, and ye have an appetite to joust with me, i
shall find you jousting enough. sir, said palomides, i said it not
because i would joust with you, but meseemeth that ye have overmuch on
hand. and therefore, an ye were gentle, said the knight with the red
shield, ye should not proffer me shame; therefore i require you to
joust with me, and ye shall find that i am not weary. sith ye require
me, said sir palomides, take keep to yourself. then they two knights
came together as fast as their horses might run, and the knight smote
sir palomides sore on the shield that the spear went into his side a
great wound, and a perilous. and therewithal sir palomides avoided his
saddle. and that knight turned unto sir dinadan; and when he saw him
coming he cried aloud, and said: sir, i will not have ado with you; but
for that he let it not, but came straight upon him. so sir dinadan for
shame put forth his spear and all to-shivered it upon the knight. but
he smote sir dinadan again so hard that he smote him clean from his
saddle; but their horses he would not suffer his squires to meddle
with, and because they were knights-errant.

then he dressed him again to the castle, and jousted with seven knights
more, and there was none of them might withstand him, but he bare him
to the earth. and of these twelve knights he slew in plain jousts four.
and the eight knights he made them to swear on the cross of a sword
that they should never use the evil customs of the castle. and when he
had made them to swear that oath he let them pass. and ever stood the
lords and the ladies on the castle walls crying and saying: knight with
the red shield, ye have marvellously well done as ever we saw knight
do. and therewith came a knight out of the castle unarmed, and said:
knight with the red shield, overmuch damage hast thou done to us this
day, therefore return whither thou wilt, for here are no more will have
ado with thee; for we repent sore that ever thou camest here, for by
thee is fordone the old custom of this castle. and with that word he
turned again into the castle, and shut the gates. then the knight with
the red shield turned and called his squires, and so passed forth on
his way, and rode a great pace.

and when he was past sir palomides went to sir dinadan, and said: i had
never such a shame of one knight that ever i met; and therefore i cast
me to ride after him, and to be revenged with my sword, for a-horseback
i deem i shall get no worship of him. sir palomides, said dinadan, ye
shall not meddle with him by my counsel, for ye shall get no worship of
him; and for this cause, ye have seen him this day have had overmuch to
do, and overmuch travailed. by almighty jesu, said palomides, i shall
never be at ease till that i have had ado with him. sir, said dinadan,
i shall give you my beholding. well, said palomides, then shall ye see
how we shall redress our mights. so they took their horses of their
varlets, and rode after the knight with the red shield; and down in a
valley beside a fountain they were ware where he was alighted to repose
him, and had done off his helm for to drink at the well.




chapter xix. how sir lamorak jousted with sir palomides, and hurt him
grievously.


then palomides rode fast till he came nigh him. and then he said:
knight, remember ye of the shame ye did to me right now at the castle,
therefore dress thee, for i will have ado with thee. fair knight, said
he to palomides, of me ye win no worship, for ye have seen this day
that i have been travailed sore. as for that, said palomides, i will
not let, for wit ye well i will be revenged. well, said the knight, i
may happen to endure you. and therewithal he mounted upon his horse,
and took a great spear in his hand ready for to joust. nay, said
palomides, i will not joust, for i am sure at jousting i get no prize.
fair knight, said that knight, it would beseem a knight to joust and to
fight on horseback. ye shall see what i will do, said palomides. and
therewith he alighted down upon foot, and dressed his shield afore him
and pulled out his sword. then the knight with the red shield descended
down from his horse, and dressed his shield afore him, and so he drew
out his sword. and then they came together a soft pace, and wonderly
they lashed together passing thick the mountenance of an hour or ever
they breathed. then they traced and traversed, and waxed wonderly
wroth, and either behight other death; they hewed so fast with their
swords that they cut in down half their swords and mails, that the bare
flesh in some place stood above their harness. and when sir palomides
beheld his fellow’s sword over-hylled with his blood it grieved him
sore: some while they foined, some while they struck as wild men. but
at the last sir palomides waxed faint, because of his first wound that
he had at the castle with a spear, for that wound grieved him wonderly
sore. fair knight, said palomides, meseemeth we have assayed either
other passing sore, and if it may please thee, i require thee of thy
knighthood tell me thy name. sir, said the knight to palomides, that is
me loath to do, for thou hast done me wrong and no knighthood to
proffer me battle, considering my great travail, but an thou wilt tell
me thy name i will tell thee mine. sir, said he, wit thou well my name
is palomides. ah, sir, ye shall understand my name is sir lamorak de
galis, son and heir unto the good knight and king, king pellinore, and
sir tor, the good knight, is my half brother. when sir palomides heard
him say so he kneeled down and asked mercy, for outrageously have i
done to you this day; considering the great deeds of arms i have seen
you do, shamefully and unknightly i have required you to do battle. ah,
sir palomides, said sir lamorak, overmuch have ye done and said to me.
and therewith he embraced him with his both hands, and said: palomides,
the worthy knight, in all this land is no better than ye, nor more of
prowess, and me repenteth sore that we should fight together. so it
doth not me, said sir palomides, and yet am i sorer wounded than ye be;
but as for that i shall soon thereof be whole. but certainly i would
not for the fairest castle in this land, but if thou and i had met, for
i shall love you the days of my life afore all other knights except my
brother, sir safere. i say the same, said sir lamorak, except my
brother, sir tor. then came sir dinadan, and he made great joy of sir
lamorak. then their squires dressed both their shields and their
harness, and stopped their wounds. and thereby at a priory they rested
them all night.




chapter xx. how it was told sir launcelot that dagonet chased king
mark, and how a knight overthrew him and six knights.


now turn we again. when sir ganis and sir brandiles with his fellows
came to the court of king arthur they told the king, sir launcelot, and
sir tristram, how sir dagonet, the fool, chased king mark through the
forest, and how the strong knight smote them down all seven with one
spear. there was great laughing and japing at king mark and at sir
dagonet. but all these knights could not tell what knight it was that
rescued king mark. then they asked king mark if that he knew him, and
he answered and said: he named himself the knight that followed the
questing beast, and on that name he sent one of my varlets to a place
where was his mother; and when she heard from whence he came she made
passing great dole, and discovered to my varlet his name, and said: oh,
my dear son, sir palomides, why wilt thou not see me? and therefore,
sir, said king mark, it is to understand his name is sir palomides, a
noble knight. then were all these seven knights glad that they knew his
name.

now turn we again, for on the morn they took their horses, both sir
lamorak, palomides, and dinadan, with their squires and varlets, till
they saw a fair castle that stood on a mountain well closed, and
thither they rode, and there they found a knight that hight galahalt,
that was lord of that castle, and there they had great cheer and were
well eased. sir dinadan, said sir lamorak, what will ye do? oh sir,
said dinadan, i will to-morrow to the court of king arthur. by my head,
said sir palomides, i will not ride these three days, for i am sore
hurt, and much have i bled, and therefore i will repose me here. truly,
said sir lamorak, and i will abide here with you; and when ye ride,
then will i ride, unless that ye tarry over long; then will i take my
horse. therefore i pray you, sir dinadan, abide and ride with us.
faithfully, said dinadan, i will not abide, for i have such a talent to
see sir tristram that i may not abide long from him. ah, dinadan, said
sir palomides, now do i understand that ye love my mortal enemy, and
therefore how should i trust you. well, said dinadan, i love my lord
sir tristram, above all other, and him will i serve and do honour. so
shall i, said sir lamorak, in all that may lie in my power.

so on the morn sir dinadan rode unto the court of king arthur; and by
the way as he rode he saw where stood an errant knight, and made him
ready for to joust. not so, said dinadan, for i have no will to joust.
with me shall ye joust, said the knight, or that ye pass this way.
whether ask ye jousts, by love or by hate? the knight answered: wit ye
well i ask it for love, and not for hate. it may well be so, said sir
dinadan, but ye proffer me hard love when ye will joust with me with a
sharp spear. but, fair knight, said sir dinadan, sith ye will joust
with me, meet with me in the court of king arthur, and there shall i
joust with you. well, said the knight, sith ye will not joust with me,
i pray you tell me your name. sir knight, said he, my name is sir
dinadan. ah, said the knight, full well know i you for a good knight
and a gentle, and wit you well i love you heartily. then shall there be
no jousts, said dinadan, betwixt us. so they departed. and the same day
he came to camelot, where lay king arthur. and there he saluted the
king and the queen, sir launcelot, and sir tristram; and all the court
was glad of sir dinadan, for he was gentle, wise, and courteous, and a
good knight. and in especial, the valiant knight sir tristram loved sir
dinadan passing well above all other knights save sir launcelot.

then the king asked sir dinadan what adventures he had seen. sir, said
dinadan, i have seen many adventures, and of some king mark knoweth,
but not all. then the king hearkened sir dinadan, how he told that sir
palomides and he were afore the castle of morgan le fay, and how sir
lamorak took the jousts afore them, and how he forjousted twelve
knights, and of them four he slew, and how after he smote down sir
palomides and me both. t i may not believe that, said the king, for sir
palomides is a passing good knight. that is very truth, said sir
dinadan, but yet i saw him better proved, hand for hand. and then he
told the king all that battle, and how sir palomides was more weaker,
and more hurt, and more lost of his blood. and without doubt, said sir
dinadan, had the battle longer lasted, palomides had been slain. o
jesu, said king arthur, this is to me a great marvel. sir, said
tristram, marvel ye nothing thereof, for at mine advice there is not a
valianter knight in the world living, for i know his might. and now i
will say you, i was never so weary of knight but if it were sir
launcelot. and there is no knight in the world except sir launcelot
that did so well as sir lamorak. so god me help, said the king, i would
that knight, sir lamorak, came to this court. sir, said dinadan, he
will be here in short space, and sir palomides both, but i fear that
palomides may not yet travel.




chapter xxi. how king arthur let do cry a jousts, and how sir lamorak
came in, and overthrew sir gawaine and many other.


then within three days after the king let make a jousting at a priory.
and there made them ready many knights of the round table, for sir
gawaine and his brethren made them ready to joust; but tristram,
launcelot, nor dinadan, would not joust, but suffered sir gawaine, for
the love of king arthur, with his brethren, to win the gree if they
might. then on the morn they apparelled them to joust, sir gawaine and
his four brethren, and did there great deeds of arms. and sir ector de
maris did marvellously well, but sir gawaine passed all that
fellowship; wherefore king arthur and all the knights gave sir gawaine
the honour at the beginning.

right so king arthur was ware of a knight and two squires, the which
came out of a forest side, with a shield covered with leather, and then
he came slyly and hurtled here and there, and anon with one spear he
had smitten down two knights of the round table. then with his hurtling
he lost the covering of his shield, then was the king and all other
ware that he bare a red shield. o jesu, said king arthur, see where
rideth a stout knight, he with the red shield. and there was noise and
crying: beware the knight with the red shield. so within a little while
he had overthrown three brethren of sir gawaine’s. so god me help, said
king arthur, meseemeth yonder is the best jouster that ever i saw. with
that he saw him encounter with sir gawaine, and he smote him down with
so great force that he made his horse to avoid his saddle. how now,
said the king, sir gawaine hath a fall; well were me an i knew what
knight he were with the red shield. i know him well, said dinadan, but
as at this time ye shall not know his name. by my head, said sir
tristram, he jousted better than sir palomides, and if ye list to know
his name, wit ye well his name is sir lamorak de galis.

as they stood thus talking, sir gawaine and he encountered together
again, and there he smote sir gawaine from his horse, and bruised him
sore. and in the sight of king arthur he smote down twenty knights,
beside sir gawaine and his brethren. and so clearly was the prize given
him as a knight peerless. then slyly and marvellously sir lamorak
withdrew him from all the fellowship into the forest side. all this
espied king arthur, for his eye went never from him. then the king, sir
launcelot, sir tristram, and sir dinadan, took their hackneys, and rode
straight after the good knight, sir lamorak de galis, and there found
him. and thus said the king: ah, fair knight, well be ye found. when he
saw the king he put off his helm and saluted him, and when he saw sir
tristram he alighted down off his horse and ran to him to take him by
the thighs, but sir tristram would not suffer him, but he alighted or
that he came, and either took other in arms, and made great joy of
other. the king was glad, and also was all the fellowship of the round
table, except sir gawaine and his brethren. and when they wist that he
was sir lamorak, they had great despite at him, and were wonderly wroth
with him that he had put him to dishonour that day.

then gawaine called privily in council all his brethren, and to them
said thus: fair brethren, here may ye see, whom that we hate king
arthur loveth, and whom that we love he hateth. and wit ye well, my
fair brethren, that this sir lamorak will never love us, because we
slew his father, king pellinore, for we deemed that he slew our father,
king of orkney. and for the despite of pellinore, sir lamorak did us a
shame to our mother, therefore i will be revenged. sir, said sir
gawaine’s brethren, let see how ye will or may be revenged, and ye
shall find us ready. well, said gawaine, hold you still and we shall
espy our time.




chapter xxii. how king arthur made king mark to be accorded with sir
tristram, and how they departed toward cornwall.


now pass we our matter, and leave we sir gawaine, and speak of king
arthur, that on a day said unto king mark: sir, i pray you give me a
gift that i shall ask you. sir, said king mark, i will give you
whatsomever ye desire an it be in my power. sir, gramercy, said arthur.
this i will ask you, that ye will be good lord unto sir tristram, for
he is a man of great honour; and that ye will take him with you into
cornwall, and let him see his friends, and there cherish him for my
sake. sir, said king mark, i promise you by the faith of my body, and
by the faith that i owe to god and to you, i shall worship him for your
sake in all that i can or may. sir, said arthur, and i will forgive you
all the evil will that ever i ought you, an so be that you swear that
upon a book before me. with a good will, said king mark; and so he
there sware upon a book afore him and all his knights, and therewith
king mark and sir tristram took either other by the hands hard knit
together. but for all this king mark thought falsely, as it proved
after, for he put sir tristram in prison, and cowardly would have slain
him.

then soon after king mark took his leave to ride into cornwall, and sir
tristram made him ready to ride with him, whereof the most part of the
round table were wroth and heavy, and in especial sir launcelot, and
sir lamorak, and sir dinadan, were wroth out of measure. for well they
wist king mark would slay or destroy sir tristram. alas, said dinadan,
that my lord, sir tristram, shall depart. and sir tristram took such
sorrow that he was amazed like a fool. alas, said sir launcelot unto
king arthur, what have ye done, for ye shall lose the most man of
worship that ever came into your court. it was his own desire, said
arthur, and therefore i might not do withal, for i have done all that i
can and made them at accord. accord, said sir launcelot, fie upon that
accord, for ye shall hear that he shall slay sir tristram, or put him
in a prison, for he is the most coward and the villainest king and
knight that is now living.

and therewith sir launcelot departed, and came to king mark, and said
to him thus: sir king, wit thou well the good knight sir tristram shall
go with thee. beware, i rede thee, of treason, for an thou mischief
that knight by any manner of falsehood or treason, by the faith i owe
to god and to the order of knighthood, i shall slay thee with mine own
hands. sir launcelot, said the king, overmuch have ye said to me, and i
have sworn and said over largely afore king arthur in hearing of all
his knights, that i shall not slay nor betray him. it were to me
overmuch shame to break my promise. ye say well, said sir launcelot,
but ye are called so false and full of treason that no man may believe
you. forsooth it is known well wherefore ye came into this country, and
for none other cause but for to slay sir tristram. so with great dole
king mark and sir tristram rode together, for it was by sir tristram’s
will and his means to go with king mark, and all was for the intent to
see la beale isoud, for without the sight of her sir tristram might not
endure.




chapter xxiii. how sir percivale was made knight of king arthur, and
how a dumb maid spake, and brought him to the round table.


now turn we again unto sir lamorak, and speak we of his brethren, sir
tor, which was king pellinore’s first son and begotten of aryes, wife
of the cowherd, for he was a bastard; and sir aglovale was his first
son begotten in wedlock; sir lamorak, dornar, percivale, these were his
sons too in wedlock. so when king mark and sir tristram were departed
from the court there was made great dole and sorrow for the departing
of sir tristram. then the king and his knights made no manner of joys
eight days after. and at the eight days’ end there came to the court a
knight with a young squire with him. and when this knight was unarmed,
he went to the king and required him to make the young squire a knight.
of what lineage is he come? said king arthur. sir, said the knight, he
is the son of king pellinore, that did you some time good service, and
he is a brother unto sir lamorak de galis, the good knight. well, said
the king, for what cause desire ye that of me that i should make him
knight? wit you well, my lord the king, that this young squire is
brother to me as well as to sir lamorak, and my name is aglavale. sir
aglavale, said arthur, for the love of sir lamorak, and for his
father’s love, he shall be made knight to-morrow. now tell me, said
arthur, what is his name? sir, said the knight, his name is percivale
de galis. so on the morn the king made him knight in camelot. but the
king and all the knights thought it would be long or that he proved a
good knight.

then at the dinner, when the king was set at the table, and every
knight after he was of prowess, the king commanded him to be set among
mean knights; and so was sir percivale set as the king commanded. then
was there a maiden in the queen’s court that was come of high blood,
and she was dumb and never spake word. right so she came straight into
the hall, and went unto sir percivale, and took him by the hand and
said aloud, that the king and all the knights might hear it: arise, sir
percivale, the noble knight and god’s knight, and go with me; and so he
did. and there she brought him to the right side of the siege perilous,
and said, fair knight, take here thy siege, for that siege appertaineth
to thee and to none other. right so she departed and asked a priest.
and as she was confessed and houselled then she died. then the king and
all the court made great joy of sir percivale.




chapter xxiv. how sir lamorak visited king lot’s wife, and how sir
gaheris slew her which was his own mother.


now turn we unto sir lamorak, that much was there praised. then, by the
mean of sir gawaine and his brethren, they sent for their mother there
besides, fast by a castle beside camelot; and all was to that intent to
slay sir lamorak. the queen of orkney was there but a while, but sir
lamorak wist of their being, and was full fain; and for to make an end
of this matter, he sent unto her, and there betwixt them was a night
assigned that sir lamorak should come to her. thereof was ware sir
gaheris, and there he rode afore the same night, and waited upon sir
lamorak, and then he saw where he came all armed. and where sir lamorak
alighted he tied his horse to a privy postern, and so he went into a
parlour and unarmed him; and then he went unto the queen’s bed, and she
made of him passing great joy, and he of her again, for either loved
other passing sore. so when the knight, sir gaheris, saw his time, he
came to their bedside all armed, with his sword naked, and suddenly gat
his mother by the hair and struck off her head.

when sir lamorak saw the blood dash upon him all hot, the which he
loved passing well, wit you well he was sore abashed and dismayed of
that dolorous knight. and therewithal, sir lamorak leapt out of the bed
in his shirt as a knight dismayed, saying thus: ah, sir gaheris, knight
of the table round, foul and evil have ye done, and to you great shame.
alas, why have ye slain your mother that bare you? with more right ye
should have slain me. the offence hast thou done, said gaheris,
notwithstanding a man is born to offer his service; but yet shouldst
thou beware with whom thou meddlest, for thou hast put me and my
brethren to a shame, and thy father slew our father; and thou to lie by
our mother is too much shame for us to suffer. and as for thy father,
king pellinore, my brother sir gawaine and i slew him. ye did him the
more wrong, said sir lamorak, for my father slew not your father, it
was balin le savage: and as yet my father’s death is not revenged.
leave those words, said sir gaheris, for an thou speak feloniously i
will slay thee. but because thou art naked i am ashamed to slay thee.
but wit thou well, in what place i may get thee i shall slay thee; and
now my mother is quit of thee; and withdraw thee and take thine armour,
that thou were gone. sir lamorak saw there was none other bote, but
fast armed him, and took his horse and rode his way making great
sorrow. but for the shame and dolour he would not ride to king arthur’s
court, but rode another way.

but when it was known that gaheris had slain his mother the king was
passing wroth, and commanded him to go out of his court. wit ye well
sir gawaine was wroth that gaheris had slain his mother and let sir
lamorak escape. and for this matter was the king passing wroth, and so
was sir launcelot, and many other knights. sir, said sir launcelot,
here is a great mischief befallen by felony, and by forecast treason,
that your sister is thus shamefully slain. and i dare say that it was
wrought by treason, and i dare say ye shall lose that good knight, sir
lamorak, the which is great pity. i wot well and am sure, an sir
tristram wist it, he would never more come within your court, the which
should grieve you much more and all your knights. god defend, said the
noble king arthur, that i should lose sir lamorak or sir tristram, for
then twain of my chief knights of the table round were gone. sir, said
sir launcelot, i am sure ye shall lose sir lamorak, for sir gawaine and
his brethren will slay him by one mean or other; for they among them
have concluded and sworn to slay him an ever they may see their time.
that shall i let, said arthur.




chapter xxv. how sir agravaine and sir mordred met with a knight
fleeing, and how they both were overthrown, and of sir dinadan.


now leave we of sir lamorak, and speak of sir gawaine’s brethren, and
specially of sir agravaine and sir mordred. as they rode on their
adventures they met with a knight fleeing, sore wounded; and they asked
him what tidings. fair knights, said he, here cometh a knight after me
that will slay me. with that came sir dinadan riding to them by
adventure, but he would promise them no help. but sir agravaine and sir
mordred promised him to rescue him. therewithal came that knight
straight unto them, and anon he proffered to joust. that saw sir
mordred and rode to him, but he struck mordred over his horse’s tail.
that saw sir agravaine, and straight he rode toward that knight, and
right so as he served mordred so he served agravaine, and said to them:
sirs, wit ye well both that i am breuse saunce pité, that hath done
this to you. and yet he rode over agravaine five or six times. when
dinadan saw this, he must needs joust with him for shame. and so
dinadan and he encountered together, that with pure strength sir
dinadan smote him over his horse’s tail. then he took his horse and
fled, for he was on foot one of the valiantest knights in arthur’s
days, and a great destroyer of all good knights.

then rode sir dinadan unto sir mordred and unto sir agravaine. sir
knight, said they all, well have ye done, and well have ye revenged us,
wherefore we pray you tell us your name. fair sirs, ye ought to know my
name, the which is called sir dinadan. when they understood that it was
dinadan they were more wroth than they were before, for they hated him
out of measure because of sir lamorak. for dinadan had such a custom
that he loved all good knights that were valiant, and he hated all
those that were destroyers of good knights. and there were none that
hated dinadan but those that ever were called murderers. then spake the
hurt knight that breuse saunce pité had chased, his name was dalan, and
said: if thou be dinadan thou slewest my father. it may well be so,
said dinadan, but then it was in my defence and at his request. by my
head, said dalan, thou shalt die therefore, and therewith he dressed
his spear and his shield. and to make the shorter tale, sir dinadan
smote him down off his horse, that his neck was nigh broken. and in the
same wise he smote sir mordred and sir agravaine. and after, in the
quest of the sangreal, cowardly and feloniously they slew dinadan, the
which was great damage, for he was a great bourder and a passing good
knight.

and so sir dinadan rode to a castle that hight beale-valet. and there
he found sir palomides that was not yet whole of the wound that sir
lamorak gave him. and there dinadan told palomides all the tidings that
he heard and saw of sir tristram, and how he was gone with king mark,
and with him he hath all his will and desire. therewith sir palomides
waxed wroth, for he loved la beale isoud. and then he wist well that
sir tristram enjoyed her.




chapter xxvi. how king arthur, the queen, and launcelot received
letters out of cornwall, and of the answer again.


now leave we sir palomides and sir dinadan in the castle of
beale-valet, and turn we again unto king arthur. there came a knight
out of cornwall, his name was fergus, a fellow of the round table. and
there he told the king and sir launcelot good tidings of sir tristram,
and there were brought goodly letters, and how he left him in the
castle of tintagil. then came the damosel that brought goodly letters
unto king arthur and unto sir launcelot, and there she had passing good
cheer of the king, and of the queen guenever, and of sir launcelot.
then they wrote goodly letters again. but sir launcelot bade ever sir
tristram beware of king mark, for ever he called him in his letters
king fox, as who saith, he fareth all with wiles and treason. whereof
sir tristram in his heart thanked sir launcelot. then the damosel went
unto la beale isoud, and bare her letters from the king and from sir
launcelot, whereof she was in passing great joy. fair damosel, said la
beale isoud, how fareth my lord arthur, and the queen guenever, and the
noble knight, sir launcelot? she answered, and to make short tale: much
the better that ye and sir tristram be in joy. god reward them, said la
beale isoud, for sir tristram suffereth great pain for me, and i for
him.

so the damosel departed, and brought letters to king mark. and when he
had read them, and understood them, he was wroth with sir tristram, for
he deemed that he had sent the damosel unto king arthur. for arthur and
launcelot in a manner threated king mark. and as king mark read these
letters he deemed treason by sir tristram. damosel, said king mark,
will ye ride again and bear letters from me unto king arthur? sir, she
said, i will be at your commandment to ride when ye will. ye say well,
said the king; come again, said the king, to-morn, and fetch your
letters. then she departed and told them how she should ride again with
letters unto arthur. then we pray you, said la beale isoud and sir
tristram, that when ye have received your letters, that ye would come
by us that we may see the privity of your letters. all that i may do,
madam, ye wot well i must do for sir tristram, for i have been long his
own maiden.

so on the morn the damosel went to king mark to have had his letters
and to depart. i am not avised, said king mark, as at this time to send
my letters. then privily and secretly he sent letters unto king arthur,
and unto queen guenever, and unto sir launcelot. so the varlet
departed, and found the king and the queen in wales, at carlion. and as
the king and the queen were at mass the varlet came with the letters.
and when mass was done the king and the queen opened the letters
privily by themself. and the beginning of the king’s letters spake
wonderly short unto king arthur, and bade him entermete with himself
and with his wife, and of his knights; for he was able enough to rule
and keep his wife.




chapter xxvii. how sir launcelot was wroth with the letter that he
received from king mark, and of dinadan which made a lay of king mark.


when king arthur understood the letter, he mused of many things, and
thought on his sister’s words, queen morgan le fay, that she had said
betwixt queen guenever and sir launcelot. and in this thought he
studied a great while. then he bethought him again how his sister was
his own enemy, and that she hated the queen and sir launcelot, and so
he put all that out of his thought. then king arthur read the letter
again, and the latter clause said that king mark took sir tristram for
his mortal enemy; wherefore he put arthur out of doubt he would be
revenged of sir tristram. then was king arthur wroth with king mark.
and when queen guenever read her letter and understood it, she was
wroth out of measure, for the letter spake shame by her and by sir
launcelot. and so privily she sent the letter unto sir launcelot. and
when he wist the intent of the letter he was so wroth that he laid him
down on his bed to sleep, whereof sir dinadan was ware, for it was his
manner to be privy with all good knights. and as sir launcelot slept he
stole the letter out of his hand, and read it word by word. and then he
made great sorrow for anger. and so sir launcelot awaked, and went to a
window, and read the letter again, the which made him angry.

sir, said dinadan, wherefore be ye angry? discover your heart to me:
forsooth ye wot well i owe you good will, howbeit i am a poor knight
and a servitor unto you and to all good knights. for though i be not of
worship myself i love all those that be of worship. it is truth, said
sir launcelot, ye are a trusty knight, and for great trust i will shew
you my counsel. and when dinadan understood all, he said: this is my
counsel: set you right nought by these threats, for king mark is so
villainous, that by fair speech shall never man get of him. but ye
shall see what i shall do; i will make a lay for him, and when it is
made i shall make an harper to sing it afore him. so anon he went and
made it, and taught it an harper that hight eliot. and when he could
it, he taught it to many harpers. and so by the will of sir launcelot,
and of arthur, the harpers went straight into wales, and into cornwall,
to sing the lay that sir dinadan made by king mark, the which was the
worst lay that ever harper sang with harp or with any other
instruments.




chapter xxviii. how sir tristram was hurt, and of a war made to king
mark; and of sir tristram how he promised to rescue him.


now turn we again unto sir tristram and to king mark. as sir tristram
was at jousts and at tournament it fortuned he was sore hurt both with
a spear and with a sword, but yet he won always the degree. and for to
repose him he went to a good knight that dwelled in cornwall, in a
castle, whose name was sir dinas le seneschal. then by misfortune there
came out of sessoin a great number of men of arms, and an hideous host,
and they entered nigh the castle of tintagil; and their captain’s name
was elias, a good man of arms. when king mark understood his enemies
were entered into his land he made great dole and sorrow, for in no
wise by his will king mark would not send for sir tristram, for he
hated him deadly.

so when his council was come they devised and cast many perils of the
strength of their enemies. and then they concluded all at once, and
said thus unto king mark: sir, wit ye well ye must send for sir
tristram, the good knight, or else they will never be overcome. for by
sir tristram they must be foughten withal, or else we row against the
stream. well, said king mark, i will do by your counsel; but yet he was
full loath thereto, but need constrained him to send for him. then was
he sent for in all haste that might be, that he should come to king
mark. and when he understood that king mark had sent for him, he
mounted upon a soft ambler and rode to king mark. and when he was come
the king said thus: fair nephew sir tristram, this is all. here be come
our enemies of sessoin, that are here nigh hand, and without tarrying
they must be met with shortly, or else they will destroy this country.
sir, said sir tristram, wit ye well all my power is at your
commandment. and wit ye well, sir, these eight days i may bear none
arms, for my wounds be not yet whole. and by that day i shall do what i
may. ye say well, said king mark; then go ye again and repose you and
make you fresh, and i shall go and meet the sessoins with all my power.

so the king departed unto tintagil, and sir tristram went to repose
him. and the king made a great host and departed them in three; the
first part led sir dinas the seneschal, and sir andred led the second
part, and sir argius led the third part; and he was of the blood of
king mark. and the sessoins had three great battles, and many good men
of arms. and so king mark by the advice of his knights issued out of
the castle of tintagil upon his enemies. and dinas, the good knight,
rode out afore, and slew two knights with his own hands, and then began
the battles. and there was marvellous breaking of spears and smiting of
swords, and slew down many good knights. and ever was sir dinas the
seneschal the best of king mark’s party. and thus the battle endured
long with great mortality. but at the last king mark and sir dinas,
were they never so loath, they withdrew them to the castle of tintagil
with great slaughter of people; and the sessoins followed on fast, that
ten of them were put within the gates and four slain with the
portcullis.

then king mark sent for sir tristram by a varlet, that told him all the
mortality. then he sent the varlet again, and bade him: tell king mark
that i will come as soon as i am whole, for erst i may do him no good.
then king mark had his answer. therewith came elias and bade the king
yield up the castle: for ye may not hold it no while. sir elias, said
the king, so will i yield up the castle if i be not soon rescued. anon
king mark sent again for rescue to sir tristram. by then sir tristram
was whole, and he had gotten him ten good knights of arthur’s; and with
them he rode unto tintagil. and when he saw the great host of sessoins
he marvelled wonder greatly. and then sir tristram rode by the woods
and by the ditches as secretly as he might, till he came nigh the
gates. and there dressed a knight to him when he saw that sir tristram
would enter; and sir tristram smote him down dead, and so he served
three more. and everych of these ten knights slew a man of arms. so sir
tristram entered into the castle of tintagil. and when king mark wist
that sir tristram was come he was glad of his coming, and so was all
the fellowship, and of him they made great joy.




chapter xxix. how sir tristram overcame the battle, and how elias
desired a man to fight body for body.


so on the morn elias the captain came, and bade king mark: come out and
do battle; for now the good knight sir tristram is entered it will be
shame to thee, said elias, for to keep thy walls. when king mark
understood this he was wroth and said no word, but went unto sir
tristram and asked him his counsel. sir, said sir tristram, will ye
that i give him his answer? i will well, said king mark. then sir
tristram said thus to the messenger: bear thy lord word from the king
and me, that we will do battle with him to-morn in the plain field.
what is your name? said the messenger. wit thou well my name is sir
tristram de liones. therewithal the messenger departed and told his
lord elias all that he had heard. sir, said sir tristram unto king
mark, i pray you give me leave to have the rule of the battle. i pray
you take the rule, said king mark. then sir tristram let devise the
battle in what manner that it should be. he let depart his host in six
parties, and ordained sir dinas the seneschal to have the foreward, and
other knights to rule the remnant. and the same night sir tristram
burnt all the sessoins’ ships unto the cold water. anon, as elias wist
that, he said it was of sir tristram’s doing: for he casteth that we
shall never escape, mother son of us. therefore, fair fellows, fight
freely to-morrow, and miscomfort you nought; for any knight, though he
be the best knight in the world, he may not have ado with us all.

then they ordained their battle in four parties, wonderly well
apparelled and garnished with men of arms. thus they within issued, and
they without set freely upon them; and there sir dinas did great deeds
of arms. not for then sir dinas and his fellowship were put to the
worse. with that came sir tristram and slew two knights with one spear;
then he slew on the right hand and on the left hand, that men marvelled
that ever he might do such deeds of arms. and then he might see
sometime the battle was driven a bow-draught from the castle, and
sometime it was at the gates of the castle. then came elias the captain
rushing here and there, and hit king mark so sore upon the helm that he
made him to avoid the saddle. and then sir dinas gat king mark again to
horseback. therewithal came in sir tristram like a lion, and there he
met with elias, and he smote him so sore upon the helm that he avoided
his saddle. and thus they fought till it was night, and for great
slaughter and for wounded people everych party drew to their rest.

and when king mark was come within the castle of tintagil he lacked of
his knights an hundred, and they without lacked two hundred; and they
searched the wounded men on both parties. and then they went to
council; and wit you well either party were loath to fight more, so
that either might escape with their worship. when elias the captain
understood the death of his men he made great dole; and when he wist
that they were loath to go to battle again he was wroth out of measure.
then elias sent word unto king mark, in great despite, whether he would
find a knight that would fight for him body for body. and if that he
might slay king mark’s knight, he to have the truage of cornwall
yearly. and if that his knight slay mine, i fully release my claim
forever. then the messenger departed unto king mark, and told him how
that his lord elias had sent him word to find a knight to do battle
with him body for body. when king mark understood the messenger, he
bade him abide and he should have his answer. then called he all the
baronage together to wit what was the best counsel. they said all at
once: to fight in a field we have no lust, for had not been sir
tristram’s prowess it had been likely that we never should have
escaped; and therefore, sir, as we deem, it were well done to find a
knight that would do battle with him, for he knightly proffereth.




chapter xxi. how sir elias and sir tristram fought together for the
truage, and how sir tristram slew elias in the field.


not for then when all this was said, they could find no knight that
would do battle with him. sir king, said they all, here is no knight
that dare fight with elias. alas, said king mark, then am i utterly
ashamed and utterly destroyed, unless that my nephew sir tristram will
take the battle upon him. wit you well, they said all, he had yesterday
overmuch on hand, and he is weary for travail, and sore wounded. where
is he? said king mark. sir, said they, he is in his bed to repose him.
alas, said king mark, but i have the succour of my nephew sir tristram,
i am utterly destroyed for ever.

therewith one went to sir tristram where he lay, and told him what king
mark had said. and therewith sir tristram arose lightly, and put on him
a long gown, and came afore the king and all the lords. and when he saw
them all so dismayed he asked the king and the lords what tidings were
with them. never worse, said the king. and therewith he told him all,
how he had word of elias to find a knight to fight for the truage of
cornwall, and none can i find. and as for you, said the king and all
the lords, we may ask no more of you for shame; for through your
hardiness yesterday ye saved all our lives. sir, said sir tristram, now
i understand ye would have my succour, reason would that i should do
all that lieth in my power to do, saving my worship and my life,
howbeit i am sore bruised and hurt. and sithen sir elias proffereth so
largely, i shall fight with him, or else i will be slain in the field,
or else i will deliver cornwall from the old truage. and therefore
lightly call his messenger and he shall be answered, for as yet my
wounds be green, and they will be sorer a seven night after than they
be now; and therefore he shall have his answer that i will do battle
to-morn with him.

then was the messenger departed brought before king mark. hark, my
fellow, said sir tristram, go fast unto thy lord, and bid him make true
assurance on his part for the truage, as the king here shall make on
his part; and then tell thy lord, sir elias, that i, sir tristram, king
arthur’s knight, and knight of the table round, will as to-morn meet
with thy lord on horseback, to do battle as long as my horse may
endure, and after that to do battle with him on foot to the utterance.
the messenger beheld sir tristram from the top to the toe; and
therewithal he departed and came to his lord, and told him how he was
answered of sir tristram. and therewithal was made hostage on both
parties, and made it as sure as it might be, that whether party had the
victory, so to end. and then were both hosts assembled on both parts of
the field, without the castle of tintagil, and there was none but sir
tristram and sir elias armed.

so when the appointment was made, they departed in-sunder, and they
came together with all the might that their horses might run. and
either knight smote other so hard that both horses and knights went to
the earth. not for then they both lightly arose and dressed their
shields on their shoulders, with naked swords in their hands, and they
dashed together that it seemed a flaming fire about them. thus they
traced, and traversed, and hewed on helms and hauberks, and cut away
many cantels of their shields, and either wounded other passing sore,
so that the hot blood fell freshly upon the earth. and by then they had
foughten the mountenance of an hour sir tristram waxed faint and
for-bled, and gave sore aback. that saw sir elias, and followed
fiercely upon him, and wounded him in many places. and ever sir
tristram traced and traversed, and went froward him here and there, and
covered him with his shield as he might all weakly, that all men said
he was overcome; for sir elias had given him twenty strokes against
one.

then was there laughing of the sessoins’ party, and great dole on king
mark’s party. alas, said the king, we are ashamed and destroyed all for
ever: for as the book saith, sir tristram was never so matched, but if
it were sir launcelot. thus as they stood and beheld both parties, that
one party laughing and the other party weeping, sir tristram remembered
him of his lady, la beale isoud, that looked upon him, and how he was
likely never to come in her presence. then he pulled up his shield that
erst hung full low. and then he dressed up his shield unto elias, and
gave him many sad strokes, twenty against one, and all to-brake his
shield and his hauberk, that the hot blood ran down to the earth. then
began king mark to laugh, and all cornish men, and that other party to
weep. and ever sir tristram said to sir elias: yield thee.

then when sir tristram saw him so staggering on the ground, he said:
sir elias, i am right sorry for thee, for thou art a passing good
knight as ever i met withal, except sir launcelot. therewithal sir
elias fell to the earth, and there died. what shall i do, said sir
tristram unto king mark, for this battle is at an end? then they of
elias’ party departed, and king mark took of them many prisoners, to
redress the harms and the scathes that he had of them; and the remnant
he sent into their country to borrow out their fellows. then was sir
tristram searched and well healed. yet for all this king mark would
fain have slain sir tristram. but for all that ever sir tristram saw or
heard by king mark, yet would he never beware of his treason, but ever
he would be thereas la beale isoud was.




chapter xxxi. how at a great feast that king mark made an harper came
and sang the lay that dinadan had made.


now will we pass of this matter, and speak we of the harpers that sir
launcelot and sir dinadan had sent into cornwall. and at the great
feast that king mark made for joy that the sessoins were put out of his
country, then came eliot the harper with the lay that dinadan had made
and secretly brought it unto sir tristram, and told him the lay that
dinadan had made by king mark. and when sir tristram heard it, he said:
o lord jesu, that dinadan can make wonderly well and ill, thereas it
shall be. sir, said eliot, dare i sing this song afore king mark? yea,
on my peril, said sir tristram, for i shall be thy warrant. then at the
meat came in eliot the harper, and because he was a curious harper men
heard him sing the same lay that dinadan had made, the which spake the
most villainy by king mark of his treason that ever man heard.

when the harper had sung his song to the end king mark was wonderly
wroth, and said: thou harper, how durst thou be so bold on thy head to
sing this song afore me. sir, said eliot, wit you well i am a minstrel,
and i must do as i am commanded of these lords that i bear the arms of.
and sir, wit ye well that sir dinadan, a knight of the table round,
made this song, and made me to sing it afore you. thou sayest well,
said king mark, and because thou art a minstrel thou shalt go quit, but
i charge thee hie thee fast out of my sight. so the harper departed and
went to sir tristram, and told him how he had sped. then sir tristram
let make letters as goodly as he could to launcelot and to sir dinadan.
and so he let conduct the harper out of the country. but to say that
king mark was wonderly wroth, he was, for he deemed that the lay that
was sung afore him was made by sir tristram’s counsel, wherefore he
thought to slay him and all his well-willers in that country.




chapter xxxii. how king mark slew by treason his brother boudwin, for
good service that he had done to him.


now turn we to another matter that fell between king mark and his
brother, that was called the good prince boudwin, that all the people
of the country loved passing well. so it befell on a time that the
miscreant saracens landed in the country of cornwall soon after these
sessoins were gone. and then the good prince boudwin, at the landing,
he raised the country privily and hastily. and or it were day he let
put wildfire in three of his own ships, and suddenly he pulled up the
sail, and with the wind he made those ships to be driven among the navy
of the saracens. and to make short tale, those three ships set on fire
all the ships, that none were saved. and at point of the day the good
prince boudwin with all his fellowship set on the miscreants with
shouts and cries, and slew to the number of forty thousand, and left
none alive.

when king mark wist this he was wonderly wroth that his brother should
win such worship. and because this prince was better beloved than he in
all that country, and that also boudwin loved well sir tristram,
therefore he thought to slay him. and thus, hastily, as a man out of
his wit, he sent for prince boudwin and anglides his wife, and bade
them bring their young son with them, that he might see him. all this
he did to the intent to slay the child as well as his father, for he
was the falsest traitor that ever was born. alas, for his goodness and
for his good deeds this gentle prince boudwin was slain. so when he
came with his wife anglides, the king made them fair semblant till they
had dined. and when they had dined king mark sent for his brother and
said thus: brother, how sped you when the miscreants arrived by you?
meseemeth it had been your part to have sent me word, that i might have
been at that journey, for it had been reason that i had had the honour
and not you. sir, said the prince boudwin, it was so that an i had
tarried till that i had sent for you those miscreants had destroyed my
country. thou liest, false traitor, said king mark, for thou art ever
about for to win worship from me, and put me to dishonour, and thou
cherishest that i hate. and therewith he struck him to the heart with a
dagger, that he never after spake word. then the lady anglides made
great dole, and swooned, for she saw her lord slain afore her face.
then was there no more to do but prince boudwin was despoiled and
brought to burial. but anglides privily gat her husband’s doublet and
his shirt, and that she kept secretly.

then was there much sorrow and crying, and great dole made sir
tristram, sir dinas, sir fergus, and so did all knights that were
there; for that prince was passingly well beloved. so la beale isoud
sent unto anglides, the prince boudwin’s wife, and bade her avoid
lightly or else her young son, alisander le orphelin, should be slain.
when she heard this, she took her horse and her child; and rode with
such poor men as durst ride with her.




chapter xxxiii. how anglides, boudwin’s wife, escaped with her young
son, alisander le orphelin, and came to the castle of arundel.


notwithstanding, when king mark had done this deed, yet he thought to
do more vengeance; and with his sword in his hand, he sought from
chamber to chamber, to seek anglides and her young son. and when she
was missed he called a good knight that hight sadok, and charged him by
pain of death to fetch anglides again and her young son. so sir sadok
departed and rode after anglides. and within ten mile he overtook her,
and bade her turn again and ride with him to king mark. alas, fair
knight, she said, what shall ye win by my son’s death or by mine? i
have had overmuch harm and too great a loss. madam, said sadok, of your
loss is dole and pity; but madam, said sadok, would ye depart out of
this country with your son, and keep him till he be of age, that he may
revenge his father’s death, then would i suffer you to depart from me,
so you promise me to revenge the death of prince boudwin. ah, gentle
knight, jesu thank thee, and if ever my son, alisander le orphelin,
live to be a knight, he shall have his father’s doublet and his shirt
with the bloody marks, and i shall give him such a charge that he shall
remember it while he liveth. and therewithal sadok departed from her,
and either betook other to god. and when sadok came to king mark he
told him faithfully that he had drowned young alisander her son; and
thereof king mark was full glad.

now turn we unto anglides, that rode both night and day by adventure
out of cornwall, and little and in few places she rested; but ever she
drew southward to the seaside, till by fortune she came to a castle
that is called magouns, and now it is called arundel, in sussex. and
the constable of the castle welcomed her, and said she was welcome to
her own castle; and there was anglides worshipfully received, for the
constable’s wife was nigh her cousin, and the constable’s name was
bellangere; and that same constable told anglides that the same castle
was hers by right inheritance. thus anglides endured years and winters,
till alisander was big and strong; there was none so wight in all that
country, neither there was none that might do no manner of mastery
afore him.




chapter xxxiv. how anglides gave the bloody doublet to alisander, her
son, the same day that he was made knight, and the charge withal.


then upon a day bellangere the constable came to anglides and said:
madam, it were time my lord alisander were made knight, for he is a
passing strong young man. sir, said she, i would he were made knight;
but then must i give him the most charge that ever sinful mother gave
to her child. do as ye list, said bellangere, and i shall give him
warning that he shall be made knight. now it will be well done that he
may be made knight at our lady day in lent. be it so, said anglides,
and i pray you make ready therefore. so came the constable to
alisander, and told him that he should at our lady day in lent be made
knight. i thank god, said alisander; these are the best tidings that
ever came to me. then the constable ordained twenty of the greatest
gentlemen’s sons, and the best born men of the country, that should be
made knights that same day that alisander was made knight. so on the
same day that alisander and his twenty fellows were made knights, at
the offering of the mass there came anglides unto her son and said
thus: o fair sweet son, i charge thee upon my blessing, and of the high
order of chivalry that thou takest here this day, that thou understand
what i shall say and charge thee withal. therewithal she pulled out a
bloody doublet and a bloody shirt, that were be-bled with old blood.
when alisander saw this he stert aback and waxed pale, and said: fair
mother, what may this mean? i shall tell thee, fair son: this was thine
own father’s doublet and shirt, that he wore upon him that same day
that he was slain. and there she told him why and wherefore, and how
for his goodness king mark slew him with his dagger afore mine own
eyen. and therefore this shall be your charge that i shall give thee.




chapter xxxv. how it was told to king mark of sir alisander, and how he
would have slain sir sadok for saving his life.


now i require thee, and charge thee upon my blessing, and upon the high
order of knighthood, that thou be revenged upon king mark for the death
of thy father. and therewithal she swooned. then alisander leapt to his
mother, and took her up in his arms, and said: fair mother, ye have
given me a great charge, and here i promise you i shall be avenged upon
king mark when that i may; and that i promise to god and to you. so
this feast was ended, and the constable, by the advice of anglides, let
purvey that alisander was well horsed and harnessed. then he jousted
with his twenty fellows that were made knights with him, but for to
make a short tale, he overthrew all those twenty, that none might
withstand him a buffet.

then one of those knights departed unto king mark, and told him all,
how alisander was made knight, and all the charge that his mother gave
him, as ye have heard afore time. alas, false treason, said king mark,
i weened that young traitor had been dead. alas, whom may i trust? and
therewithal king mark took a sword in his hand; and sought sir sadok
from chamber to chamber to slay him. when sir sadok saw king mark come
with his sword in his hand he said thus: beware, king mark, and come
not nigh me; for wit thou well that i saved alisander his life, of
which i never repent me, for thou falsely and cowardly slew his father
boudwin, traitorly for his good deeds; wherefore i pray almighty jesu
send alisander might and strength to be revenged upon thee. and now
beware king mark of young alisander, for he is made a knight. alas,
said king mark, that ever i should hear a traitor say so afore me. and
therewith four knights of king mark’s drew their swords to slay sir
sadok, but anon sir sadok slew them all in king mark’s presence. and
then sir sadok passed forth into his chamber, and took his horse and
his harness, and rode on his way a good pace. for there was neither sir
tristram, neither sir dinas, nor sir fergus, that would sir sadok any
evil will. then was king mark wroth, and thought to destroy sir
alisander and sir sadok that had saved him; for king mark dreaded and
hated alisander most of any man living.

when sir tristram understood that alisander was made knight, anon
forthwithal he sent him a letter, praying him and charging him that he
would draw him to the court of king arthur, and that he put him in the
rule and in the hands of sir launcelot. so this letter was sent to
alisander from his cousin, sir tristram. and at that time he thought to
do after his commandment. then king mark called a knight that brought
him the tidings from alisander, and bade him abide still in that
country. sir, said that knight, so must i do, for in my own country i
dare not come. no force, said king mark, i shall give thee here double
as much lands as ever thou hadst of thine own. but within short space
sir sadok met with that false knight, and slew him. then was king mark
wood wroth out of measure. then he sent unto queen morgan le fay, and
to the queen of northgalis, praying them in his letters that they two
sorceresses would set all the country in fire with ladies that were
enchantresses, and by such that were dangerous knights, as malgrin,
breuse saunce pité, that by no mean alisander le orphelin should
escape, but either he should be taken or slain. this ordinance made
king mark for to destroy alisander.




chapter xxxvi. how sir alisander won the prize at a tournament, and of
morgan le fay: and how he fought with sir malgrin, and slew him.


now turn we again unto sir alisander, that at his departing his mother
took with him his father’s bloody shirt. so that he bare with him
always till his death day, in tokening to think of his father’s death.
so was alisander purposed to ride to london, by the counsel of sir
tristram, to sir launcelot. and by fortune he went by the seaside, and
rode wrong. and there he won at a tournament the gree that king carados
made. and there he smote down king carados and twenty of his knights,
and also sir safere, a good knight that was sir palomides’ brother, the
good knight. all this saw a damosel, and saw the best knight joust that
ever she saw. and ever as he smote down knights he made them to swear
to wear none harness in a twelvemonth and a day. this is well said,
said morgan le fay, this is the knight that i would fain see. and so
she took her palfrey, and rode a great while, and then she rested her
in her pavilion. so there came four knights, two were armed, and two
were unarmed, and they told morgan le fay their names: the first was
elias de gomeret, the second was cari de gomeret, those were armed;
that other twain were of camiliard, cousins unto queen guenever, and
that one hight guy, and that other hight garaunt, those were unarmed.
there these four knights told morgan le fay how a young knight had
smitten them down before a castle. for the maiden of that castle said
that he was but late made knight, and young. but as we suppose, but if
it were sir tristram, or sir launcelot, or sir lamorak, the good
knight, there is none that might sit him a buffet with a spear. well,
said morgan le fay, i shall meet that knight or it be long time, an he
dwell in that country.

so turn we to the damosel of the castle, that when alisander le
orphelin had forjousted the four knights, she called him to her, and
said thus: sir knight, wilt thou for my sake joust and fight with a
knight, for my sake, of this country, that is and hath been long time
an evil neighbour to me? his name is malgrin, and he will not suffer me
to be married in no manner wise for all that i can do, or any knight
for my sake. damosel, said alisander, an he come whiles i am here i
will fight with him, and my poor body for your sake i will jeopard. and
therewithal she sent for him, for he was at her commandment. and when
either had a sight of other, they made them ready for to joust, and
they came together eagerly, and malgrin brised his spear upon
alisander, and alisander smote him again so hard that he bare him quite
from his saddle to the earth. but this malgrin arose lightly, and
dressed his shield and drew his sword, and bade him alight, saying:
though thou have the better of me on horseback, thou shalt find that i
shall endure like a knight on foot. it is well said, said alisander;
and so lightly he avoided his horse and betook him to his varlet. and
then they rushed together like two boars, and laid on their helms and
shields long time, by the space of three hours, that never man could
say which was the better knight.

and in the meanwhile came morgan le fay to the damosel of the castle,
and they beheld the battle. but this malgrin was an old roted knight,
and he was called one of the dangerous knights of the world to do
battle on foot, but on horseback there were many better. and ever this
malgrin awaited to slay alisander, and so wounded him wonderly sore,
that it was marvel that ever he might stand, for he had bled so much
blood; for alisander fought wildly, and not wittily. and that other was
a felonious knight, and awaited him, and smote him sore. and sometime
they rushed together with their shields, like two boars or rams, and
fell grovelling both to the earth. now knight, said malgrin, hold thy
hand a while, and tell me what thou art. i will not, said alisander,
but if me list: but tell me thy name, and why thou keepest this
country, or else thou shalt die of my hands. wit thou well, said
malgrin, that for this maiden’s love, of this castle, i have slain ten
good knights by mishap; and by outrage and orgulité of myself i have
slain ten other knights. so god me help, said alisander, this is the
foulest confession that ever i heard knight make, nor never heard i
speak of other men of such a shameful confession; wherefore it were
great pity and great shame unto me that i should let thee live any
longer; therefore keep thee as well as ever thou mayest, for as i am
true knight, either thou shalt slay me or else i shall slay thee, i
promise thee faithfully.

then they lashed together fiercely, and at the last alisander smote
malgrin to the earth. and then he raced off his helm, and smote off his
head lightly. and when he had done and ended this battle, anon he
called to him his varlet, the which brought him his horse. and then he,
weening to be strong enough, would have mounted. and so she laid sir
alisander in an horse litter, and led him into the castle, for he had
no foot nor might to stand upon the earth; for he had sixteen great
wounds, and in especial one of them was like to be his death.




chapter xxxvii. how queen morgan le fay had alisander in her castle,
and how she healed his wounds.


then queen morgan le fay searched his wounds, and gave such an ointment
unto him that he should have died. and on the morn when she came to him
he complained him sore; and then she put other ointments upon him, and
then he was out of his pain. then came the damosel of the castle, and
said unto morgan le fay: i pray you help me that this knight might wed
me, for he hath won me with his hands. ye shall see, said morgan le
fay, what i shall say. then morgan le fay went unto alisander, and bade
in anywise that he should refuse this lady, an she desire to wed you,
for she is not for you. so the damosel came and desired of him
marriage. damosel, said orphelin, i thank you, but as yet i cast me not
to marry in this country. sir, she said, sithen ye will not marry me, i
pray you insomuch as ye have won me, that ye will give me to a knight
of this country that hath been my friend, and loved me many years. with
all my heart, said alisander, i will assent thereto. then was the
knight sent for, his name was gerine le grose. and anon he made them
handfast, and wedded them.

then came queen morgan le fay to alisander, and bade him arise, and put
him in an horse litter, and gave him such a drink that in three days
and three nights he waked never, but slept; and so she brought him to
her own castle that at that time was called la beale regard. then
morgan le fay came to alisander, and asked him if he would fain be
whole. who would be sick, said alisander, an he might be whole? well,
said morgan le fay, then shall ye promise me by your knighthood that
this day twelvemonth and a day ye shall not pass the compass of this
castle, and without doubt ye shall lightly be whole. i assent, said sir
alisander. and there he made her a promise: then was he soon whole. and
when alisander was whole, then he repented him of his oath, for he
might not be revenged upon king mark. right so there came a damosel
that was cousin to the earl of pase, and she was cousin to morgan le
fay. and by right that castle of la beale regard should have been hers
by true inheritance. so this damosel entered into this castle where lay
alisander, and there she found him upon his bed, passing heavy and all
sad.




chapter xxxviii. how alisander was delivered from queen morgan le fay
by the means of a damosel.


sir knight, said the damosel, an ye would be merry i could tell you
good tidings. well were me, said alisander, an i might hear of good
tidings, for now i stand as a prisoner by my promise. sir, she said,
wit you well that ye be a prisoner, and worse than ye ween; for my
lady, my cousin queen morgan le fay, keepeth you here for none other
intent but for to do her pleasure with you when it liketh her. o jesu
defend me, said alisander, from such pleasure; for i had liefer cut
away my hangers than i would do her such pleasure. as jesu help me,
said the damosel, an ye would love me and be ruled by me, i shall make
your deliverance with your worship. tell me, said alisander, by what
means, and ye shall have my love. fair knight, said she, this castle of
right ought to be mine, and i have an uncle the which is a mighty earl,
he is earl of pase, and of all folks he hateth most morgan le fay; and
i shall send unto him and pray him for my sake to destroy this castle
for the evil customs that be used therein; and then will he come and
set wild-fire on every part of the castle, and i shall get you out at a
privy postern, and there shall ye have your horse and your harness. ye
say well, damosel, said alisander. and then she said: ye may keep the
room of this castle this twelvemonth and a day, then break ye not your
oath. truly, fair damosel, said alisander, ye say sooth. and then he
kissed her, and did to her pleasaunce as it pleased them both at times
and leisures.

so anon she sent unto her uncle and bade him come and destroy that
castle, for as the book saith, he would have destroyed that castle
afore time had not that damosel been. when the earl understood her
letters he sent her word again that on such a day he would come and
destroy that castle. so when that day came she showed alisander a
postern wherethrough he should flee into a garden, and there he should
find his armour and his horse. when the day came that was set, thither
came the earl of pase with four hundred knights, and set on fire all
the parts of the castle, that or they ceased they left not a stone
standing. and all this while that the fire was in the castle he abode
in the garden. and when the fire was done he let make a cry that he
would keep that piece of earth thereas the castle of la beale regard
was a twelvemonth and a day, from all manner knights that would come.

so it happed there was a duke that hight ansirus, and he was of the kin
of sir launcelot. and this knight was a great pilgrim, for every third
year he would be at jerusalem. and because he used all his life to go
in pilgrimage men called him duke ansirus the pilgrim. and this duke
had a daughter that hight alice, that was a passing fair woman, and
because of her father she was called alice la beale pilgrim. and anon
as she heard of this cry she went unto arthur’s court, and said openly
in hearing of many knights, that what knight may overcome that knight
that keepeth that piece of earth shall have me and all my lands.

when the knights of the round table heard her say thus many were glad,
for she was passing fair and of great rents. right so she let cry in
castles and towns as fast on her side as alisander did on his side.
then she dressed her pavilion straight by the piece of the earth that
alisander kept. so she was not so soon there but there came a knight of
arthur’s court that hight sagramore le desirous, and he proffered to
joust with alisander; and they encountered, and sagramore le desirous
brised his spear upon sir alisander, but sir alisander smote him so
hard that he avoided his saddle. and when la beale alice saw him joust
so well, she thought him a passing goodly knight on horseback. and then
she leapt out of her pavilion, and took sir alisander by the bridle,
and thus she said: fair knight, i require thee of thy knighthood show
me thy visage. i dare well, said alisander, show my visage. and then he
put off his helm; and she saw his visage, she said: o sweet jesu, thee
i must love, and never other. then show me your visage, said he.




chapter xxxix. how alisander met with alice la beale pilgrim, and how
he jousted with two knights; and after of him and of sir mordred.


then she unwimpled her visage. and when he saw her he said: here have i
found my love and my lady. truly, fair lady, said he, i promise you to
be your knight, and none other that beareth the life. now, gentle
knight, said she, tell me your name. my name is, said he, alisander le
orphelin. now, damosel, tell me your name, said he. my name is, said
she, alice la beale pilgrim. and when we be more at our heart’s ease,
both ye and i shall tell other of what blood we be come. so there was
great love betwixt them. and as they thus talked there came a knight
that hight harsouse le berbuse, and asked part of sir alisander’s
spears. then sir alisander encountered with him, and at the first sir
alisander smote him over his horse’s croup. and then there came another
knight that hight sir hewgon, and sir alisander smote him down as he
did that other. then sir hewgon proffered to do battle on foot. sir
alisander overcame him with three strokes, and there would have slain
him had he not yielded him. so then alisander made both those knights
to swear to wear none armour in a twelvemonth and a day.

then sir alisander alighted down, and went to rest him and repose him.
then the damosel that helped sir alisander out of the castle, in her
play told alice all together how he was prisoner in the castle of la
beale regard, and there she told her how she got him out of prison.
sir, said alice la beale pilgrim, meseemeth ye are much beholding to
this maiden. that is truth, said sir alisander. and there alice told
him of what blood she was come. sir, wit ye well, she said, that i am
of the blood of king ban, that was father unto sir launcelot. y-wis,
fair lady, said alisander, my mother told me that my father was brother
unto a king, and i nigh cousin unto sir tristram.

then this while came there three knights, that one hight vains, and the
other hight harvis de les marches, and the third hight perin de la
montaine. and with one spear sir alisander smote them down all three,
and gave them such falls that they had no list to fight upon foot. so
he made them to swear to wear none arms in a twelvemonth. so when they
were departed sir alisander beheld his lady alice on horseback as he
stood in her pavilion. and then was he so enamoured upon her that he
wist not whether he were on horseback or on foot.

right so came the false knight sir mordred, and saw sir alisander was
assotted upon his lady; and therewithal he took his horse by the
bridle, and led him here and there, and had cast to have led him out of
that place to have shamed him. when the damosel that helped him out of
that castle saw how shamefully he was led, anon she let arm her, and
set a shield upon her shoulder; and therewith she mounted upon his
horse, and gat a naked sword in her hand, and she thrust unto alisander
with all her might, and she gave him such a buffet that he thought the
fire flew out of his eyen. and when alisander felt that stroke he
looked about him, and drew his sword. and when she saw that, she fled,
and so did mordred into the forest, and the damosel fled into the
pavilion. so when alisander understood himself how the false knight
would have shamed him had not the damosel been then was he wroth with
himself that sir mordred was so escaped his hands. but then sir
alisander and alice had good game at the damosel, how sadly she hit him
upon the helm.

then sir alisander jousted thus day by day, and on foot he did many
battles with many knights of king arthur’s court, and with many knights
strangers. therefore to tell all the battles that he did it were
overmuch to rehearse, for every day within that twelvemonth he had ado
with one knight or with other, and some day he had ado with three or
with four; and there was never knight that put him to the worse. and at
the twelvemonth’s end he departed with his lady, alice la beale
pilgrim. and the damosel would never go from him, and so they went into
their country of benoye, and lived there in great joy.




chapter xl. how sir galahalt did do cry a jousts in surluse, and queen
guenever’s knights should joust against all that would come.


but as the book saith, king mark would never stint till he had slain
him by treason. and by alice he gat a child that hight bellengerus le
beuse. and by good fortune he came to the court of king arthur, and
proved a passing good knight; and he revenged his father’s death, for
the false king mark slew both sir tristram and alisander falsely and
feloniously. and it happed so that alisander had never grace nor
fortune to come to king arthur’s court. for an he had come to sir
launcelot, all knights said that knew him, he was one of the strongest
knights that was in arthur’s days, and great dole was made for him. so
let we of him pass, and turn we to another tale.

so it befell that sir galahalt, the haut prince, was lord of the
country of surluse, whereof came many good knights. and this noble
prince was a passing good man of arms, and ever he held a noble
fellowship together. and then he came to arthur’s court and told him
his intent, how this was his will, how he would let cry a jousts in the
country of surluse, the which country was within the lands of king
arthur, and there he asked leave to let cry a jousts. i will give you
leave, said king arthur; but wit thou well, said king arthur, i may not
be there. sir, said queen guenever, please it you to give me leave to
be at that jousts. with right good will, said arthur; for sir galahalt,
the haut prince, shall have you in governance. sir, said galahalt, i
will as ye will. sir, then the queen, i will take with me [sir
launcelot] and such knights as please me best. do as ye list, said king
arthur. so anon she commanded sir launcelot to make him ready with such
knights as he thought best.

so in every good town and castle of this land was made a cry, that in
the country of surluse sir galahalt should make a joust that should
last eight days, and how the haut prince, with the help of queen
guenever’s knights, should joust against all manner of men that would
come. when this cry was known, kings and princes, dukes and earls,
barons and noble knights, made them ready to be at that jousts. and at
the day of jousting there came in sir dinadan disguised, and did many
great deeds of arms.




chapter xli. how sir launcelot fought in the tournament, and how sir
palomides did arms there for a damosel.


then at the request of queen guenever and of king bagdemagus sir
launcelot came into the range, but he was disguised, and that was the
cause that few folk knew him; and there met with him sir ector de
maris, his own brother, and either brake their spears upon other to
their hands. and then either gat another spear. and then sir launcelot
smote down sir ector de maris, his own brother. that saw sir bleoberis,
and he smote sir launcelot such a buffet upon the helm that he wist not
well where he was. then sir launcelot was wrothy and smote sir
bleoberis so sore upon the helm that his head bowed down backward. and
he smote eft another buffet, that he avoided his saddle; and so he rode
by, and thrust forth to the thickest. when the king of northgalis saw
sir ector and bleoberis lie on the ground then was he wroth, for they
came on his party against them of surluse. so the king of northgalis
ran to sir launcelot, and brake a spear upon him all to pieces.
therewith sir launcelot overtook the king of northgalis, and smote him
such a buffet on the helm with his sword that he made him to avoid his
horse; and anon the king was horsed again. so both the king bagdemagus’
and the king of northgalis’ party hurled to other; and then began a
strong medley, but they of northgalis were far bigger.

when sir launcelot saw his party go to the worst he thrang into the
thickest press with a sword in his hand; and there he smote down on the
right hand and on the left hand, and pulled down knights and raced off
their helms, that all men had wonder that ever one knight might do such
deeds of arms. when sir meliagaunce, that was son unto king bagdemagus,
saw how sir launcelot fared he marvelled greatly. and when he
understood that it was he, he wist well that he was disguised for his
sake. then sir meliagaunce prayed a knight to slay sir launcelot’s
horse, either with sword or with spear. at that time king bagdemagus
met with a knight that hight sauseise, a good knight, to whom he said:
now fair sauseise, encounter with my son meliagaunce and give him large
payment, for i would he were well beaten of thy hands, that he might
depart out of this field. and then sir sauseise encountered with sir
meliagaunce, and either smote other down. and then they fought on foot,
and there sauseise had won sir meliagaunce, had there not come rescues.
so then the haut prince blew to lodging, and every knight unarmed him
and went to the great feast.

then in the meanwhile there came a damosel to the haut prince, and
complained that there was a knight that hight goneries that withheld
her all her lands. then the knight was there present, and cast his
glove to her or to any that would fight in her name. so the damosel
took up the glove all heavily for default of a champion. then there
came a varlet to her and said: damosel, will ye do after me? full fain,
said the damosel. then go you unto such a knight that lieth here beside
in an hermitage, and that followeth the questing beast, and pray him to
take the battle upon him, and anon i wot well he will grant you.

so anon she took her palfrey, and within a while she found that knight,
that was sir palomides. and when she required him he armed him and rode
with her, and made her to go to the haut prince, and to ask leave for
her knight to do battle. i will well, said the haut prince. then the
knights were ready in the field to joust on horseback; and either gat a
spear in their hands, and met so fiercely together that their spears
all to-shivered. then they flang out swords, and sir palomides smote
sir goneries down to the earth. and then he raced off his helm and
smote off his head. then they went to supper, and the damosel loved
palomides as paramour, but the book saith she was of his kin. so then
palomides disguised himself in this manner, in his shield he bare the
questing beast, and in all his trappings. and when he was thus ready,
he sent to the haut prince to give him leave to joust with other
knights, but he was adoubted of sir launcelot. the haut prince sent him
word again that he should be welcome, and that sir launcelot should not
joust with him. then sir galahalt, the haut prince, let cry what knight
somever he were that smote down sir palomides should have his damosel
to himself.




chapter xlii. how sir galahalt and palomides fought together, and of
sir dinadan and sir galahalt.


here beginneth the second day. anon as sir palomides came into the
field, sir galahalt, the haut prince, was at the range end, and met
with sir palomides, and he with him, with great spears. and then they
came so hard together that their spears all to-shivered, but sir
galahalt smote him so hard that he bare him backward over his horse,
but yet he lost not his stirrups. then they drew their swords and
lashed together many sad strokes, that many worshipful knights left
their business to behold them. but at the last sir galahalt, the haut
prince, smote a stroke of might unto palomides, sore upon the helm; but
the helm was so hard that the sword might not bite, but slipped and
smote off the head of the horse of sir palomides. when the haut prince
wist and saw the good knight fall unto the earth he was ashamed of that
stroke. and therewith he alighted down off his own horse, and prayed
the good knight, palomides, to take that horse of his gift, and to
forgive him that deed. sir, said palomides, i thank you of your great
goodness, for ever of a man of worship a knight shall never have
disworship; and so he mounted upon that horse, and the haut prince had
another anon. now, said the haut prince, i release to you that maiden,
for ye have won her. ah, said palomides, the damosel and i be at your
commandment.

so they departed, and sir galahalt did great deeds of arms. and right
so came dinadan and encountered with sir galahalt, and either came to
other so fast with their spears that their spears brake to their hands.
but dinadan had weened the haut prince had been more weary than he was.
and then he smote many sad strokes at the haut prince; but when dinadan
saw he might not get him to the earth he said: my lord, i pray you
leave me, and take another. the haut prince knew not dinadan, and left
goodly for his fair words. and so they departed; but soon there came
another and told the haut prince that it was dinadan. forsooth, said
the prince, therefore am i heavy that he is so escaped from me, for
with his mocks and japes now shall i never have done with him. and then
galahalt rode fast after him, and bade him: abide, dinadan, for king
arthur’s sake. nay, said dinadan, so god me help, we meet no more
together this day. then in that wrath the haut prince met with
meliagaunce, and he smote him in the throat that an he had fallen his
neck had broken; and with the same spear he smote down another knight.
then came in they of northgalis and many strangers, and were like to
have put them of surluse to the worse, for sir galahalt, the haut
prince, had ever much in hand. so there came the good knight, semound
the valiant, with forty knights, and he beat them all aback. then the
queen guenever and sir launcelot let blow to lodging, and every knight
unarmed him, and dressed him to the feast.




chapter xliii. how sir archade appealed sir palomides of treason, and
how sir palomides slew him.


when palomides was unarmed he asked lodging for himself and the
damosel. anon the haut prince commanded them to lodging. and he was not
so soon in his lodging but there came a knight that hight archade, he
was brother unto goneries that palomides slew afore in the damosel’s
quarrel. and this knight, archade, called sir palomides traitor, and
appealed him for the death of his brother. by the leave of the haut
prince, said palomides, i shall answer thee. when sir galahalt
understood their quarrel he bade them go to dinner: and as soon as ye
have dined look that either knight be ready in the field. so when they
had dined they were armed both, and took their horses, and the queen,
and the prince, and sir launcelot, were set to behold them; and so they
let run their horses, and there sir palomides bare archade on his spear
over his horse’s tail. and then palomides alighted and drew his sword,
but sir archade might not arise; and there sir palomides raced off his
helm, and smote off his head. then the haut prince and queen guenever
went unto supper. then king bagdemagus sent away his son meliagaunce
because sir launcelot should not meet with him, for he hated sir
launcelot, and that knew he not.




chapter xliv. of the third day, and how sir palomides jousted with sir
lamorak, and other things.


now beginneth the third day of jousting; and at that day king
bagdemagus made him ready; and there came against him king marsil, that
had in gift an island of sir galahalt the haut prince; and this island
had the name pomitain. then it befell that king bagdemagus and king
marsil of pomitain met together with spears, and king marsil had such a
buffet that he fell over his horse’s croup. then came there in a knight
of king marsil to revenge his lord, and king bagdemagus smote him down,
horse and man, to the earth. so there came an earl that hight arrouse,
and sir breuse, and an hundred knights with them of pomitain, and the
king of northgalis was with them; and all these were against them of
surluse. and then there began great battle, and many knights were cast
under horses’ feet. and ever king bagdemagus did best, for he first
began, and ever he held on. gaheris, gawaine’s brother, smote ever at
the face of king bagdemagus; and at the last king bagdemagus hurtled
down gaheris, horse and man.

then by adventure sir palomides, the good knight, met with sir blamore
de ganis, sir bleoberis’ brother. and either smote other with great
spears, that both their horses and knights fell to the earth. but sir
blamore had such a fall that he had almost broken his neck, for the
blood brast out at nose, mouth, and his ears, but at the last he
recovered well by good surgeons. then there came in the duke chaleins
of clarance; and in his governance there came a knight that hight elis
la noire; and there encountered with him king bagdemagus, and he smote
elis that he made him to avoid his saddle. so the duke chaleins of
clarance did there great deeds of arms, and of so late as he came in
the third day there was no man did so well except king bagdemagus and
sir palomides, that the prize was given that day to king bagdemagus.
and then they blew unto lodging, and unarmed them, and went to the
feast. right so came dinadan, and mocked and japed with king bagdemagus
that all knights laughed at him, for he was a fine japer, and well
loving all good knights.

so anon as they had dined there came a varlet bearing four spears on
his back; and he came to palomides, and said thus: here is a knight by
hath sent you the choice of four spears, and requireth you for your
lady’s sake to take that one half of these spears, and joust with him
in the field. tell him, said palomides, i will not fail him. when sir
galahalt wist of this, he bade palomides make him ready. so the queen
guenever, the haut prince, and sir launcelot, they were set upon
scaffolds to give the judgment of these two knights. then sir palomides
and the strange knight ran so eagerly together that their spears brake
to their hands. anon withal either of them took a great spear in his
hand and all to-shivered them in pieces. and then either took a greater
spear, and then the knight smote down sir palomides, horse and man, to
the earth. and as he would have passed over him the strange knight’s
horse stumbled and fell down upon palomides. then they drew their
swords and lashed together wonderly sore a great while.

then the haut prince and sir launcelot said they saw never two knights
fight better than they did; but ever the strange knight doubled his
strokes, and put palomides aback; therewithal the haut prince cried:
ho: and then they went to lodging. and when they were unarmed they knew
it was the noble knight sir lamorak. when sir launcelot knew that it
was sir lamorak he made much of him, for above all earthly men he loved
him best except sir tristram. then queen guenever commended him, and so
did all other good knights make much of him, except sir gawaine’s
brethren. then queen guenever said unto sir launcelot: sir, i require
you that an ye joust any more, that ye joust with none of the blood of
my lord arthur. so he promised he would not as at that time.




chapter xlv. of the fourth day, and of many great feats of arms.


here beginneth the fourth day. then came into the field the king with
the hundred knights, and all they of northgalis, and the duke chaleins
of clarance, and king marsil of pomitain, and there came safere,
palomides’ brother, and there he told him tidings of his mother. and
his name was called the earl, and so he appealed him afore king arthur:
for he made war upon our father and mother, and there i slew him in
plain battle. so they went into the field, and the damosel with them;
and there came to encounter again them sir bleoberis de ganis, and sir
ector de maris. sir palomides encountered with sir bleoberis, and
either smote other down. and in the same wise did sir safere and sir
ector, and the two couples did battle on foot. then came in sir
lamorak, and he encountered with the king with the hundred knights, and
smote him quite over his horse’s tail. and in the same wise he served
the king of northgalis, and also he smote down king marsil. and so or
ever he stint he smote down with his spear and with his sword thirty
knights. when duke chaleins saw lamorak do so great prowess he would
not meddle with him for shame; and then he charged all his knights in
pain of death that none of you touch him; for it were shame to all good
knights an that knight were shamed.

then the two kings gathered them together, and all they set upon sir
lamorak; and he failed them not, but rushed here and there, smiting on
the right hand and on the left, and raced off many helms, so that the
haut prince and queen guenever said they saw never knight do such deeds
of arms on horseback. alas, said launcelot to king bagdemagus, i will
arm me and help sir lamorak. and i will ride with you, said king
bagdemagus. and when they two were horsed they came to sir lamorak that
stood among thirty knights; and well was him that might reach him a
buffet, and ever he smote again mightily. then came there into the
press sir launcelot, and he threw down sir mador de la porte. and with
the truncheon of that spear he threw down many knights. and king
bagdemagus smote on the left hand and on the right hand marvellously
well. and then the three kings fled aback. therewithal then sir
galahalt let blow to lodging, and all the heralds gave sir lamorak the
prize. and all this while fought palomides, sir bleoberis, sir safere,
sir ector on foot; never were there four knights evener matched. and
then they were departed, and had unto their lodging, and unarmed them,
and so they went to the great feast.

but when sir lamorak was come into the court queen guenever took him in
her arms and said: sir, well have ye done this day. then came the haut
prince, and he made of him great joy, and so did dinadan, for he wept
for joy; but the joy that sir launcelot made of sir lamorak there might
no man tell. then they went unto rest, and on the morn the haut prince
let blow unto the field.




chapter xlvi. of the fifth day, and how sir lamorak behaved him.


here beginneth the fifth day. so it befell that sir palomides came in
the morntide, and proffered to joust thereas king arthur was in a
castle there besides surluse; and there encountered with him a
worshipful duke, and there sir palomides smote him over his horse’s
croup. and this duke was uncle unto king arthur. then sir elise’s son
rode unto palomides, and palomides served elise in the same wise. when
sir uwaine saw this he was wroth. then he took his horse and
encountered with sir palomides, and palomides smote him so hard that he
went to the earth, horse and man. and for to make a short tale, he
smote down three brethren of sir gawaine, that is for to say mordred,
gaheris, and agravaine. o jesu, said arthur, this is a great despite of
a saracen that he shall smite down my blood. and therewithal king
arthur was wood wroth, and thought to have made him ready to joust.

that espied sir lamorak, that arthur and his blood were discomfit; and
anon he was ready, and asked palomides if he would any more joust. why
should i not? said palomides. then they hurtled together, and brake
their spears, and all to-shivered them, that all the castle rang of
their dints. then either gat a greater spear in his hand, and they came
so fiercely together; but sir palomides’ spear all to-brast and sir
lamorak’s did hold. therewithal sir palomides lost his stirrups and lay
upright on his horse’s back. and then sir palomides returned again and
took his damosel, and sir safere returned his way.

so, when he was departed, king arthur came to sir lamorak and thanked
him of his goodness, and prayed him to tell him his name. sir, said
lamorak, wit thou well, i owe you my service, but as at this time i
will not abide here, for i see of mine enemies many about me. alas,
said arthur, now wot i well it is sir lamorak de galis. o lamorak,
abide with me, and by my crown i shall never fail thee: and not so
hardy in gawaine’s head, nor none of his brethren, to do thee any
wrong. sir, said sir lamorak, wrong have they done me, and to you both.
that is truth, said the king, for they slew their own mother and my
sister, the which me sore grieveth: it had been much fairer and better
that ye had wedded her, for ye are a king’s son as well as they. o
jesu, said the noble knight sir lamorak unto arthur, her death shall i
never forget. i promise you, and make mine avow unto god, i shall
revenge her death as soon as i see time convenable. and if it were not
at the reverence of your highness i should now have been revenged upon
sir gawaine and his brethren. truly, said arthur, i will make you at
accord. sir, said lamorak, as at this time i may not abide with you,
for i must to the jousts, where is sir launcelot, and the haut prince
sir galahalt.

then there was a damosel that was daughter to king bandes. and there
was a saracen knight that hight corsabrin, and he loved the damosel,
and in no wise he would suffer her to be married; for ever this
corsabrin noised her, and named her that she was out of her mind; and
thus he let her that she might not be married.




chapter xlvii. how sir palomides fought with corsabrin for a lady, and
how palomides slew corsabrin.


so by fortune this damosel heard tell that palomides did much for
damosels’ sake; so she sent to him a pensel, and prayed him to fight
with sir corsabrin for her love, and he should have her and her lands
of her father’s that should fall to her. then the damosel sent unto
corsabrin, and bade him go unto sir palomides that was a paynim as well
as he, and she gave him warning that she had sent him her pensel, and
if he might overcome palomides she would wed him. when corsabrin wist
of her deeds then was he wood wroth and angry, and rode unto surluse
where the haut prince was, and there he found sir palomides ready, the
which had the pensel. so there they waged battle either with other
afore galahalt. well, said the haut prince, this day must noble knights
joust, and at-after dinner we shall see how ye can speed.

then they blew to jousts; and in came dinadan, and met with sir gerin,
a good knight, and he threw him down over his horse’s croup; and sir
dinadan overthrew four knights more; and there he did great deeds of
arms, for he was a good knight, but he was a scoffer and a japer, and
the merriest knight among fellowship that was that time living. and he
had such a custom that he loved every good knight, and every good
knight loved him again. so then when the haut prince saw dinadan do so
well, he sent unto sir launcelot and bade him strike down sir dinadan:
and when that ye have done so bring him afore me and the noble queen
guenever. then sir launcelot did as he was required. then sir lamorak
and he smote down many knights, and raced off helms, and drove all the
knights afore them. and so sir launcelot smote down sir dinadan, and
made his men to unarm him, and so brought him to the queen and the haut
prince, and they laughed at dinadan so sore that they might not stand.
well, said sir dinadan, yet have i no shame, for the old shrew, sir
launcelot, smote me down. so they went to dinner, [and] all the court
had good sport at dinadan.

then when the dinner was done they blew to the field to behold sir
palomides and corsabrin. sir palomides pight his pensel in midst of the
field; and then they hurtled together with their spears as it were
thunder, and either smote other to the earth. and then they pulled out
their swords, and dressed their shields, and lashed together mightily
as mighty knights, that well-nigh there was no piece of harness would
hold them, for this corsabrin was a passing felonious knight.
corsabrin, said palomides, wilt thou release me yonder damosel and the
pensel? then was corsabrin wroth out of measure, and gave palomides
such a buffet that he kneeled on his knee. then palomides arose
lightly, and smote him upon the helm that he fell down right to the
earth. and therewith he raced off his helm and said: corsabrin, yield
thee or else thou shalt die of my hands. fie on thee, said corsabrin,
do thy worst. then he smote off his head. and therewithal came a stink
of his body when the soul departed, that there might nobody abide the
savour. so was the corpse had away and buried in a wood, because he was
a paynim. then they blew unto lodging, and palomides was unarmed.

then he went unto queen guenever, to the haut prince, and to sir
launcelot. sir, said the haut prince, here have ye seen this day a
great miracle by corsabrin, what savour there was when the soul
departed from the body. therefore, sir, we will require you to take the
baptism upon you, and i promise you all knights will set the more by
you, and say more worship by you. sir, said palomides, i will that ye
all know that into this land i came to be christened, and in my heart i
am christened and christened will i be. but i have made such an avow
that i may not be christened till i have done seven true battles for
jesu’s sake, and then will i be christened; and i trust god will take
mine intent, for i mean truly. then sir palomides prayed queen guenever
and the haut prince to sup with him. and so they did, both sir
launcelot and sir lamorak, and many other good knights. so on the morn
they heard their mass, and blew the field, and then knights made them
ready.




chapter xlviii. of the sixth day, and what then was done.


here beginneth the sixth day. then came therein sir gaheris, and there
encountered with him sir ossaise of surluse, and sir gaheris smote him
over his horse’s croup. and then either party encountered with other,
and there were many spears broken, and many knights cast under feet. so
there came in sir dornard and sir aglovale, that were brethren unto sir
lamorak, and they met with other two knights, and either smote other so
hard that all four knights and horses fell to the earth. when sir
lamorak saw his two brethren down he was wroth out of measure, and then
he gat a great spear in his hand, and therewithal he smote down four
good knights, and then his spear brake. then he pulled out his sword,
and smote about him on the right hand and on the left hand, and raced
off helms and pulled down knights, that all men marvelled of such deeds
of arms as he did, for he fared so that many knights fled. then he
horsed his brethren again, and said: brethren, ye ought to be ashamed
to fall so off your horses! what is a knight but when he is on
horseback? i set not by a knight when he is on foot, for all battles on
foot are but pillers’ battles. for there should no knight fight on foot
but if it were for treason, or else he were driven thereto by force;
therefore, brethren, sit fast on your horses, or else fight never more
afore me.

with that came in the duke chaleins of clarance, and there encountered
with him the earl ulbawes of surluse, and either of them smote other
down. then the knights of both parties horsed their lords again, for
sir ector and bleoberis were on foot, waiting on the duke chaleins. and
the king with the hundred knights was with the earl of ulbawes. with
that came gaheris and lashed to the king with the hundred knights, and
he to him again. then came the duke chaleins and departed them.

then they blew to lodging, and the knights unarmed them and drew them
to their dinner; and at the midst of their dinner in came dinadan and
began to rail. then he beheld the haut prince, that seemed wroth with
some fault that he saw; for he had a custom he loved no fish, and
because he was served with fish, the which he hated, therefore he was
not merry. when sir dinadan had espied the haut prince, he espied where
was a fish with a great head, and that he gat betwixt two dishes, and
served the haut prince with that fish. and then he said thus: sir
galahalt, well may i liken you to a wolf, for he will never eat fish,
but flesh; then the haut prince laughed at his words. well, well, said
dinadan to launcelot, what devil do ye in this country, for here may no
mean knights win no worship for thee. sir dinadan, said launcelot, i
ensure thee i shall no more meet with thee nor with thy great spear,
for i may not sit in my saddle when that spear hitteth me. and if i be
happy i shall beware of that boistous body that thou bearest. well,
said launcelot, make good watch ever: god forbid that ever we meet but
if it be at a dish of meat. then laughed the queen and the haut prince,
that they might not sit at their table; thus they made great joy till
on the morn, and then they heard mass, and blew to field. and queen
guenever and all the estates were set, and judges armed clean with
their shields to keep the right.




chapter xlix. of the seventh battle, and how sir launcelot, being
disguised like a maid, smote down sir dinadan.


now beginneth the seventh battle. there came in the duke cambines, and
there encountered with him sir aristance, that was counted a good
knight, and they met so hard that either bare other down, horse and
man. then came there the earl of lambaile and helped the duke again to
horse. then came there sir ossaise of surluse, and he smote the earl
lambaile down from his horse. then began they to do great deeds of
arms, and many spears were broken, and many knights were cast to the
earth. then the king of northgalis and the earl ulbawes smote together
that all the judges thought it was like mortal death. this meanwhile
queen guenever, and the haut prince, and sir launcelot, made there sir
dinadan make him ready to joust. i would, said dinadan, ride into the
field, but then one of you twain will meet with me. per dieu, said the
haut prince, ye may see how we sit here as judges with our shields, and
always mayest thou behold whether we sit here or not.

so sir dinadan departed and took his horse, and met with many knights,
and did passing well. and as he was departed, sir launcelot disguised
himself, and put upon his armour a maiden’s garment freshly attired.
then sir launcelot made sir galihodin to lead him through the range,
and all men had wonder what damosel it was. and so as sir dinadan came
into the range, sir launcelot, that was in the damosel’s array, gat
galihodin’s spear, and ran unto sir dinadan. and always sir dinadan
looked up thereas sir launcelot was, and then he saw one sit in the
stead of sir launcelot, armed. but when dinadan saw a manner of a
damosel he dread perils that it was sir launcelot disguised, but sir
launcelot came on him so fast that he smote him over his horse’s croup;
and then with great scorns they gat sir dinadan into the forest there
beside, and there they dispoiled him unto his shirt, and put upon him a
woman’s garment, and so brought him into the field: and so they blew
unto lodging. and every knight went and unarmed them. then was sir
dinadan brought in among them all. and when queen guenever saw sir
dinadan brought so among them all, then she laughed that she fell down,
and so did all that there were. well, said dinadan to launcelot, thou
art so false that i can never beware of thee. then by all the assent
they gave sir launcelot the prize, the next was sir lamorak de galis,
the third was sir palomides, the fourth was king bagdemagus; so these
four knights had the prize, and there was great joy, and great nobley
in all the court.

and on the morn queen guenever and sir launcelot departed unto king
arthur, but in no wise sir lamorak would not go with them. i shall
undertake, said sir launcelot, that an ye will go with us king arthur
shall charge sir gawaine and his brethren never to do you hurt. as for
that, said sir lamorak, i will not trust sir gawaine nor none of his
brethren; and wit ye well, sir launcelot, an it were not for my lord
king arthur’s sake, i should match sir gawaine and his brethren well
enough. but to say that i should trust them, that shall i never, and
therefore i pray you recommend me unto my lord arthur, and unto all my
lords of the round table. and in what place that ever i come i shall do
you service to my power: and sir, it is but late that i revenged that,
when my lord arthur’s kin were put to the worse by sir palomides. then
sir lamorak departed from sir launcelot, and either wept at their
departing.




chapter l. how by treason sir tristram was brought to a tournament for
to have been slain, and how he was put in prison.


now turn we from this matter, and speak we of sir tristram, of whom
this book is principally of, and leave we the king and the queen, sir
launcelot, and sir lamorak, and here beginneth the treason of king
mark, that he ordained against sir tristram. there was cried by the
coasts of cornwall a great tournament and jousts, and all was done by
sir galahalt the haut prince and king bagdemagus, to the intent to slay
launcelot, or else utterly destroy him and shame him, because sir
launcelot had always the higher degree, therefore this prince and this
king made this jousts against sir launcelot. and thus their counsel was
discovered unto king mark, whereof he was full glad.

then king mark bethought him that he would have sir tristram unto that
tournament disguised that no man should know him, to that intent that
the haut prince should ween that sir tristram were sir launcelot. so at
these jousts came in sir tristram. and at that time sir launcelot was
not there, but when they saw a knight disguised do such deeds of arms,
they weened it had been sir launcelot. and in especial king mark said
it was sir launcelot plainly. then they set upon him, both king
bagdemagus, and the haut prince, and their knights, that it was wonder
that ever sir tristram might endure that pain. notwithstanding for all
the pain that he had, sir tristram won the degree at that tournament,
and there he hurt many knights and bruised them, and they hurt him and
bruised him wonderly sore. so when the jousts were all done they knew
well that it was sir tristram de liones; and all that were on king
mark’s party were glad that sir tristram was hurt, and the remnant were
sorry of his hurt; for sir tristram was not so behated as was sir
launcelot within the realm of england.

then came king mark unto sir tristram and said: fair nephew, i am sorry
of your hurts. gramercy my lord, said sir tristram. then king mark made
sir tristram to be put in an horse bier in great sign of love, and
said: fair cousin, i shall be your leech myself. and so he rode forth
with sir tristram, and brought him to a castle by daylight. and then
king mark made sir tristram to eat. and then after he gave him a drink,
the which as soon as he had drunk he fell asleep. and when it was night
he made him to be carried to another castle, and there he put him in a
strong prison, and there he ordained a man and a woman to give him his
meat and drink. so there he was a great while.

then was sir tristram missed, and no creature wist where he was become.
when la beale isoud heard how he was missed, privily she went unto sir
sadok, and prayed him to espy where was sir tristram. then when sadok
wist how sir tristram was missed, and anon espied that he was put in
prison by king mark and the traitors of magouns, then sadok and two of
his cousins laid them in an ambushment, fast by the castle of tintagil,
in arms. and as by fortune, there came riding king mark and four of his
nephews, and a certain of the traitors of magouns. when sir sadok
espied them he brake out of the bushment, and set there upon them. and
when king mark espied sir sadok he fled as fast as he might, and there
sir sadok slew all the four nephews unto king mark. but these traitors
of magouns slew one of sadok’s cousins with a great wound in the neck,
but sadok smote the other to the death. then sir sadok rode upon his
way unto a castle that was called liones, and there he espied of the
treason and felony of king mark. so they of that castle rode with sir
sadok till that they came to a castle that hight arbray, and there in
the town they found sir dinas the seneschal, that was a good knight.
but when sir sadok had told sir dinas of all the treason of king mark
he defied such a king, and said he would give up his lands that he held
of him. and when he said these words all manner knights said as sir
dinas said. then by his advice and of sir sadok’s, he let stuff all the
towns and castles within the country of liones, and assembled all the
people that they might make.




chapter li. how king mark let do counterfeit letters from the pope, and
how sir percivale delivered sir tristram out of prison.


now turn we unto king mark, that when he was escaped from sir sadok he
rode unto the castle of tintagil, and there he made great cry and
noise, and cried unto harness all that might bear arms. then they
sought and found where were dead four cousins of king mark’s, and the
traitor of magouns. then the king let inter them in a chapel. then the
king let cry in all the country that held of him, to go unto arms, for
he understood to the war he must needs. when king mark heard and
understood how sir sadok and sir dinas were arisen in the country of
liones he remembered of wiles and treason. lo thus he did: he let make
and counterfeit letters from the pope, and did make a strange clerk to
bear them unto king mark; the which letters specified that king mark
should make him ready, upon pain of cursing, with his host to come to
the pope, to help to go to jerusalem, for to make war upon the
saracens.

when this clerk was come by the mean of the king, anon withal king mark
sent these letters unto sir tristram and bade him say thus: that an he
would go war upon the miscreants, he should be had out of prison, and
to have all his power. when sir tristram understood this letter, then
he said thus to the clerk: ah, king mark, ever hast thou been a
traitor, and ever will be; but, clerk, said sir tristram, say thou thus
unto king mark: since the apostle pope hath sent for him, bid him go
thither himself; for tell him, traitor king as he is, i will not go at
his commandment, get i out of prison as i may, for i see i am well
rewarded for my true service. then the clerk returned unto king mark,
and told him of the answer of sir tristram. well, said king mark, yet
shall he be beguiled. so he went into his chamber, and counterfeit
letters; and the letters specified that the pope desired sir tristram
to come himself, to make war upon the miscreants. when the clerk was
come again to sir tristram and took him these letters, then sir
tristram beheld these letters, and anon espied they were of king mark’s
counterfeiting. ah, said sir tristram, false hast thou been ever, king
mark, and so wilt thou end. then the clerk departed from sir tristram
and came to king mark again.

by then there were come four wounded knights within the castle of
tintagil, and one of them his neck was nigh broken in twain. another
had his arm stricken away, the third was borne through with a spear,
the fourth had his teeth stricken in twain. and when they came afore
king mark they cried and said: king, why fleest thou not, for all this
country is arisen clearly against thee? then was king mark wroth out of
measure.

and in the meanwhile there came into the country sir percivale de galis
to seek sir tristram. and when he heard that sir tristram was in
prison, sir percivale made clearly the deliverance of sir tristram by
his knightly means. and when he was so delivered he made great joy of
sir percivale, and so each one of other. sir tristram said unto sir
percivale: an ye will abide in these marches i will ride with you. nay,
said percivale, in this country i may not tarry, for i must needs into
wales. so sir percivale departed from sir tristram, and rode straight
unto king mark, and told him how he had delivered sir tristram; and
also he told the king that he had done himself great shame for to put
sir tristram in prison, for he is now the knight of most renown in this
world living. and wit thou well the noblest knights of the world love
sir tristram, and if he will make war upon you ye may not abide it.
that is truth, said king mark, but i may not love sir tristram because
he loveth my queen and my wife, la beale isoud. ah, fie for shame, said
sir percivale, say ye never so more. are ye not uncle unto sir
tristram, and he your nephew? ye should never think that so noble a
knight as sir tristram is, that he would do himself so great a villainy
to hold his uncle’s wife; howbeit, said sir percivale, he may love your
queen sinless, because she is called one of the fairest ladies of the
world.

then sir percivale departed from king mark. so when he was departed
king mark bethought him of more treason: notwithstanding king mark
granted sir percivale never by no manner of means to hurt sir tristram.
so anon king mark sent unto sir dinas the seneschal that he should put
down all the people that he had raised, for he sent him an oath that he
would go himself unto the pope of rome to war upon the miscreants; and
this is a fairer war than thus to arise the people against your king.
when sir dinas understood that king mark would go upon the miscreants,
then sir dinas in all the haste put down all the people; and when the
people were departed every man to his home, then king mark espied where
was sir tristram with la beale isoud; and there by treason king mark
let take him and put him in prison, contrary to his promise that he
made unto sir percivale.

when queen isoud understood that sir tristram was in prison she made as
great sorrow as ever made lady or gentlewoman. then sir tristram sent a
letter unto la beale isoud, and prayed her to be his good lady; and if
it pleased her to make a vessel ready for her and him, he would go with
her unto the realm of logris, that is this land. when la beale isoud
understood sir tristram’s letters and his intent, she sent him another,
and bade him be of good comfort, for she would do make the vessel
ready, and all thing to purpose.

then la beale isoud sent unto sir dinas, and to sadok, and prayed them
in anywise to take king mark, and put him in prison, unto the time that
she and sir tristram were departed unto the realm of logris. when sir
dinas the seneschal understood the treason of king mark he promised her
again, and sent her word that king mark should be put in prison. and as
they devised it so it was done. and then sir tristram was delivered out
of prison; and anon in all the haste queen isoud and sir tristram went
and took their counsel with that they would have with them when they
departed.




chapter lii. how sir tristram and la beale isoud came unto england, and
how sir launcelot brought them to joyous gard.


then la beale isoud and sir tristram took their vessel, and came by
water into this land. and so they were not in this land four days but
there came a cry of a jousts and tournament that king arthur let make.
when sir tristram heard tell of that tournament he disguised himself,
and la beale isoud, and rode unto that tournament. and when he came
there he saw many knights joust and tourney; and so sir tristram
dressed him to the range, and to make short conclusion, he overthrew
fourteen knights of the round table. when sir launcelot saw these
knights thus overthrown, sir launcelot dressed him to sir tristram.
that saw la beale isoud how sir launcelot was come into the field. then
la beale isoud sent unto sir launcelot a ring, and bade him wit that it
was sir tristram de liones. when sir launcelot under stood that there
was sir tristram he was full glad, and would not joust. then sir
launcelot espied whither sir tristram yede, and after him he rode; and
then either made of other great joy. and so sir launcelot brought sir
tristram and la beale isoud unto joyous gard, that was his own castle,
that he had won with his own hands. and there sir launcelot put them in
to wield for their own. and wit ye well that castle was garnished and
furnished for a king and a queen royal there to have sojourned. and sir
launcelot charged all his people to honour them and love them as they
would do himself.

so sir launcelot departed unto king arthur; and then he told queen
guenever how he that jousted so well at the last tournament was sir
tristram. and there he told her how he had with him la beale isoud
maugre king mark, and so queen guenever told all this unto king arthur.
when king arthur wist that sir tristram was escaped and come from king
mark, and had brought la beale isoud with him, then was he passing
glad. so because of sir tristram king arthur let make a cry, that on
may day should be a jousts before the castle of lonazep; and that
castle was fast by joyous gard. and thus arthur devised, that all the
knights of this land, and of cornwall, and of north wales, should joust
against all these countries, ireland, scotland, and the remnant of
wales, and the country of gore, and surluse, and of listinoise, and
they of northumberland, and all they that held lands of arthur on this
half the sea. when this cry was made many knights were glad and many
were unglad. sir, said launcelot unto arthur, by this cry that ye have
made ye will put us that be about you in great jeopardy, for there be
many knights that have great envy to us; therefore when we shall meet
at the day of jousts there will be hard shift among us. as for that,
said arthur, i care not; there shall we prove who shall be best of his
hands. so when sir launcelot understood wherefore king arthur made this
jousting, then he made such purveyance that la beale isoud should
behold the jousts in a secret place that was honest for her estate.

now turn we unto sir tristram and to la beale isoud, how they made
great joy daily together with all manner of mirths that they could
devise; and every day sir tristram would go ride a-hunting, for sir
tristram was that time called the best chaser of the world, and the
noblest blower of an horn of all manner of measures; for as books
report, of sir tristram came all the good terms of venery and hunting,
and all the sizes and measures of blowing of an horn; and of him we had
first all the terms of hawking, and which were beasts of chase and
beasts of venery, and which were vermins, and all the blasts that long
to all manner of games. first to the uncoupling, to the seeking, to the
rechate, to the flight, to the death, and to strake, and many other
blasts and terms, that all manner of gentlemen have cause to the
world’s end to praise sir tristram, and to pray for his soul.




chapter liii. how by the counsel of la beale isoud sir tristram rode
armed, and how he met with sir palomides.


so on a day la beale isoud said unto sir tristram: i marvel me much,
said she, that ye remember not yourself, how ye be here in a strange
country, and here be many perilous knights; and well ye wot that king
mark is full of treason; and that ye will ride thus to chase and to
hunt unarmed ye might be destroyed. my fair lady and my love, i cry you
mercy, i will no more do so. so then sir tristram rode daily a-hunting
armed, and his men bearing his shield and his spear. so on a day a
little afore the month of may, sir tristram chased an hart passing
eagerly, and so the hart passed by a fair well. and then sir tristram
alighted and put off his helm to drink of that bubbly water. right so
he heard and saw the questing beast come to the well. when sir tristram
saw that beast he put on his helm, for he deemed he should hear of sir
palomides, for that beast was his quest. right so sir tristram saw
where came a knight armed, upon a noble courser, and he saluted him,
and they spake of many things; and this knight’s name was breuse saunce
pité. and right so withal there came unto them the noble knight sir
palomides, and either saluted other, and spake fair to other.

fair knights, said sir palomides, i can tell you tidings. what is that?
said those knights. sirs, wit ye well that king mark is put in prison
by his own knights, and all was for love of sir tristram; for king mark
had put sir tristram twice in prison, and once sir percivale delivered
the noble knight sir tristram out of prison. and at the last time queen
la beale isoud delivered him, and went clearly away with him into this
realm; and all this while king mark, the false traitor, is in prison.
is this truth? said palomides; then shall we hastily hear of sir
tristram. and as for to say that i love la beale isoud paramours, i
dare make good that i do, and that she hath my service above all other
ladies, and shall have the term of my life.

and right so as they stood talking they saw afore them where came a
knight all armed, on a great horse, and one of his men bare his shield,
and the other his spear. and anon as that knight espied them he gat his
shield and his spear and dressed him to joust. fair fellows, said sir
tristram, yonder is a knight will joust with us, let see which of us
shall encounter with him, for i see well he is of the court of king
arthur. it shall not be long or he be met withal, said sir palomides,
for i found never no knight in my quest of this glasting beast, but an
he would joust i never refused him. as well may i, said breuse saunce
pité, follow that beast as ye. then shall ye do battle with me, said
palomides.

so sir palomides dressed him unto that other knight, sir bleoberis,
that was a full noble knight, nigh kin unto sir launcelot. and so they
met so hard that sir palomides fell to the earth, horse and all. then
sir bleoberis cried aloud and said thus: make thee ready thou false
traitor knight, breuse saunce pité, for wit thou certainly i will have
ado with thee to the utterance for the noble knights and ladies that
thou hast falsely betrayed. when this false knight and traitor, breuse
saunce pité, heard him say so, he took his horse by the bridle and fled
his way as fast as ever his horse might run, for sore he was of him
afeard. when sir bleoberis saw him flee he followed fast after, through
thick and through thin. and by fortune as sir breuse fled, he saw even
afore him three knights of the table round, of the which the one hight
sir ector de maris, the other hight sir percivale de galis, the third
hight sir harry le fise lake, a good knight and an hardy. and as for
sir percivale, he was called that time of his time one of the best
knights of the world, and the best assured. when breuse saw these
knights he rode straight unto them, and cried unto them and prayed them
of rescues. what need have ye? said sir ector. ah, fair knights, said
sir breuse, here followeth me the most traitor knight, and most coward,
and most of villainy; his name is breuse saunce pité, and if he may get
me he will slay me without mercy and pity. abide with us, said sir
percivale, and we shall warrant you.

then were they ware of sir bleoberis that came riding all that he
might. then sir ector put himself forth to joust afore them all. when
sir bleoberis saw that they were four knights and he but himself, he
stood in a doubt whether he would turn or hold his way. then he said to
himself: i am a knight of the table round, and rather than i should
shame mine oath and my blood i will hold my way whatsoever fall
thereof. and then sir ector dressed his spear, and smote either other
passing sore, but sir ector fell to the earth. that saw sir percivale,
and he dressed his horse toward him all that he might drive, but sir
percivale had such a stroke that horse and man fell to the earth. when
sir harry saw that they were both to the earth then he said to himself:
never was breuse of such prowess. so sir harry dressed his horse, and
they met together so strongly that both the horses and knights fell to
the earth, but sir bleoberis’ horse began to recover again. that saw
breuse and he came hurtling, and smote him over and over, and would
have slain him as he lay on the ground. then sir harry le fise lake
arose lightly, and took the bridle of sir breuse’s horse, and said: fie
for shame! strike never a knight when he is at the earth, for this
knight may be called no shameful knight of his deeds, for yet as men
may see thereas he lieth on the ground he hath done worshipfully, and
put to the worse passing good knights. therefore will i not let, said
sir breuse. thou shalt not choose, said sir harry, as at this time.
then when sir breuse saw that he might not choose nor have his will he
spake fair. then sir harry let him go. and then anon he made his horse
to run over sir bleoberis, and rashed him to the earth like if he would
have slain him. when sir harry saw him do so villainously he cried:
traitor knight, leave off for shame. and as sir harry would have taken
his horse to fight with sir breuse, then sir breuse ran upon him as he
was half upon his horse, and smote him down, horse and man, to the
earth, and had near slain sir harry, the good knight. that saw sir
percivale, and then he cried: traitor knight what dost thou? and when
sir percivale was upon his horse sir breuse took his horse and fled all
that ever he might, and sir percivale and sir harry followed after him
fast, but ever the longer they chased the farther were they behind.

then they turned again and came to sir ector de maris and to sir
bleoberis. ah, fair knights, said bleoberis, why have ye succoured that
false knight and traitor? why said sir harry, what knight is he? for
well i wot it is a false knight, said sir harry, and a coward and a
felonious knight. sir, said bleoberis, he is the most coward knight,
and a devourer of ladies and a destroyer of good knights and especially
of arthur’s. what is your name? said sir ector. my name is sir
bleoberis de ganis. alas, fair cousin, said ector, forgive it me, for i
am sir ector de maris. then sir percivale and sir harry made great joy
that they met with bleoberis, but all they were heavy that sir breuse
was escaped them, whereof they made great dole.




chapter liv. of sir palomides, and how he met with sir bleoberis and
with sir ector, and of sir pervivale.


right so as they stood thus there came sir palomides, and when he saw
the shield of bleoberis lie on the earth, then said palomides: he that
oweth that shield let him dress him to me, for he smote me down here
fast by at a fountain, and therefore i will fight for him on foot. i am
ready, said bleoberis, here to answer thee, for wit thou well, sir
knight, it was i, and my name is bleoberis de ganis. well art thou met,
said palomides, and wit thou well my name is palomides the saracen; and
either of them hated other to the death. sir palomides, said ector, wit
thou well there is neither thou nor none knight that beareth the life
that slayeth any of our blood but he shall die for it; therefore an
thou list to fight go seek sir launcelot or sir tristram, and there
shall ye find your match. with them have i met, said palomides, but i
had never no worship of them. was there never no manner of knight, said
sir ector, but they that ever matched with you? yes, said palomides,
there was the third, a good knight as any of them, and of his age he
was the best that ever i found; for an he might have lived till he had
been an hardier man there liveth no knight now such, and his name was
sir lamorak de galis. and as he had jousted at a tournament there he
overthrew me and thirty knights more, and there he won the degree. and
at his departing there met him sir gawaine and his brethren, and with
great pain they slew him feloniously, unto all good knights’ great
damage. anon as sir percivale heard that his brother was dead, sir
lamorak, he fell over his horse’s mane swooning, and there he made the
greatest dole that ever made knight. and when sir percivale arose he
said: alas, my good and noble brother sir lamorak, now shall we never
meet, and i trow in all the wide world a man may not find such a knight
as he was of his age; and it is too much to suffer the death of our
father king pellinore, and now the death of our good brother sir
lamorak.

then in the meanwhile there came a varlet from the court of king
arthur, and told them of the great tournament that should be at
lonazep, and how these lands, cornwall and northgalis, should be
against all them that would come.




chapter lv. how sir tristram met with sir dinadan, and of their
devices, and what he said to sir gawaine’s brethren.


now turn we unto sir tristram, that as he rode a-hunting he met with
sir dinadan, that was come into that country to seek sir tristram. then
sir dinadan told sir tristram his name, but sir tristram would not tell
him his name, wherefore sir dinadan was wroth. for such a foolish
knight as ye are, said sir dinadan, i saw but late this day lying by a
well, and he fared as he slept; and there he lay like a fool grinning,
and would not speak, and his shield lay by him, and his horse stood by
him; and well i wot he was a lover. ah, fair sir, said sir tristram are
ye not a lover? mary, fie on that craft! said sir dinadan. that is evil
said, said sir tristram, for a knight may never be of prowess but if he
be a lover. it is well said, said sir dinadan; now tell me your name,
sith ye be a lover, or else i shall do battle with you. as for that,
said sir tristram, it is no reason to fight with me but i tell you my
name; and as for that my name shall ye not wit as at this time. fie for
shame, said dinadan, art thou a knight and durst not tell thy name to
me? therefore i will fight with thee. as for that, said sir tristram, i
will be advised, for i will not do battle but if me list. and if i do
battle, said sir tristram, ye are not able to withstand me. fie on
thee, coward, said sir dinadan.

and thus as they hoved still, they saw a knight come riding against
them. lo, said sir tristram, see where cometh a knight riding will
joust with you. anon, as sir dinadan beheld him he said: that is the
same doted knight that i saw lie by the well, neither sleeping nor
waking. well, said sir tristram, i know that knight well with the
covered shield of azure, he is the king’s son of northumberland, his
name is epinegris; and he is as great a lover as i know, and he loveth
the king’s daughter of wales, a full fair lady. and now i suppose, said
sir tristram, an ye require him he will joust with you, and then shall
ye prove whether a lover be a better knight, or ye that will not love
no lady. well, said dinadan, now shalt thou see what i shall do.
therewithal sir dinadan spake on high and said: sir knight, make thee
ready to joust with me, for it is the custom of errant knights one to
joust with other. sir, said epinegris, is that the rule of you errant
knights for to make a knight to joust, will he or nill? as for that,
said dinadan, make thee ready, for here is for me. and therewithal they
spurred their horses and met together so hard that epinegris smote down
sir dinadan. then sir tristram rode to sir dinadan and said: how now,
meseemeth the lover hath well sped. fie on thee, coward, said sir
dinadan, and if thou be a good knight revenge me. nay, said sir
tristram, i will not joust as at this time, but take your horse and let
us go hence. god defend me, said sir dinadan, from thy fellowship, for
i never sped well since i met with thee: and so they departed. well,
said sir tristram, peradventure i could tell you tidings of sir
tristram. god defend me, said dinadan, from thy fellowship, for sir
tristram were mickle the worse an he were in thy company; and then they
departed. sir, said sir tristram, yet it may happen i shall meet with
you in other places.

so rode sir tristram unto joyous gard, and there he heard in that town
great noise and cry. what is this noise? said sir tristram. sir, said
they, here is a knight of this castle that hath been long among us, and
right now he is slain with two knights, and for none other cause but
that our knight said that sir launcelot were a better knight than sir
gawaine. that was a simple cause, said sir tristram, for to slay a good
knight for to say well by his master. that is little remedy to us, said
the men of the town. for an sir launcelot had been here soon we should
have been revenged upon the false knights.

when sir tristram heard them say so he sent for his shield and for his
spear, and lightly within a while he had overtaken them, and bade them
turn and amend that they had misdone. what amends wouldst thou have?
said the one knight. and therewith they took their course, and either
met other so hard that sir tristram smote down that knight over his
horse’s tail. then the other knight dressed him to sir tristram, and in
the same wise he served the other knight. and then they gat off their
horses as well as they might, and dressed their shields and swords to
do their battle to the utterance. knights, said sir tristram, ye shall
tell me of whence ye are, and what be your names, for such men ye might
be ye should hard escape my hands; and ye might be such men of such a
country that for all your evil deeds ye should pass quit. wit thou
well, sir knight, said they, we fear not to tell thee our names, for my
name is sir agravaine, and my name is gaheris, brethren unto the good
knight sir gawaine, and we be nephews unto king arthur. well, said sir
tristram, for king arthur’s sake i shall let you pass as at this time.
but it is shame, said sir tristram, that sir gawaine and ye be come of
so great a blood that ye four brethren are so named as ye be, for ye be
called the greatest destroyers and murderers of good knights that be
now in this realm; for it is but as i heard say that sir gawaine and ye
slew among you a better knight than ever ye were, that was the noble
knight sir lamorak de galis. an it had pleased god, said sir tristram,
i would i had been by sir lamorak at his death. then shouldst thou have
gone the same way, said sir gaheris. fair knight, said sir tristram,
there must have been many more knights than ye are. and therewithal sir
tristram departed from them toward joyous gard. and when he was
departed they took their horses, and the one said to the other: we will
overtake him and be revenged upon him in the despite of sir lamorak.




chapter lvi. how sir tristram smote down sir agravaine and sir gaheris,
and how sir dinadan was sent for by la beale isoud.


so when they had overtaken sir tristram, sir agravaine bade him: turn,
traitor knight. that is evil said, said sir tristram; and therewith he
pulled out his sword, and smote sir agravaine such a buffet upon the
helm that he tumbled down off his horse in a swoon, and he had a
grievous wound. and then he turned to gaheris, and sir tristram smote
his sword and his helm together with such a might that gaheris fell out
of his saddle: and so sir tristram rode unto joyous gard, and there he
alighted and unarmed him. so sir tristram told la beale isoud of all
his adventure, as ye have heard to-fore. and when she heard him tell of
sir dinadan: sir, said she, is not that he that made the song by king
mark? that same is he, said sir tristram, for he is the best bourder
and japer, and a noble knight of his hands, and the best fellow that i
know, and all good knights love his fellowship. alas, sir, said she,
why brought ye not him with you? have ye no care, said sir tristram,
for he rideth to seek me in this country; and therefore he will not
away till he have met with me. and there sir tristram told la beale
isoud how sir dinadan held against all lovers. right so there came in a
varlet and told sir tristram how there was come an errant knight into
the town, with such colours upon his shield. that is sir dinadan, said
sir tristram; wit ye what ye shall do, said sir tristram: send ye for
him, my lady isoud, and i will not be seen, and ye shall hear the
merriest knight that ever ye spake withal, and the maddest talker; and
i pray you heartily that ye make him good cheer.

then anon la beale isoud sent into the town, and prayed sir dinadan
that he would come into the castle and repose him there with a lady.
with a good will, said sir dinadan; and so he mounted upon his horse
and rode into the castle; and there he alighted, and was unarmed, and
brought into the castle. anon la beale isoud came unto him, and either
saluted other; then she asked him of whence that he was. madam, said
dinadan, i am of the court of king arthur, and knight of the table
round, and my name is sir dinadan. what do ye in this country? said la
beale isoud. madam, said he, i seek sir tristram the good knight, for
it was told me that he was in this country. it may well be, said la
beale isoud, but i am not ware of him. madam, said dinadan, i marvel of
sir tristram and mo other lovers, what aileth them to be so mad and so
sotted upon women. why, said la beale isoud, are ye a knight and be no
lover? it is shame to you: wherefore ye may not be called a good knight
[but] if ye make a quarrel for a lady. god defend me, said dinadan, for
the joy of love is too short, and the sorrow thereof, and what cometh
thereof, dureth over long. ah, said la beale isoud, say ye not so, for
here fast by was the good knight sir bleoberis, that fought with three
knights at once for a damosel’s sake, and he won her afore the king of
northumberland. it was so, said sir dinadan, for i know him well for a
good knight and a noble, and come of noble blood; for all be noble
knights of whom he is come of, that is sir launcelot du lake.

now i pray you, said la beale isoud, tell me will you fight for my love
with three knights that do me great wrong? and insomuch as ye be a
knight of king arthur’s i require you to do battle for me. then sir
dinadan said: i shall say you ye be as fair a lady as ever i saw any,
and much fairer than is my lady queen guenever, but wit ye well at one
word, i will not fight for you with three knights, jesu defend me. then
isoud laughed, and had good game at him. so he had all the cheer that
she might make him, and there he lay all that night. and on the morn
early sir tristram armed him, and la beale isoud gave him a good helm;
and then he promised her that he would meet with sir dinadan, and they
two would ride together into lonazep, where the tournament should be:
and there shall i make ready for you where ye shall see the tournament.
then departed sir tristram with two squires that bare his shield and
his spears that were great and long.




chapter lvii. how sir dinadan met with sir tristram, and with jousting
with sir palomides, sir dinadan knew him.


then after that sir dinadan departed, and rode his way a great pace
until he had overtaken sir tristram. and when sir dinadan had overtaken
him he knew him anon, and he hated the fellowship of him above all
other knights. ah, said sir dinadan, art thou that coward knight that i
met with yesterday? keep thee, for thou shalt joust with me maugre thy
head. well, said sir tristram, and i am loath to joust. and so they let
their horses run, and sir tristram missed of him a-purpose, and sir
dinadan brake a spear upon sir tristram, and therewith sir dinadan
dressed him to draw out his sword. not so, said sir tristram, why are
ye so wroth? i will not fight. fie on thee, coward, said dinadan, thou
shamest all knights. as for that, said sir tristram, i care not, for i
will wait upon you and be under your protection; for because ye are so
good a knight ye may save me. the devil deliver me of thee, said sir
dinadan, for thou art as goodly a man of arms and of thy person as ever
i saw, and the most coward that ever i saw. what wilt thou do with
those great spears that thou carriest with thee? i shall give them,
said sir tristram, to some good knight when i come to the tournament;
and if i see you do best, i shall give them to you.

so thus as they rode talking they saw where came an errant knight afore
them, that dressed him to joust. lo, said sir tristram, yonder is one
will joust; now dress thee to him. ah, shame betide thee, said sir
dinadan. nay, not so, said tristram, for that knight beseemeth a shrew.
then shall i, said sir dinadan. and so they dressed their shields and
their spears, and they met together so hard that the other knight smote
down sir dinadan from his horse. lo, said sir tristram, it had been
better ye had left. fie on thee, coward, said sir dinadan. then sir
dinadan started up and gat his sword in his hand, and proffered to do
battle on foot. whether in love or in wrath? said the other knight. let
us do battle in love, said sir dinadan. what is your name, said that
knight, i pray you tell me. wit ye well my name is sir dinadan. ah,
dinadan, said that knight, and my name is gareth, the youngest brother
unto sir gawaine. then either made of other great cheer, for this
gareth was the best knight of all the brethren, and he proved a good
knight. then they took their horses, and there they spake of sir
tristram, how such a coward he was; and every word sir tristram heard
and laughed them to scorn.

then were they ware where came a knight afore them well horsed and well
armed, and he made him ready to joust. fair knights, said sir tristram,
look betwixt you who shall joust with yonder knight, for i warn you i
will not have ado with him. then shall i, said sir gareth. and so they
encountered together, and there that knight smote down sir gareth over
his horse’s croup. how now, said sir tristram unto sir dinadan, dress
thee now and revenge the good knight gareth. that shall i not, said sir
dinadan, for he hath stricken down a much bigger knight than i am. ah,
said sir tristram, now sir dinadan, i see and feel well your heart
faileth you, therefore now shall ye see what i shall do. and then sir
tristram hurtled unto that knight, and smote him quite from his horse.
and when sir dinadan saw that, he marvelled greatly; and then he deemed
that it was sir tristram.

then this knight that was on foot pulled out his sword to do battle.
what is your name? said sir tristram. wit ye well, said that knight, my
name is sir palomides. what knight hate ye most? said sir tristram. sir
knight, said he, i hate sir tristram to the death, for an i may meet
with him the one of us shall die. ye say well, said sir tristram, and
wit ye well that i am sir tristram de liones, and now do your worst.
when sir palomides heard him say so he was astonied. and then he said
thus: i pray you, sir tristram, forgive me all mine evil will, and if i
live i shall do you service above all other knights that be living; and
whereas i have owed you evil will me sore repenteth. i wot not what
aileth me, for meseemeth that ye are a good knight, and none other
knight that named himself a good knight should not hate you; therefore
i require you, sir tristram, take no displeasure at mine unkind words.
sir palomides, said sir tristram, ye say well, and well i wot ye are a
good knight, for i have seen ye proved; and many great enterprises have
ye taken upon you, and well achieved them; therefore, said sir
tristram, an ye have any evil will to me, now may ye right it, for i am
ready at your hand. not so, my lord sir tristram, i will do you
knightly service in all thing as ye will command. and right so i will
take you, said sir tristram. and so they rode forth on their ways
talking of many things. o my lord sir tristram, said dinadan, foul have
ye mocked me, for god knoweth i came into this country for your sake,
and by the advice of my lord sir launcelot; and yet would not sir
launcelot tell me the certainty of you, where i should find you. truly,
said sir tristram, sir launcelot wist well where i was, for i abode
within his own castle.




chapter lviii. how they approached the castle lonazep, and of other
devices of the death of sir lamorak.


thus they rode until they were ware of the castle lonazep. and then
were they ware of four hundred tents and pavilions, and marvellous
great ordinance. so god me help, said sir tristram, yonder i see the
greatest ordinance that ever i saw. sir, said palomides, meseemeth that
there was as great an ordinance at the castle of maidens upon the rock,
where ye won the prize, for i saw myself where ye forjousted thirty
knights. sir, said dinadan, and in surluse, at that tournament that
galahalt of the long isles made, the which there dured seven days, was
as great a gathering as is here, for there were many nations. who was
the best? said sir tristram. sir, it was sir launcelot du lake and the
noble knight, sir lamorak de galis, and sir launcelot won the degree. i
doubt not, said sir tristram, but he won the degree, so he had not been
overmatched with many knights; and of the death of sir lamorak, said
sir tristram, it was over great pity, for i dare say he was the
cleanest mighted man and the best winded of his age that was alive; for
i knew him that he was the biggest knight that ever i met withal, but
if it were sir launcelot. alas, said sir tristram, full woe is me for
his death. and if they were not the cousins of my lord arthur that slew
him, they should die for it, and all those that were consenting to his
death. and for such things, said sir tristram, i fear to draw unto the
court of my lord arthur; i will that ye wit it, said sir tristram unto
gareth.

sir, i blame you not, said gareth, for well i understand the vengeance
of my brethren sir gawaine, agravaine, gaheris, and mordred. but as for
me, said sir gareth, i meddle not of their matters, therefore there is
none of them that loveth me. and for i understand they be murderers of
good knights i left their company; and god would i had been by, said
gareth, when the noble knight, sir lamorak, was slain.

now as jesu be my help, said sir tristram, it is well said of you, for
i had liefer than all the gold betwixt this and rome i had been there.

iwis, said palomides, and so would i had been there, and yet had i
never the degree at no jousts nor tournament thereas he was, but he put
me to the worse, or on foot or on horseback; and that day that he was
slain he did the most deeds of arms that ever i saw knight do in all my
life days. and when him was given the degree by my lord arthur, sir
gawaine and his three brethren, agravaine, gaheris, and sir mordred,
set upon sir lamorak in a privy place, and there they slew his horse.
and so they fought with him on foot more than three hours, both before
him and behind him; and sir mordred gave him his death wound behind him
at his back, and all to-hew him: for one of his squires told me that
saw it. fie upon treason, said sir tristram, for it killeth my heart to
hear this tale. so it doth mine, said gareth; brethren as they be mine
i shall never love them, nor draw in their fellowship for that deed.

now speak we of other deeds, said palomides, and let him be, for his
life ye may not get again. that is the more pity, said dinadan, for sir
gawaine and his brethren, except you sir gareth, hate all the good
knights of the round table for the most part; for well i wot an they
might privily, they hate my lord sir launcelot and all his kin, and
great privy despite they have at him; and that is my lord sir launcelot
well ware of, and that causeth him to have the good knights of his kin
about him.




chapter lix. how they came to humber bank, and how they found a ship
there, wherein lay the body of king hermance.


sir, said palomides, let us leave of this matter, and let us see how we
shall do at this tournament. by mine advice, said palomides, let us
four hold together against all that will come. not by my counsel, said
sir tristram, for i see by their pavilions there will be four hundred
knights, and doubt ye not, said sir tristram, but there will be many
good knights; and be a man never so valiant nor so big, yet he may be
overmatched. and so have i seen knights done many times; and when they
weened best to have won worship they lost it, for manhood is not worth
but if it be medled with wisdom. and as for me, said sir tristram, it
may happen i shall keep mine own head as well as another.

so thus they rode until that they came to humber bank, where they heard
a cry and a doleful noise. then were they ware in the wind where came a
rich vessel hilled over with red silk, and the vessel landed fast by
them. therewith sir tristram alighted and his knights. and so sir
tristram went afore and entered into that vessel. and when he came
within he saw a fair bed richly covered, and thereupon lay a dead
seemly knight, all armed save the head, was all be-bled with deadly
wounds upon him, the which seemed to be a passing good knight. how may
this be, said sir tristram, that this knight is thus slain? then sir
tristram was ware of a letter in the dead knight’s hand. master
mariners, said sir tristram, what meaneth that letter? sir, said they,
in that letter ye shall hear and know how he was slain, and for what
cause, and what was his name. but sir, said the mariners, wit ye well
that no man shall take that letter and read it but if he be a good
knight, and that he will faithfully promise to revenge his death, else
shall there be no knight see that letter open. wit ye well, said sir
tristram, that some of us may revenge his death as well as other, and
if it be so as ye mariners say his death shall be revenged. and
therewith sir tristram took the letter out of the knight’s hand, and it
said thus: hermance, king and lord of the red city, i send unto all
knights errant, recommending unto you noble knights of arthur’s court.
i beseech them all among them to find one knight that will fight for my
sake with two brethren that i brought up of nought, and feloniously and
traitorly they have slain me; wherefore i beseech one good knight to
revenge my death. and he that revengeth my death i will that he have my
red city and all my castles.

sir, said the mariners, wit ye well this king and knight that here
lieth was a full worshipful man and of full great prowess, and full
well he loved all manner knights errants. so god me help, said sir
tristram, here is a piteous case, and full fain would i take this
enterprise upon me; but i have made such a promise that needs i must be
at this great tournament, or else i am shamed. for well i wot for my
sake in especial my lord arthur let make this jousts and tournament in
this country; and well i wot that many worshipful people will be there
at that tournament for to see me; therefore i fear me to take this
enterprise upon me that i shall not come again by time to this jousts.
sir, said palomides, i pray you give me this enterprise, and ye shall
see me achieve it worshipfully, other else i shall die in this quarrel.
well, said sir tristram, and this enterprise i give you, with this,
that ye be with me at this tournament that shall be as this day seven
night. sir, said palomides, i promise you that i shall be with you by
that day if i be unslain or unmaimed.




chapter lx. how sir tristram with his fellowship came and were with an
host which after fought with sir tristram; and other matters.


then departed sir tristram, gareth, and sir dinadan, and left sir
palomides in the vessel; and so sir tristram beheld the mariners how
they sailed overlong humber. and when sir palomides was out of their
sight they took their horses and beheld about them. and then were they
ware of a knight that came riding against them unarmed, and nothing
about him but a sword. and when this knight came nigh them he saluted
them, and they him again. fair knights, said that knight, i pray you
insomuch as ye be knights errant, that ye will come and see my castle,
and take such as ye find there; i pray you heartily. and so they rode
with him until his castle, and there they were brought into the hall,
that was well apparelled; and so they were there unarmed, and set at a
board; and when this knight saw sir tristram, anon he knew him. and
then this knight waxed pale and wroth at sir tristram. when sir
tristram saw his host make such cheer he marvelled and said: sir, mine
host, what cheer make you? wit thou well, said he, i fare the worse for
thee, for i know thee, sir tristram de liones, thou slewest my brother;
and therefore i give thee summons i will slay thee an ever i may get
thee at large. sir knight, said sir tristram, i am never advised that
ever i slew any brother of yours; and if ye say that i did i will make
amends unto my power. i will none amends, said the knight, but keep
thee from me.

so when he had dined sir tristram asked his arms, and departed. and so
they rode on their ways, and within a while sir dinadan saw where came
a knight well armed and well horsed, without shield. sir tristram, said
sir dinadan, take keep to yourself, for i dare undertake yonder cometh
your host that will have ado with you. let him come, said sir tristram,
i shall abide him as well as i may. anon the knight, when he came nigh
sir tristram, he cried and bade him abide and keep him. so they hurtled
together, but sir tristram smote the other knight so sore that he bare
him over his horse’s croup. that knight arose lightly and took his
horse again, and so rode fiercely to sir tristram, and smote him twice
hard upon the helm. sir knight, said sir tristram, i pray you leave off
and smite me no more, for i would be loath to deal with you an i might
choose, for i have your meat and your drink within my body. for all
that he would not leave; and then sir tristram gave him such a buffet
upon the helm that he fell up-so-down from his horse, that the blood
brast out at the ventails of his helm, and so he lay still likely to be
dead. then sir tristram said: me repenteth of this buffet that i smote
so sore, for as i suppose he is dead. and so they left him and rode on
their ways.

so they had not ridden but a while, but they saw riding against them
two full likely knights, well armed and well horsed, and goodly
servants about them. the one was berrant le apres, and he was called
the king with the hundred knights; and the other was sir segwarides,
which were renowned two noble knights. so as they came either by other
the king looked upon sir dinadan, that at that time he had sir
tristram’s helm upon his shoulder, the which helm the king had seen
to-fore with the queen of northgalis, and that queen the king loved as
paramour; and that helm the queen of northgalis had given to la beale
isoud, and the queen la beale isoud gave it to sir tristram. sir
knight, said berrant, where had ye that helm? what would ye? said sir
dinadan. for i will have ado with thee, said the king, for the love of
her that owed that helm, and therefore keep you. so they departed and
came together with all their mights of their horses, and there the king
with the hundred knights smote sir dinadan, horse and all, to the
earth; and then he commanded his servant: go and take thou his helm
off, and keep it. so the varlet went to unbuckle his helm. what helm,
what wilt thou do? said sir tristram, leave that helm. to what intent,
said the king, will ye, sir knight, meddle with that helm? wit you
well, said sir tristram, that helm shall not depart from me or it be
dearer bought. then make you ready, said sir berrant unto sir tristram.
so they hurtled together, and there sir tristram smote him down over
his horse’s tail; and then the king arose lightly, and gat his horse
lightly again. and then he struck fiercely at sir tristram many great
strokes. and then sir tristram gave sir berrant such a buffet upon the
helm that he fell down over his horse sore stonied. lo, said dinadan,
that helm is unhappy to us twain, for i had a fall for it, and now, sir
king, have ye another fall.

then segwarides asked: who shall joust with me? i pray thee, said sir
gareth unto dinadan, let me have this jousts. sir, said dinadan, i pray
you take it as for me. that is no reason, said tristram, for this
jousts should be yours. at a word, said dinadan, i will not thereof.
then gareth dressed him to sir segwarides, and there sir segwarides
smote gareth and his horse to the earth. now, said sir tristram to
dinadan, joust with yonder knight. i will not thereof, said dinadan.
then will i, said sir tristram. and then sir tristram ran to him, and
gave him a fall; and so they left them on foot, and sir tristram rode
unto joyous gard, and there sir gareth would not of his courtesy have
gone into this castle, but sir tristram would not suffer him to depart.
and so they alighted and unarmed them, and had great cheer. but when
dinadan came afore la beale isoud he cursed the time that ever he bare
sir tristram’s helm, and there he told her how sir tristram had mocked
him. then was there laughing and japing at sir dinadan, that they wist
not what to do with him.




chapter lxi. how palomides went for to fight with two brethren for the
death of king hermance.


now will we leave them merry within joyous gard, and speak we of sir
palomides. then sir palomides sailed evenlong humber to the coasts of
the sea, where was a fair castle. and at that time it was early in the
morning, afore day. then the mariners went unto sir palomides that
slept fast. sir knight, said the mariners, ye must arise, for here is a
castle there ye must go into. i assent me, said sir palomides; and
therewithal he arrived. and then he blew his horn that the mariners had
given him. and when they within the castle heard that horn they put
forth many knights; and there they stood upon the walls, and said with
one voice: welcome be ye to this castle. and then it waxed clear day,
and sir palomides entered into the castle. and within a while he was
served with many divers meats. then sir palomides heard about him much
weeping and great dole. what may this mean? said sir palomides; i love
not to hear such a sorrow, and fain i would know what it meaneth. then
there came afore him one whose name was sir ebel, that said thus: wit
ye well, sir knight, this dole and sorrow is here made every day, and
for this cause: we had a king that hight hermance, and he was king of
the red city, and this king that was lord was a noble knight, large and
liberal of his expense; and in the world he loved nothing so much as he
did errant knights of king arthur’s court, and all jousting, hunting,
and all manner of knightly games; for so kind a king and knight had
never the rule of poor people as he was; and because of his goodness
and gentleness we bemoan him, and ever shall. and all kings and
estates may beware by our lord, for he was destroyed in his own
default; for had he cherished them of his blood he had yet lived with
great riches and rest: but all estates may beware by our king. but
alas, said ebel, that we shall give all other warning by his death.

tell me, said palomides, and in what manner was your lord slain, and by
whom. sir, said sir ebel, our king brought up of children two men that
now are perilous knights; and these two knights our king had so in
charity, that he loved no man nor trusted no man of his blood, nor none
other that was about him. and by these two knights our king was
governed, and so they ruled him peaceably and his lands, and never
would they suffer none of his blood to have no rule with our king. and
also he was so free and so gentle, and they so false and deceivable,
that they ruled him peaceably; and that espied the lords of our king’s
blood, and departed from him unto their own livelihood. then when these
two traitors understood that they had driven all the lords of his blood
from him, they were not pleased with that rule, but then they thought
to have more, as ever it is an old saw: give a churl rule and thereby
he will not be sufficed; for whatsomever he be that is ruled by a
villain born, and the lord of the soil to be a gentleman born, the same
villain shall destroy all the gentlemen about him: therefore all
estates and lords, beware whom ye take about you. and if ye be a knight
of king arthur’s court remember this tale, for this is the end and
conclusion. my lord and king rode unto the forest hereby by the advice
of these traitors, and there he chased at the red deer, armed at all
pieces full like a good knight; and so for labour he waxed dry, and
then he alighted, and drank at a well. and when he was alighted, by the
assent of these two traitors, that one that hight helius he suddenly
smote our king through the body with a spear, and so they left him
there. and when they were departed, then by fortune i came to the well,
and found my lord and king wounded to the death. and when i heard his
complaint, i let bring him to the water side, and in that same ship i
put him alive; and when my lord king hermance was in that vessel, he
required me for the true faith i owed unto him for to write a letter in
this manner.




chapter lxii. the copy of the letter written for to revenge the king’s
death, and how sir palomides fought for to have the battle.


recommending unto king arthur and to all his knights errant, beseeching
them all that insomuch as i, king hermance, king of the red city, thus
am slain by felony and treason, through two knights of mine own, and of
mine own bringing up and of mine own making, that some worshipful
knight will revenge my death, insomuch i have been ever to my power
well willing unto arthur’s court. and who that will adventure his life
with these two traitors for my sake in one battle, i, king hermance,
king of the red city, freely give him all my lands and rents that ever
i wielded in my life. this letter, said ebel, i wrote by my lord’s
commandment, and then he received his creator; and when he was dead, he
commanded me or ever he were cold to put that letter fast in his hand.
and then he commanded me to put forth that same vessel down humber, and
i should give these mariners in commandment never to stint until that
they came unto logris, where all the noble knights shall assemble at
this time. and there shall some good knight have pity on me to revenge
my death, for there was never king nor lord falslier nor traitorlier
slain than i am here to my death. thus was the complaint of our king
hermance. now, said sir ebel, ye know all how our lord was betrayed, we
require you for god’s sake have pity upon his death, and worshipfully
revenge his death, and then may ye wield all these lands. for we all
wit well that an ye may slay these two traitors, the red city and all
those that be therein will take you for their lord.

truly, said sir palomides, it grieveth my heart for to hear you tell
this doleful tale; and to say the truth i saw the same letter that ye
speak of, and one of the best knights on the earth read that letter to
me, and by his commandment i came hither to revenge your king’s death;
and therefore have done, and let me wit where i shall find those
traitors, for i shall never be at ease in my heart till i be in hands
with them. sir, said sir ebel, then take your ship again, and that ship
must bring you unto the delectable isle, fast by the red city, and we
in this castle shall pray for you, and abide your again-coming. for
this same castle, an ye speed well, must needs be yours; for our king
hermance let make this castle for the love of the two traitors, and so
we kept it with strong hand, and therefore full sore are we threated.
wot ye what ye shall do, said sir palomides; whatsomever come of me,
look ye keep well this castle. for an it misfortune me so to be slain
in this quest i am sure there will come one of the best knights of the
world for to revenge my death, and that is sir tristram de liones, or
else sir launcelot du lake.

then sir palomides departed from that castle. and as he came nigh the
city, there came out of a ship a goodly knight armed against him, with
his shield on his shoulder, and his hand upon his sword. and anon as he
came nigh sir palomides he said: sir knight, what seek ye here? leave
this quest for it is mine, and mine it was or ever it was yours, and
therefore i will have it. sir knight, said palomides, it may well be
that this quest was yours or it was mine, but when the letter was taken
out of the dead king’s hand, at that time by likelihood there was no
knight had undertaken to revenge the death of the king. and so at that
time i promised to revenge his death, and so i shall or else i am
ashamed. ye say well, said the knight, but wit ye well then will i
fight with you, and who be the better knight of us both, let him take
the battle upon hand. i assent me, said sir palomides. and then they
dressed their shields, and pulled out their swords, and lashed together
many sad strokes as men of might; and this fighting was more than an
hour, but at the last sir palomides waxed big and better winded, so
that then he smote that knight such a stroke that he made him to kneel
upon his knees. then that knight spake on high and said: gentle knight,
hold thy hand. sir palomides was goodly and withdrew his hand. then
this knight said: wit ye well, knight, that thou art better worthy to
have this battle than i, and require thee of knighthood tell me thy
name. sir, my name is palomides, a knight of king arthur’s, and of the
table round, that hither i came to revenge the death of this dead king.




chapter lxiii. of the preparation of sir palomides and the two brethren
that should fight with him.


well be ye found, said the knight to palomides, for of all knights that
be alive, except three, i had liefest have you. the first is sir
launcelot du lake, and sir tristram de liones, the third is my nigh
cousin, sir lamorak de galis. and i am brother unto king hermance that
is dead, and my name is sir hermind. ye say well, said sir palomides,
and ye shall see how i shall speed; and if i be there slain go ye to my
lord sir launcelot, or else to my lord sir tristram, and pray them to
revenge my death, for as for sir lamorak him shall ye never see in this
world. alas, said sir hermind, how may that be? he is slain, said sir
palomides, by sir gawaine and his brethren. so god me help, said
hermind, there was not one for one that slew him. that is truth, said
sir palomides, for they were four dangerous knights that slew him, as
sir gawaine, sir agravaine, sir gaheris, and sir mordred, but sir
gareth, the fifth brother was away, the best knight of them all. and so
sir palomides told hermind all the manner, and how they slew sir
lamorak all only by treason.

so sir palomides took his ship, and arrived up at the delectable isle.
and in the meanwhile sir hermind that was the king’s brother, he
arrived up at the red city, and there he told them how there was come a
knight of king arthur’s to avenge king hermance’s death: and his name
is sir palomides, the good knight, that for the most part he followeth
the beast glatisant. then all the city made great joy, for mickle had
they heard of sir palomides, and of his noble prowess. so let they
ordain a messenger, and sent unto the two brethren, and bade them to
make them ready, for there was a knight come that would fight with them
both. so the messenger went unto them where they were at a castle there
beside; and there he told them how there was a knight come of king
arthur’s court to fight with them both at once. he is welcome, said
they; but tell us, we pray you, if it be sir launcelot or any of his
blood? he is none of that blood, said the messenger. then we care the
less, said the two brethren, for with none of the blood of sir
launcelot we keep not to have ado withal. wit ye well, said the
messenger, that his name is sir palomides, that yet is unchristened, a
noble knight. well, said they, an he be now unchristened he shall never
be christened. so they appointed to be at the city within two days.

and when sir palomides was come to the city they made passing great joy
of him, and then they beheld him, and saw that he was well made,
cleanly and bigly, and unmaimed of his limbs, and neither too young nor
too old. and so all the people praised him; and though he was not
christened yet he believed in the best manner, and was full faithful
and true of his promise, and well conditioned; and because he made his
avow that he would never be christened unto the time that he had
achieved the beast glatisant, the which was a full wonderful beast, and
a great signification; for merlin prophesied much of that beast. and
also sir palomides avowed never to take full christendom unto the time
that he had done seven battles within the lists.

so within the third day there came to the city these two brethren, the
one hight helius, the other hight helake, the which were men of great
prowess; howbeit that they were false and full of treason, and but poor
men born, yet were they noble knights of their hands. and with them
they brought forty knights, to that intent that they should be big
enough for the red city. thus came the two brethren with great bobaunce
and pride, for they had put the red city in fear and damage. then they
were brought to the lists, and sir palomides came into the place and
said thus: be ye the two brethren, helius and helake, that slew your
king and lord, sir hermance, by felony and treason, for whom that i am
come hither to revenge his death? wit thou well, said sir helius and
sir helake, that we are the same knights that slew king hermance; and
wit thou well, sir palomides saracen, that we shall handle thee so or
thou depart that thou shalt wish that thou wert christened. it may well
be, said sir palomides, for yet i would not die or i were christened;
and yet so am i not afeard of you both, but i trust to god that i shall
die a better christian man than any of you both; and doubt ye not, said
sir palomides, either ye or i shall be left dead in this place.




chapter lxiv. of the battle between sir palomides and the two brethren,
and how the two brethren were slain.


then they departed, and the two brethren came against sir palomides,
and he against them, as fast as their horses might run. and by fortune
sir palomides smote helake through his shield and through the breast
more than a fathom. all this while sir helius held up his spear, and
for pride and orgulité he would not smite sir palomides with his spear;
but when he saw his brother lie on the earth, and saw he might not help
himself, then he said unto sir palomides: help thyself. and therewith
he came hurtling unto sir palomides with his spear, and smote him quite
from his saddle. then sir helius rode over sir palomides twice or
thrice. and therewith sir palomides was ashamed, and gat the horse of
sir helius by the bridle, and therewithal the horse areared, and sir
palomides halp after, and so they fell both to the earth; but anon sir
helius stert up lightly, and there he smote sir palomides a great
stroke upon the helm, that he kneeled upon his own knee. then they
lashed together many sad strokes, and traced and traversed now
backward, now sideling, hurtling together like two boars, and that same
time they fell both grovelling to the earth.

thus they fought still without any reposing two hours, and never
breathed; and then sir palomides waxed faint and weary, and sir helius
waxed passing strong, and doubled his strokes, and drove sir palomides
overthwart and endlong all the field, that they of the city when they
saw sir palomides in this case they wept and cried, and made great
dole, and the other party made as great joy. alas, said the men of the
city, that this noble knight should thus be slain for our king’s sake.
and as they were thus weeping and crying, sir palomides that had
suffered an hundred strokes, that it was wonder that he stood on his
feet, at the last sir palomides beheld as he might the common people,
how they wept for him; and then he said to himself: ah, fie for shame,
sir palomides, why hangest thou thy head so low; and therewith he bare
up his shield, and looked sir helius in the visage, and he smote him a
great stroke upon the helm, and after that another and another. and
then he smote sir helius with such a might that he fell to the earth
grovelling; and then he raced off his helm from his head, and there he
smote him such a buffet that he departed his head from the body. and
then were the people of the city the joyfullest people that might be.
so they brought him to his lodging with great solemnity, and there all
the people became his men. and then sir palomides prayed them all to
take keep unto all the lordship of king hermance: for, fair sirs, wit
ye well i may not as at this time abide with you, for i must in all
haste be with my lord king arthur at the castle of lonazep, the which i
have promised. then was the people full heavy at his departing, for all
that city proffered sir palomides the third part of their goods so that
he would abide with them; but in no wise as at that time he would not
abide.

and so sir palomides departed, and so he came unto the castle thereas
sir ebel was lieutenant. and when they in the castle wist how sir
palomides had sped, there was a joyful meiny; and so sir palomides
departed, and came to the castle of lonazep. and when he wist that sir
tristram was not there he took his way over humber, and came unto
joyous gard, whereas sir tristram was and la beale isoud. sir tristram
had commanded that what knight errant came within the joyous gard, as
in the town, that they should warn sir tristram. so there came a man of
the town, and told sir tristram how there was a knight in the town, a
passing goodly man. what manner of man is he, said sir tristram, and
what sign beareth he? so the man told sir tristram all the tokens of
him. that is palomides, said dinadan. it may well be, said sir
tristram. go ye to him, said sir tristram unto dinadan. so dinadan went
unto sir palomides, and there either made other great joy, and so they
lay together that night. and on the morn early came sir tristram and
sir gareth, and took them in their beds, and so they arose and brake
their fast.




chapter lxv. how sir tristram and sir palomides met breuse saunce pité,
and how sir tristram and la beale isoud went unto lonazep.


and then sir tristram desired sir palomides to ride into the fields and
woods. so they were accorded to repose them in the forest. and when
they had played them a great while they rode unto a fair well; and anon
they were ware of an armed knight that came riding against them, and
there either saluted other. then this armed knight spake to sir
tristram, and asked what were these knights that were lodged in joyous
gard. i wot not what they are, said sir tristram. what knights be ye?
said that knight, for meseemeth ye be no knights errant, because ye
ride unarmed. whether we be knights or not we list not to tell thee our
name. wilt thou not tell me thy name? said that knight; then keep thee,
for thou shalt die of my hands. and therewith he got his spear in his
hands, and would have run sir tristram through. that saw sir palomides,
and smote his horse traverse in midst of the side, that man and horse
fell to the earth. and therewith sir palomides alighted and pulled out
his sword to have slain him. let be, said sir tristram, slay him not,
the knight is but a fool, it were shame to slay him. but take away his
spear, said sir tristram, and let him take his horse and go where that
he will.

so when this knight arose he groaned sore of the fall, and so he took
his horse, and when he was up he turned then his horse, and required
sir tristram and sir palomides to tell him what knights they were. now
wit ye well, said sir tristram, that my name is sir tristram de liones,
and this knight’s name is sir palomides. when he wist what they were he
took his horse with the spurs, because they should not ask him his
name, and so rode fast away through thick and thin. then came there by
them a knight with a bended shield of azure, whose name was epinogris,
and he came toward them a great wallop. whither are ye riding? said sir
tristram. my fair lords, said epinogris, i follow the falsest knight
that beareth the life; wherefore i require you tell me whether ye saw
him, for he beareth a shield with a case of red over it. so god me
help, said tristram, such a knight departed from us not a quarter of an
hour agone; we pray you tell us his name. alas, said epinogris, why let
ye him escape from you? and he is so great a foe unto all errant
knights: his name is breuse saunce pité. ah, fie for shame, said sir
palomides, alas that ever he escaped mine hands, for he is the man in
the world that i hate most. then every knight made great sorrow to
other; and so epinogris departed and followed the chase after him.

then sir tristram and his three fellows rode unto joyous gard; and
there sir tristram talked unto sir palomides of his battle, how he sped
at the red city, and as ye have heard afore so was it ended. truly,
said sir tristram, i am glad ye have well sped, for ye have done
worshipfully. well, said sir tristram, we must forward to-morn. and
then he devised how it should be; and sir tristram devised to send his
two pavilions to set them fast by the well of lonazep, and therein
shall be the queen la beale isoud. it is well said, said sir dinadan,
but when sir palomides heard of that his heart was ravished out of
measure: notwithstanding he said but little. so when they came to
joyous gard sir palomides would not have gone into the castle, but as
sir tristram took him by the finger, and led him into the castle. and
when sir palomides saw la beale isoud he was ravished so that he might
unnethe speak. so they went unto meat, but palomides might not eat, and
there was all the cheer that might be had. and on the morn they were
apparelled to ride toward lonazep.

so sir tristram had three squires, and la beale isoud had three
gentlewomen, and both the queen and they were richly apparelled; and
other people had they none with them, but varlets to bear their shields
and their spears. and thus they rode forth. so as they rode they saw
afore them a rout of knights; it was the knight galihodin with twenty
knights with him. fair fellows, said galihodin, yonder come four
knights, and a rich and a well fair lady: i am in will to take that
lady from them. that is not of the best counsel, said one of
galihodin’s men, but send ye to them and wit what they will say; and so
it was done. there came a squire unto sir tristram, and asked them
whether they would joust or else to lose their lady. not so, said sir
tristram, tell your lord i bid him come as many as we be, and win her
and take her. sir, said palomides, an it please you let me have this
deed, and i shall undertake them all four. i will that ye have it, said
sir tristram, at your pleasure. now go and tell your lord galihodin,
that this same knight will encounter with him and his fellows.




chapter lxvi. how sir palomides jousted with sir galihodin, and after
with sir gawaine, and smote them down.


then this squire departed and told galihodin; and then he dressed his
shield, and put forth a spear, and sir palomides another; and there sir
palomides smote galihodin so hard that he smote both horse and man to
the earth. and there he had an horrible fall. and then came there
another knight, and in the same wise he served him; and so he served
the third and the fourth, that he smote them over their horses’ croups,
and always sir palomides’ spear was whole. then came six knights more
of galihodin’s men, and would have been avenged upon sir palomides. let
be, said sir galihodin, not so hardy, none of you all meddle with this
knight, for he is a man of great bounté and honour, and if he would ye
were not able to meddle with him. and right so they held them still.
and ever sir palomides was ready to joust; and when he saw they would
no more he rode unto sir tristram. right well have ye done, said sir
tristram, and worshipfully have ye done as a good knight should. this
galihodin was nigh cousin unto galahalt, the haut prince; and this
galihodin was a king within the country of surluse.

so as sir tristram, sir palomides, and la beale isoud rode together
they saw afore them four knights, and every man had his spear in his
hand: the first was sir gawaine, the second sir uwaine, the third sir
sagramore le desirous, and the fourth was dodinas le savage. when sir
palomides beheld them, that the four knights were ready to joust, he
prayed sir tristram to give him leave to have ado with them all so long
as he might hold him on horseback. and if that i be smitten down i pray
you revenge me. well, said sir tristram, i will as ye will, and ye are
not so fain to have worship but i would as fain increase your worship.
and therewithal sir gawaine put forth his spear, and sir palomides
another; and so they came so eagerly together that sir palomides smote
sir gawaine to the earth, horse and all; and in the same wise he served
uwaine, sir dodinas, and sagramore. all these four knights sir
palomides smote down with divers spears. and then sir tristram departed
toward lonazep.

and when they were departed then came thither galihodin with his ten
knights unto sir gawaine, and there he told him all how he had sped. i
marvel, said sir gawaine, what knights they be, that are so arrayed in
green. and that knight upon the white horse smote me down, said
galihodin, and my three fellows. and so he did to me, said gawaine; and
well i wot, said sir gawaine, that either he upon the white horse is
sir tristram or else sir palomides, and that gay beseen lady is queen
isoud. thus they talked of one thing and of other.

and in the meanwhile sir tristram passed on till that he came to the
well where his two pavilions were set; and there they alighted, and
there they saw many pavilions and great array. then sir tristram left
there sir palomides and sir gareth with la beale isoud, and sir
tristram and sir dinadan rode to lonazep to hearken tidings; and sir
tristram rode upon sir palomides’ white horse. and when he came into
the castle sir dinadan heard a great horn blow, and to the horn drew
many knights. then sir tristram asked a knight: what meaneth the blast
of that horn? sir, said that knight, it is all those that shall hold
against king arthur at this tournament. the first is the king of
ireland, and the king of surluse, the king of listinoise, the king of
northumberland, and the king of the best part of wales, with many other
countries. and these draw them to a council, to understand what
governance they shall be of; but the king of ireland, whose name was
marhalt, and father to the good knight sir marhaus that sir tristram
slew, had all the speech that sir tristram might hear it. he said:
lords and fellows, let us look to ourself, for wit ye well king arthur
is sure of many good knights, or else he would not with so few knights
have ado with us; therefore by my counsel let every king have a
standard and a cognisance by himself, that every knight draw to their
natural lord, and then may every king and captain help his knights if
they have need. when sir tristram had heard all their counsel he rode
unto king arthur for to hear of his counsel.




chapter lxvii. how sir tristram and his fellowship came into the
tournament of lonazep; and of divers jousts and matters.


but sir tristram was not so soon come into the place, but sir gawaine
and sir galihodin went to king arthur, and told him: that same green
knight in the green harness with the white horse smote us two down, and
six of our fellows this same day. well, said arthur. and then he called
sir tristram and asked him what was his name. sir, said sir tristram,
ye shall hold me excused as at this time, for ye shall not wit my name.
and there sir tristram returned and rode his way. i have marvel, said
arthur, that yonder knight will not tell me his name, but go thou,
griflet le fise de dieu, and pray him to speak with me betwixt us. then
sir griflet rode after him and overtook him, and said him that king
arthur prayed him for to speak with him secretly apart. upon this
covenant, said sir tristram, i will speak with him; that i will turn
again so that ye will ensure me not to desire to hear my name. i shall
undertake, said sir griflet, that he will not greatly desire it of you.
so they rode together until they came to king arthur. fair sir, said
king arthur, what is the cause ye will not tell me your name? sir, said
sir tristram, without a cause i will not hide my name. upon what party
will ye hold? said king arthur. truly, my lord, said sir tristram, i
wot not yet on what party i will be on, until i come to the field, and
there as my heart giveth me, there will i hold; but to-morrow ye shall
see and prove on what party i shall come. and therewithal he returned
and went to his pavilions.

and upon the morn they armed them all in green, and came into the
field; and there young knights began to joust, and did many worshipful
deeds. then spake gareth unto sir tristram, and prayed him to give him
leave to break his spear, for him thought shame to bear his spear whole
again. when sir tristram heard him say so he laughed, and said: i pray
you do your best. then sir gareth gat a spear and proffered to joust.
that saw a knight that was nephew unto the king of the hundred knights;
his name was selises, and a good man of arms. so this knight selises
then dressed him unto sir gareth, and they two met together so hard
that either smote other down, his horse and all, to the earth, so they
were both bruised and hurt; and there they lay till the king with the
hundred knights halp selises up, and sir tristram and sir palomides
halp up gareth again. and so they rode with sir gareth unto their
pavilions, and then they pulled off his helm.

and when la beale isoud saw sir gareth bruised in the face she asked
him what ailed him. madam, said sir gareth, i had a great buffet, and
as i suppose i gave another, but none of my fellows, god thank them,
would not rescue me. forsooth, said palomides, it longed not to none of
us as this day to joust, for there have not this day jousted no proved
knights, and needly ye would joust. and when the other party saw ye
proffered yourself to joust they sent one to you, a passing good knight
of his age, for i know him well, his name is selises; and worshipfully
ye met with him, and neither of you are dishonoured, and therefore
refresh yourself that ye may be ready and whole to joust to-morrow. as
for that, said gareth, i shall not fail you an i may bestride mine
horse.




chapter lxviii. how sir tristram and his fellowship jousted, and of the
noble feats that they did in that tourneying.


now upon what party, said tristram, is it best we be withal as to-morn?
sir, said palomides, ye shall have mine advice to be against king
arthur as to-morn, for on his party will be sir launcelot and many good
knights of his blood with him. and the more men of worship that they
be, the more worship we shall win. that is full knightly spoken, said
sir tristram; and right so as ye counsel me, so will we do. in the name
of god, said they all. so that night they were lodged with the best.
and on the morn when it was day they were arrayed all in green
trappings, shields and spears, and la beale isoud in the same colour,
and her three damosels. and right so these four knights came into the
field endlong and through. and so they led la beale isoud thither as
she should stand and behold all the jousts in a bay window; but always
she was wimpled that no man might see her visage. and then these three
knights rode straight unto the party of the king of scots.

when king arthur had seen them do all this he asked sir launcelot what
were these knights and that queen. sir, said launcelot, i cannot say
you in certain, but if sir tristram be in this country, or sir
palomides, wit ye well it be they m certain, and la beale isoud. then
arthur called to him sir kay and said: go lightly and wit how many
knights there be here lacking of the table round, for by the sieges
thou mayst know. so went sir kay and saw by the writings in the sieges
that there lacked ten knights. and these be their names that be not
here. sir tristram, sir palomides, sir percivale, sir gaheris, sir
epinogris, sir mordred, sir dinadan, sir la cote male taile, and sir
pelleas the noble knight. well, said arthur, some of these i dare
undertake are here this day against us.

then came therein two brethren, cousins unto sir gawaine, the one hight
sir edward, that other hight sir sadok, the which were two good
knights; and they asked of king arthur that they might have the first
jousts, for they were of orkney. i am pleased, said king arthur. then
sir edward encountered with the king of scots, in whose party was sir
tristram and sir palomides; and sir edward smote the king of scots
quite from his horse, and sir sadok smote down the king of north wales,
and gave him a wonder great fall, that there was a great cry on king
arthur’s party, and that made sir palomides passing wroth. and so sir
palomides dressed his shield and his spear, and with all his might he
met with sir edward of orkney, that he smote him so hard that his horse
might not stand on his feet, and so they hurtled to the earth; and then
with the same spear sir palomides smote down sir sadok over his horse’s
croup. o jesu, said arthur, what knight is that arrayed all in green?
he jousteth mightily. wit you well, said sir gawaine, he is a good
knight, and yet shall ye see him joust better or he depart. and yet
shall ye see, said sir gawaine, another bigger knight, in the same
colour, than he is; for that same knight, said sir gawaine, that smote
down right now my four cousins, he smote me down within these two days,
and seven fellows more.

this meanwhile as they stood thus talking there came into the place sir
tristram upon a black horse, and or ever he stint he smote down with
one spear four good knights of orkney that were of the kin of sir
gawaine; and sir gareth and sir dinadan everych of them smote down a
good knight. jesu, said arthur, yonder knight upon the black horse doth
mightily and marvellously well. abide you, said sir gawaine; that
knight with the black horse began not yet. then sir tristram made to
horse again the two kings that edward and sadok had unhorsed at the
beginning. and then sir tristram drew his sword and rode into the
thickest of the press against them of orkney; and there he smote down
knights, and rashed off helms, and pulled away their shields, and
hurtled down many knights: he fared so that sir arthur and all knights
had great marvel when they saw one knight do so great deeds of arms.
and sir palomides failed not upon the other side, but did so
marvellously well that all men had wonder. for there king arthur
likened sir tristram that was on the black horse like to a wood lion,
and likened sir palomides upon the white horse unto a wood leopard, and
sir gareth and sir dinadan unto eager wolves. but the custom was such
among them that none of the kings would help other, but all the
fellowship of every standard to help other as they might; but ever sir
tristram did so much deeds of arms that they of orkney waxed weary of
him, and so withdrew them unto lonazep.




chapter lxix. how sir tristram was unhorsed and smitten down by sir
launcelot, and after that sir tristram smote down king arthur.


then was the cry of heralds and all manner of common people: the green
knight hath done marvellously, and beaten all them of orkney. and there
the heralds numbered that sir tristram that sat upon the black horse
had smitten down with spears and swords thirty knights; and sir
palomides had smitten down twenty knights, and the most part of these
fifty knights were of the house of king arthur, and proved knights. so
god me help, said arthur unto sir launcelot, this is a great shame to
us to see four knights beat so many knights of mine; and therefore make
you ready, for we will have ado with them. sir, said launcelot, wit ye
well that there are two passing good knights, and great worship were it
not to us now to have ado with them, for they have this day sore
travailed. as for that, said arthur, i will be avenged; and therefore
take with you sir bleoberis and sir ector, and i will be the fourth,
said arthur. sir, said launcelot, ye shall find me ready, and my
brother sir ector, and my cousin sir bleoberis. and so when they were
ready and on horseback: now choose, said sir arthur unto sir launcelot,
with whom that ye will encounter withal. sir, said launcelot, i will
meet with the green knight upon the black horse, that was sir tristram;
and my cousin sir bleoberis shall match the green knight upon the white
horse, that was sir palomides; and my brother sir ector shall match
with the green knight upon the white horse, that was sir gareth. then
must i, said sir arthur, have ado with the green knight upon the
grisled horse, and that was sir dinadan. now every man take heed to his
fellow, said sir launcelot. and so they trotted on together, and there
encountered sir launcelot against sir tristram. so sir launcelot smote
sir tristram so sore upon the shield that he bare horse and man to the
earth; but sir launcelot weened that it had been sir palomides, and so
he passed forth. and then sir bleoberis encountered with sir palomides,
and he smote him so hard upon the shield that sir palomides and his
white horse rustled to the earth. then sir ector de maris smote sir
gareth so hard that down he fell off his horse. and the noble king
arthur encountered with sir dinadan, and he smote him quite from his
saddle. and then the noise turned awhile how the green knights were
slain down.

when the king of northgalis saw that sir tristram had a fall, then he
remembered him how great deeds of arms sir tristram had done. then he
made ready many knights, for the custom and cry was such, that what
knight were smitten down, and might not be horsed again by his fellows,
outher by his own strength, that as that day he should be prisoner unto
the party that had smitten him down. so came in the king of northgalis,
and he rode straight unto sir tristram; and when he came nigh him he
alighted down suddenly and betook sir tristram his horse, and said
thus: noble knight, i know thee not of what country that thou art, but
for the noble deeds that thou hast done this day take there my horse,
and let me do as well i may; for, as jesu me help, thou art better
worthy to have mine horse than i myself. gramercy, said sir tristram,
and if i may i shall quite you: look that ye go not far from us, and as
i suppose, i shall win you another horse. and therewith sir tristram
mounted upon his horse, and there he met with king arthur, and he gave
him such a buffet upon the helm with his sword that king arthur had no
power to keep his saddle. and then sir tristram gave the king of
northgalis king arthur’s horse: then was there great press about king
arthur for to horse him again; but sir palomides would not suffer king
arthur to be horsed again, but ever sir palomides smote on the right
hand and on the left hand mightily as a noble knight. and this
meanwhile sir tristram rode through the thickest of the press, and
smote down knights on the right hand and on the left hand, and raced
off helms, and so passed forth unto his pavilions, and left sir
palomides on foot; and sir tristram changed his horse and disguised
himself all in red, horse and harness.




chapter lxx. how sir tristram changed his harness and it was all red,
and how he demeaned him, and how sir palomides slew launcelot’s horse.


and when the queen la beale isoud saw that sir tristram was unhorsed,
and she wist not where he was, then she wept greatly. but sir tristram,
when he was ready, came dashing lightly into the field, and then la
beale isoud espied him. and so he did great deeds of arms; with one
spear, that was great, sir tristram smote down five knights or ever he
stint. then sir launcelot espied him readily, that it was sir tristram,
and then he repented him that he had smitten him down; and so sir
launcelot went out of the press to repose him and lightly he came
again. and now when sir tristram came into the press, through his great
force he put sir palomides upon his horse, and sir gareth, and sir
dinadan, and then they began to do marvellously; but sir palomides nor
none of his two fellows knew not who had holpen them on horseback
again. but ever sir tristram was nigh them and succoured them, and they
[knew] not him, because he was changed into red armour: and all this
while sir launcelot was away.

so when la beale isoud knew sir tristram again upon his horse-back she
was passing glad, and then she laughed and made good cheer. and as it
happened, sir palomides looked up toward her where she lay in the
window, and he espied how she laughed; and therewith he took such a
rejoicing that he smote down, what with his spear and with his sword,
all that ever he met; for through the sight of her he was so enamoured
in her love that he seemed at that time, that an both sir tristram and
sir launcelot had been both against him they should have won no worship
of him; and in his heart, as the book saith, sir palomides wished that
with his worship he might have ado with sir tristram before all men,
because of la beale isoud. then sir palomides began to double his
strength, and he did so marvellously that all men had wonder of him,
and ever he cast up his eye unto la beale isoud. and when he saw her
make such cheer he fared like a lion, that there might no man withstand
him; and then sir tristram beheld him, how that sir palomides bestirred
him; and then he said unto sir dinadan: so god me help, sir palomides
is a passing good knight and a well enduring, but such deeds saw i him
never do, nor never heard i tell that ever he did so much in one day.
it is his day, said dinadan; and he would say no more unto sir
tristram; but to himself he said: an if ye knew for whose love he doth
all those deeds of arms, soon would sir tristram abate his courage.
alas, said sir tristram, that sir palomides is not christened. so said
king arthur, and so said all those that beheld him. then all people
gave him the prize, as for the best knight that day, that he passed sir
launcelot outher sir tristram. well, said dinadan to himself, all this
worship that sir palomides hath here this day he may thank the queen
isoud, for had she been away this day sir palomides had not gotten the
prize this day.

right so came into the field sir launcelot du lake, and saw and heard
the noise and cry and the great worship that sir palomides had. he
dressed him against sir palomides, with a great mighty spear and a
long, and thought to smite him down. and when sir palomides saw sir
launcelot come upon him so fast, he ran upon sir launcelot as fast with
his sword as he might; and as sir launcelot should have stricken him he
smote his spear aside, and smote it a-two with his sword. and sir
palomides rushed unto sir launcelot, and thought to have put him to a
shame; and with his sword he smote his horse’s neck that sir launcelot
rode upon, and then sir launcelot fell to the earth. then was the cry
huge and great: see how sir palomides the saracen hath smitten down sir
launcelot’s horse. right then were there many knights wroth with sir
palomides because he had done that deed; therefore many knights held
there against that it was unknightly done in a tournament to kill an
horse wilfully, but that it had been done in plain battle, life for
life.




chapter lxxi. how sir launcelot said to sir palomides, and how the
prize of that day was given unto sir palomides.


when sir ector de maris saw sir launcelot his brother have such a
despite, and so set on foot, then he gat a spear eagerly, and ran
against sir palomides, and he smote him so hard that he bare him quite
from his horse. that saw sir tristram, that was in red harness, and he
smote down sir ector de maris quite from his horse. then sir launcelot
dressed his shield upon his shoulder, and with his sword naked in his
hand, and so came straight upon sir palomides fiercely and said: wit
thou well thou hast done me this day the greatest despite that ever any
worshipful knight did to me in tournament or in jousts, and therefore i
will be avenged upon thee, therefore take keep to yourself. ah, mercy,
noble knight, said palomides, and forgive me mine unkindly deeds, for i
have no power nor might to withstand you, and i have done so much this
day that well i wot i did never so much, nor never shall in my
life-days; and therefore, most noble knight, i require thee spare me as
at this day, and i promise you i shall ever be your knight while i
live: an ye put me from my worship now, ye put me from the greatest
worship that ever i had or ever shall have in my life-days. well, said
sir launcelot, i see, for to say thee sooth, ye have done marvellously
well this day; and i understand a part for whose love ye do it, and
well i wot that love is a great mistress. and if my lady were here as
she nis not, wit you well, said sir launcelot, ye should not bear away
the worship. but beware your love be not discovered, for an sir
tristram may know it ye will repent it; and sithen my quarrel is not
here, ye shall have this day the worship as for me; considering the
great travail and pain that ye have had this day, it were no worship
for me to put you from it. and therewithal sir launcelot suffered sir
palomides to depart.

then sir launcelot by great force and might gat his own horse maugre
twenty knights. so when sir launcelot was horsed he did many marvels,
and so did sir tristram, and sir palomides in like wise. then sir
launcelot smote down with a spear sir dinadan, and the king of
scotland, and the king of wales, and the king of northumberland, and
the king of listinoise. so then sir launcelot and his fellows smote
down well a forty knights. then came the king of ireland and the king
of the straight marches to rescue sir tristram and sir palomides. there
began a great medley, and many knights were smitten down on both
parties; and always sir launcelot spared sir tristram, and he spared
him. and sir palomides would not meddle with sir launcelot, and so
there was hurtling here and there. and then king arthur sent out many
knights of the table round; and sir palomides was ever in the foremost
front, and sir tristram did so strongly well that the king and all
other had marvel. and then the king let blow to lodging; and because
sir palomides began first, and never he went nor rode out of the field
to repose, but ever he was doing marvellously well either on foot or on
horseback, and longest during, king arthur and all the kings gave sir
palomides the honour and the gree as for that day.

then sir tristram commanded sir dinadan to fetch the queen la beale
isoud, and bring her to his two pavilions that stood by the well. and
so dinadan did as he was commanded. but when sir palomides understood
and wist that sir tristram was in the red armour, and on a red horse,
wit ye well that he was glad, and so was sir gareth and sir dinadan,
for they all weened that sir tristram had been taken prisoner. and then
every knight drew to his inn. and then king arthur and every knight
spake of those knights; but above all men they gave sir palomides the
prize, and all knights that knew sir palomides had wonder of his deeds.
sir, said sir launcelot unto arthur, as for sir palomides an he be the
green knight i dare say as for this day he is best worthy to have the
degree, for he reposed him never, nor never changed his weeds, and he
began first and longest held on. and yet, well i wot, said sir
launcelot, that there was a better knight than he, and that shall be
proved or we depart, upon pain of my life. thus they talked on either
party; and so sir dinadan railed with sir tristram and said: what the
devil is upon thee this day? for sir palomides’ strength feebled never
this day, but ever he doubled his strength.




chapter lxxii. how sir dinadan provoked sir tristram to do well.


and thou, sir tristram, farest all this day as though thou hadst been
asleep, and therefore i call thee coward. well, dinadan, said sir
tristram, i was never called coward or now of no earthly knight in my
life; and wit thou well, sir, i call myself never the more coward
though sir launcelot gave me a fall, for i outcept him of all knights.
and doubt ye not sir dinadan, an sir launcelot have a quarrel good, he
is too over good for any knight that now is living; and yet of his
sufferance, largess, bounty, and courtesy, i call him knight peerless:
and so sir tristram was in manner wroth with sir dinadan. but all this
language sir dinadan said because he would anger sir tristram, for to
cause him to awake his spirits and to be wroth; for well knew sir
dinadan that an sir tristram were thoroughly wroth sir palomides should
not get the prize upon the morn. and for this intent sir dinadan said
all this railing and language against sir tristram. truly, said sir
palomides, as for sir launcelot, of his noble knighthood, courtesy, and
prowess, and gentleness, i know not his peer; for this day, said sir
palomides, i did full uncourteously unto sir launcelot, and full
unknightly, and full knightly and courteously he did to me again; for
an he had been as ungentle to me as i was to him, this day i had won no
worship. and therefore, said palomides, i shall be sir launcelot’s
knight while my life lasteth. this talking was in the houses of kings.
but all kings, lords, and knights, said, of clear knighthood, and of
pure strength, of bounty, of courtesy, sir launcelot and sir tristram
bare the prize above all knights that ever were in arthur’s days. and
there were never knights in arthur’s days did half so many deeds as
they did; as the book saith, no ten knights did not half the deeds that
they did, and there was never knight in their days that required sir
launcelot or sir tristram of any quest, so it were not to their shame,
but they performed their desire.




chapter lxxiii. how king arthur and sir lancelot came to see la beale
isoud, and how palomides smote down king arthur.


so on the morn sir launcelot departed, and sir tristram was ready, and
la beale isoud with sir palomides and sir gareth. and so they rode all
in green full freshly beseen unto the forest. and sir tristram left sir
dinadan sleeping in his bed. and so as they rode it happed the king and
launcelot stood in a window, and saw sir tristram ride and isoud. sir,
said launcelot, yonder rideth the fairest lady of the world except your
queen, dame guenever. who is that? said sir arthur. sir, said he, it is
queen isoud that, out-taken my lady your queen, she is makeless. take
your horse, said arthur, and array you at all rights as i will do, and
i promise you, said the king, i will see her. then anon they were armed
and horsed, and either took a spear and rode unto the forest. sir, said
launcelot, it is not good that ye go too nigh them, for wit ye well
there are two as good knights as now are living, and therefore, sir, i
pray you be not too hasty. for peradventure there will be some knights
be displeased an we come suddenly upon them. as for that, said arthur,
i will see her, for i take no force whom i grieve. sir, said launcelot,
ye put yourself in great jeopardy. as for that, said the king, we will
take the adventure. right so anon the king rode even to her, and
saluted her, and said: god you save. sir, said she, ye are welcome.
then the king beheld her, and liked her wonderly well.

with that came sir palomides unto arthur, and said: uncourteous knight,
what seekest thou here? thou art uncourteous to come upon a lady thus
suddenly, therefore withdraw thee. sir arthur took none heed of sir
palomides’ words, but ever he looked still upon queen isoud. then was
sir palomides wroth, and therewith he took a spear, and came hurtling
upon king arthur, and smote him down with a spear. when sir launcelot
saw that despite of sir palomides, he said to himself: i am loath to
have ado with yonder knight, and not for his own sake but for sir
tristram. and one thing i am sure of, if i smite down sir palomides i
must have ado with sir tristram, and that were overmuch for me to match
them both, for they are two noble knights; notwithstanding, whether i
live or i die, needs must i revenge my lord, and so will i, whatsomever
befall of me. and therewith sir launcelot cried to sir palomides: keep
thee from me. and then sir launcelot and sir palomides rushed together
with two spears strongly, but sir launcelot smote sir palomides so hard
that he went quite out of his saddle, and had a great fall. when sir
tristram saw sir palomides have that fall, he said to sir launcelot:
sir knight, keep thee, for i must joust with thee. as for to joust with
me, said sir launcelot, i will not fail you, for no dread i have of
you; but i am loath to have ado with you an i might choose, for i will
that ye wit that i must revenge my special lord that was unhorsed
unwarly and unknightly. and therefore, though i revenged that fall,
take ye no displeasure therein, for he is to me such a friend that i
may not see him shamed.

anon sir tristram understood by his person and by his knightly words
that it was sir launcelot du lake, and verily sir tristram deemed that
it was king arthur, he that sir palomides had smitten down. and then
sir tristram put his spear from him, and put sir palomides again on
horseback, and sir launcelot put king arthur on horseback and so
departed. so god me help, said sir tristram unto palomides, ye did not
worshipfully when ye smote down that knight so suddenly as ye did. and
wit ye well ye did yourself great shame, for the knights came hither of
their gentleness to see a fair lady; and that is every good knight’s
part, to behold a fair lady; and ye had not ado to play such masteries
afore my lady. wit thou well it will turn to anger, for he that ye
smote down was king arthur, and that other was the good knight sir
launcelot. but i shall not forget the words of sir launcelot when that
he called him a man of great worship, thereby i wist that it was king
arthur. and as for sir launcelot, an there had been five hundred
knights in the meadow, he would not have refused them, and yet he said
he would refuse me. by that again i wist that it was sir launcelot, for
ever he forbeareth me in every place, and showeth me great kindness;
and of all knights, i out-take none, say what men will say, he beareth
the flower of all chivalry, say it him whosomever will. an he be well
angered, and that him list to do his utterance without any favour, i
know him not alive but sir launcelot is over hard for him, be it on
horseback or on foot. i may never believe, said palomides, that king
arthur will ride so privily as a poor errant knight. ah, said sir
tristram, ye know not my lord arthur, for all knights may learn to be a
knight of him. and therefore ye may be sorry, said sir tristram, of
your unkindly deeds to so noble a king. and a thing that is done may
not be undone, said palomides. then sir tristram sent queen isoud unto
her lodging in the priory, there to behold all the tournament.




chapter lxxiv. how the second day palomides forsook sir tristram, and
went to the contrary part against him.


then there was a cry unto all knights, that when they heard an horn
blow they should make jousts as they did the first day. and like as the
brethren sir edward and sir sadok began the jousts the first day, sir
uwaine the king’s son urien and sir lucanere de buttelere began the
jousts the second day. and at the first encounter

sir uwaine smote down the king’s son of scots; and sir lucanere ran
against the king of wales, and they brake their spears all to pieces;
and they were so fierce both, that they hurtled together that both fell
to the earth. then they of orkney horsed again sir lucanere. and then
came in sir tristram de liones; and then sir tristram smote down sir
uwaine and sir lucanere; and sir palomides smote down other two knights
and sir gareth smote down other two knights. then said sir arthur unto
sir launcelot: see yonder three knights do passingly well, and namely
the first that jousted. sir, said launcelot, that knight began not yet
but ye shall see him this day do marvellously. and then came into the
place the duke’s son of orkney, and then they began to do many deeds of
arms.

when sir tristram saw them so begin, he said to palomides: how feel ye
yourself? may ye do this day as ye did yesterday? nay, said palomides,
i feel myself so weary, and so sore bruised of the deeds of yesterday,
that i may not endure as i did yesterday. that me repenteth, said sir
tristram, for i shall lack you this day. sir palomides said: trust not
to me, for i may not do as i did. all these words said palomides for to
beguile sir tristram. sir, said sir tristram unto sir gareth, then must
i trust upon you; wherefore i pray you be not far from me to rescue me.
an need be, said sir gareth, i shall not fail you in all that i may do.
then sir palomides rode by himself; and then in despite of sir tristram
he put himself in the thickest press among them of orkney, and there he
did so marvellously deeds of arms that all men had wonder of him, for
there might none stand him a stroke.

when sir tristram saw sir palomides do such deeds, he marvelled and
said to himself: he is weary of my company. so sir tristram beheld him
a great while and did but little else, for the noise and cry was so
huge and great that sir tristram marvelled from whence came the
strength that sir palomides had there in the field. sir, said sir
gareth unto sir tristram, remember ye not of the words that sir dinadan
said to you yesterday, when he called you a coward; forsooth, sir, he
said it for none ill, for ye are the man in the world that he most
loveth, and all that he said was for your worship. and therefore, said
sir gareth to sir tristram, let me know this day what ye be; and wonder
ye not so upon sir palomides, for he enforceth himself to win all the
worship and honour from you. i may well believe it, said sir tristram.
and sithen i understand his evil will and his envy, ye shall see, if
that i enforce myself, that the noise shall be left that now is upon
him.

then sir tristram rode into the thickest of the press, and then he did
so marvellously well, and did so great deeds of arms, that all men said
that sir tristram did double so much deeds of arms as sir palomides had
done aforehand. and then the noise went plain from sir palomides, and
all the people cried upon sir tristram. o jesu, said the people, see
how sir tristram smiteth down with his spear so many knights. and see,
said they all, how many knights he smiteth down with his sword, and of
how many knights he rashed off their helms and their shields; and so he
beat them all of orkney afore him. how now, said sir launcelot unto
king arthur, i told you that this day there would a knight play his
pageant. yonder rideth a knight ye may see he doth knightly, for he
hath strength and wind. so god me help, said arthur to launcelot, ye
say sooth, for i saw never a better knight, for he passeth far sir
palomides. sir, wit ye well, said launcelot, it must be so of right,
for it is himself, that noble knight sir tristram. i may right well
believe it, said arthur.

but when sir palomides heard the noise and the cry was turned from him,
he rode out on a part and beheld sir tristram. and when sir palomides
saw sir tristram do so marvellously well he wept passingly sore for
despite, for he wist well he should no worship win that day; for well
knew sir palomides, when sir tristram would put forth his strength and
his manhood, be should get but little worship that day.




chapter lxxv. how sir tristram departed of the field, and awaked sir
dinadan, and changed his array into black.


then came king arthur, and the king of northgalis, and sir launcelot du
lake; and sir bleoberis, sir bors de ganis, sir ector de maris, these
three knights came into the field with sir launcelot. and then sir
launcelot with the three knights of his kin did so great deeds of arms
that all the noise began upon sir launcelot. and so they beat the king
of wales and the king of scots far aback, and made them to avoid the
field; but sir tristram and sir gareth abode still in the field and
endured all that ever there came, that all men had wonder that any
knight might endure so many strokes. but ever sir launcelot, and his
three kinsmen by the commandment of sir launcelot, forbare sir
tristram. then said sir arthur: is that sir palomides that endureth so
well? nay, said sir launcelot, wit ye well it is the good knight sir
tristram, for yonder ye may see sir palomides beholdeth and hoveth, and
doth little or nought. and sir, ye shall understand that sir tristram
weeneth this day to beat us all out of the field. and as for me, said
sir launcelot, i shall not beat him, beat him whoso will. sir, said
launcelot unto arthur, ye may see how sir palomides hoveth yonder, as
though he were in a dream; wit ye well he is full heavy that tristram
doth such deeds of arms. then is he but a fool, said arthur, for never
was sir palomides, nor never shall be, of such prowess as sir tristram.
and if he have any envy at sir tristram, and cometh in with him upon
his side he is a false knight.

as the king and sir launcelot thus spake, sir tristram rode privily out
of the press, that none espied him but la beale isoud and sir
palomides, for they two would not let off their eyes upon sir tristram.
and when sir tristram came to his pavilions he found sir dinadan in his
bed asleep. awake, said tristram, ye ought to be ashamed so to sleep
when knights have ado in the field. then sir dinadan arose lightly and
said: what will ye that i shall do? make you ready, said sir tristram,
to ride with me into the field. so when sir dinadan was armed he looked
upon sir tristram’s helm and on his shield, and when he saw so many
strokes upon his helm and upon his shield he said: in good time was i
thus asleep, for had i been with you i must needs for shame there have
followed you; more for shame than any prowess that is in me; that i see
well now by those strokes that i should have been truly beaten as i was
yesterday. leave your japes, said sir tristram, and come off, that [we]
were in the field again. what, said sir dinadan, is your heart up?
yesterday ye fared as though ye had dreamed. so then sir tristram was
arrayed in black harness. o jesu, said dinadan, what aileth you this
day? meseemeth ye be wilder than ye were yesterday. then smiled sir
tristram and said to dinadan: await well upon me; if ye see me
overmatched look that ye be ever behind me, and i shall make you ready
way by god’s grace. so sir tristram and sir dinadan took their horses.
all this espied sir palomides, both their going and their coming, and
so did la beale isoud, for she knew sir tristram above all other.




chapter lxxvi. how sir palomides changed his shield and his armour for
to hurt sir tristram, and how sir launcelot did to sir tristram.


then when sir palomides saw that sir tristram was disguised, then he
thought to do him a shame. so sir palomides rode to a knight that was
sore wounded, that sat under a fair well from the field. sir knight,
said sir palomides, i pray you to lend me your armour and your shield,
for mine is over-well known in this field, and that hath done me great
damage; and ye shall have mine armour and my shield that is as sure as
yours. i will well, said the knight, that ye have mine armour and my
shield, if they may do you any avail. so sir palomides armed him
hastily in that knight’s armour and his shield that shone as any
crystal or silver, and so he came riding into the field. and then there
was neither sir tristram nor none of king arthur’s party that knew sir
palomides. and right so as sir palomides was come into the field sir
tristram smote down three knights, even in the sight of sir palomides.
and then sir palomides rode against sir tristram, and either met other
with great spears, that they brast to their hands. and then they dashed
together with swords eagerly. then sir tristram had marvel what knight
he was that did battle so knightly with him. then was sir tristram
wroth, for he felt him passing strong, so that he deemed he might not
have ado with the remnant of the knights, because of the strength of
sir palomides. so they lashed together and gave many sad strokes
together, and many knights marvelled what knight he might be that so
encountered with the black knight, sir tristram. full well knew la
beale isoud that there was sir palomides that fought with sir tristram,
for she espied all in her window where that she stood, as sir palomides
changed his harness with the wounded knight. and then she began to weep
so heartily for the despite of sir palomides that there she swooned.

then came in sir launcelot with the knights of orkney. and when the
other party had espied sir launcelot, they cried: return, return, here
cometh sir launcelot du lake. so there came knights and said: sir
launcelot, ye must needs fight with yonder knight in the black harness,
that was sir tristram, for he hath almost overcome that good knight
that fighteth with him with the silver shield, that was sir palomides.
then sir launcelot rode betwixt sir tristram and sir palomides, and sir
launcelot said to palomides: sir knight, let me have the battle, for ye
have need to be reposed. sir palomides knew sir launcelot well, and so
did sir tristram, but because sir launcelot was far hardier knight than
himself therefore he was glad, and suffered sir launcelot to fight with
sir tristram. for well wist he that sir launcelot knew not sir
tristram, and there he hoped that sir launcelot should beat or shame
sir tristram, whereof sir palomides was full fain. and so sir launcelot
gave sir tristram many sad strokes, but sir launcelot knew not sir
tristram, but sir tristram knew well sir launcelot. and thus they
fought long together, that la beale isoud was well-nigh out of her mind
for sorrow.

then sir dinadan told sir gareth how that knight in the black harness
was sir tristram: and this is launcelot that fighteth with him, that
must needs have the better of him, for sir tristram hath had too much
travail this day. then let us smite him down, said sir gareth. so it is
better that we do, said sir dinadan, than sir tristram be shamed, for
yonder hoveth the strong knight with the silver shield to fall upon sir
tristram if need be. then forthwithal gareth rushed upon sir launcelot,
and gave him a great stroke upon his helm so hard that he was astonied.
and then came sir dinadan with a spear, and he smote sir launcelot such
a buffet that horse and all fell to the earth. o jesu, said sir
tristram to sir gareth and sir dinadan, fie for shame, why did ye smite
down so good a knight as he is, and namely when i had ado with him? now
ye do yourself great shame, and him no disworship; for i held him
reasonable hot, though ye had not holpen me.

then came sir palomides that was disguised, and smote down sir dinadan
from his horse. then sir launcelot, because sir dinadan had smitten him
aforehand, then sir launcelot assailed sir dinadan passing sore, and
sir dinadan defended him mightily. but well understood sir tristram
that sir dinadan might not endure sir launcelot, wherefore sir tristram
was sorry. then came sir palomides fresh upon sir tristram. and when
sir tristram saw him come, he thought to deliver him at once, because
that he would help sir dinadan, because he stood in great peril with
sir launcelot. then sir tristram hurtled unto sir palomides and gave
him a great buffet, and then sir tristram gat sir palomides and pulled
him down underneath him. and so fell sir tristram with him; and sir
tristram leapt up lightly and left sir palomides, and went betwixt sir
launcelot and dinadan, and then they began to do battle together.

right so sir dinadan gat sir tristram’s horse, and said on high that
sir launcelot might hear it: my lord sir tristram, take your horse. and
when sir launcelot heard him name sir tristram: o jesu, said launcelot,
what have i done? i am dishonoured. ah, my lord sir tristram, said
launcelot, why were ye disguised? ye have put yourself in great peril
this day; but i pray you noble knight to pardon me, for an i had known
you we had not done this battle. sir, said sir tristram, this is not
the first kindness ye showed me. so they were both horsed again.

then all the people on the one side gave sir launcelot the honour and
the degree, and on the other side all the people gave to the noble
knight sir tristram the honour and the degree; but launcelot said nay
thereto: for i am not worthy to have this honour, for i will report me
unto all knights that sir tristram hath been longer in the field than
i, and he hath smitten down many more knights this day than i have
done. and therefore i will give sir tristram my voice and my name, and
so i pray all my lords and fellows so to do. then there was the whole
voice of dukes and earls, barons and knights, that sir tristram this
day is proved the best knight.




chapter lxxvii. how sir tristram departed with la beale isoud, and how
palomides followed and excused him.


then they blew unto lodging, and queen isoud was led unto her
pavilions. but wit you well she was wroth out of measure with sir
palomides, for she saw all his treason from the beginning to the
ending. and all this while neither sir tristram, neither sir gareth nor
dinadan, knew not of the treason of sir palomides; but afterward ye
shall hear that there befell the greatest debate betwixt sir tristram
and sir palomides that might be.

so when the tournament was done, sir tristram, gareth, and dinadan,
rode with la beale isoud to these pavilions. and ever sir palomides
rode with them in their company disguised as he was. but when sir
tristram had espied him that he was the same knight with the shield of
silver that held him so hot that day: sir knight, said sir tristram,
wit ye well here is none that hath need of your fellowship, and
therefore i pray you depart from us. sir palomides answered again as
though he had not known sir tristram: wit you well, sir knight, from
this fellowship will i never depart, for one of the best knights of the
world commanded me to be in this company, and till he discharge me of
my service i will not be discharged. by that sir tristram knew that it
was sir palomides. ah, sir palomides, said the noble knight sir
tristram, are ye such a knight? ye have been named wrong, for ye have
long been called a gentle knight, and as this day ye have showed me
great ungentleness, for ye had almost brought me unto my death. but, as
for you, i suppose i should have done well enough, but sir launcelot
with you was overmuch; for i know no knight living but sir launcelot is
over good for him, an he will do his uttermost. alas, said sir
palomides, are ye my lord sir tristram? yea, sir, and that ye know well
enough. by my knighthood, said palomides, until now i knew you not; i
weened that ye had been the king of ireland, for well i wot ye bare his
arms. his arms i bare, said sir tristram, and that will i stand by, for
i won them once in a field of a full noble knight, his name was sir
marhaus; and with great pain i won that knight, for there was none
other recover, but sir marhaus died through false leeches; and yet was
he never yolden to me. sir, said palomides, i weened ye had been turned
upon sir launcelot’s party, and that caused me to turn. ye say well,
said sir tristram, and so i take you, and i forgive you.

so then they rode into their pavilions; and when they were alighted
they unarmed them and washed their faces and hands, and so yode unto
meat, and were set at their table. but when isoud saw sir palomides she
changed then her colours, and for wrath she might not speak. anon sir
tristram espied her countenance and said: madam, for what cause make ye
us such cheer? we have been sore travailed this day. mine own lord,
said la beale isoud, for god’s sake be ye not displeased with me, for i
may none otherwise do; for i saw this day how ye were betrayed and nigh
brought to your death. truly, sir, i saw every deal, how and in what
wise, and therefore, sir, how should i suffer in your presence such a
felon and traitor as sir palomides; for i saw him with mine eyes, how
he beheld you when ye went out of the field. for ever he hoved still
upon his horse till he saw you come in againward. and then forthwithal
i saw him ride to the hurt knight, and changed harness with him, and
then straight i saw him how he rode into the field. and anon as he had
found you he encountered with you, and thus wilfully sir palomides did
battle with you; and as for him, sir, i was not greatly afraid, but i
dread sore launcelot, that knew you not. madam, said palomides, ye may
say whatso ye will, i may not contrary you, but by my knighthood i knew
not sir tristram. sir palomides, said sir tristram, i will take your
excuse, but well i wot ye spared me but little, but all is pardoned on
my part. then la beale isoud held down her head and said no more at
that time.




chapter lxxviii. how king arthur and sir launcelot came unto their
pavilions as they sat at supper, and of sir palomides.


and therewithal two knights armed came unto the pavilion, and there
they alighted both, and came in armed at all pieces. fair knights, said
sir tristram, ye are to blame to come thus armed at all pieces upon me
while we are at our meat; if ye would anything when we were in the
field there might ye have eased your hearts. not so, said the one of
those knights, we come not for that intent, but wit ye well sir
tristram, we be come hither as your friends. and i am come here, said
the one, for to see you, and this knight is come for to see la beale
isoud. then said sir tristram: i require you do off your helms that i
may see you. that will we do at your desire, said the knights. and when
their helms were off, sir tristram thought that he should know them.

then said sir dinadan privily unto sir tristram: sir, that is sir
launcelot du lake that spake unto you first, and the other is my lord
king arthur. then, said sir tristram unto la beale isoud, madam arise,
for here is my lord, king arthur. then the king and the queen kissed,
and sir launcelot and sir tristram braced either other in arms, and
then there was joy without measure; and at the request of la beale
isoud, king arthur and launcelot were unarmed, and then there was merry
talking. madam, said sir arthur, it is many a day sithen that i have
desired to see you, for ye have been praised so far; and now i dare say
ye are the fairest that ever i saw, and sir tristram is as fair and as
good a knight as any that i know; therefore me beseemeth ye are well
beset together. sir, god thank you, said the noble knight, sir
tristram, and isoud; of your great goodness and largess ye are
peerless. thus they talked of many things and of all the whole jousts.
but for what cause, said king arthur, were ye, sir tristram, against
us? ye are a knight of the table round; of right ye should have been
with us. sir, said sir tristram, here is dinadan, and sir gareth your
own nephew, caused me to be against you. my lord arthur, said gareth, i
may well bear the blame, but it were sir tristram’s own deeds. that may
i repent, said dinadan, for this unhappy sir tristram brought us to
this tournament, and many great buffets he caused us to have. then the
king and launcelot laughed that they might not sit.

what knight was that, said arthur, that held you so short, this with
the shield of silver? sir, said sir tristram, here he sitteth at this
board. what, said arthur, was it sir palomides? wit ye well it was he,
said la beale isoud. so god me help, said arthur, that was unknightly
done of you of so good a knight, for i have heard many people call you
a courteous knight. sir, said palomides, i knew not sir tristram, for
he was so disguised. so god me help, said launcelot, it may well be,
for i knew not sir tristram; but i marvel why ye turned on our party.
that was done for the same cause, said launcelot. as for that, said sir
tristram, i have pardoned him, and i would be right loath to leave his
fellowship, for i love right well his company: so they left off and
talked of other things.

and in the evening king arthur and sir launcelot departed unto their
lodging; but wit ye well sir palomides had envy heartily, for all that
night he had never rest in his bed, but wailed and wept out of measure.
so on the morn sir tristram, gareth, and dinadan arose early, and then
they went unto sir palomides’ chamber, and there they found him fast
asleep, for he had all night watched, and it was seen upon his cheeks
that he had wept full sore. say nothing, said sir tristram, for i am
sure he hath taken anger and sorrow for the rebuke that i gave to him,
and la beale isoud.




chapter lxxix. how sir tristram and sir palomides did the next day, and
how king arthur was unhorsed.


then sir tristram let call sir palomides, and bade him make him ready,
for it was time to go to the field. when they were ready they were
armed, and clothed all in red, both isoud and all they; and so they led
her passing freshly through the field, into the priory where was her
lodging. and then they heard three blasts blow, and every king and
knight dressed him unto the field. and the first that was ready to
joust was sir palomides and sir kainus le strange, a knight of the
table round. and so they two encountered together, but sir palomides
smote sir kainus so hard that he smote him quite over his horse’s
croup. and forthwithal sir palomides smote down another knight, and
brake then his spear, and pulled out his sword and did wonderly well.
and then the noise began greatly upon sir palomides. lo, said king
arthur, yonder palomides beginneth to play his pageant. so god me help,
said arthur, he is a passing good knight. and right as they stood
talking thus, in came sir tristram as thunder, and he encountered with
sir kay the seneschal, and there he smote him down quite from his
horse; and with that same spear sir tristram smote down three knights
more, and then he pulled out his sword and did marvellously. then the
noise and cry changed from sir palomides and turned to sir tristram,
and all the people cried: o tristram, o tristram. and then was sir
palomides clean forgotten.

how now, said launcelot unto arthur, yonder rideth a knight that
playeth his pageants. so god me help, said arthur to launcelot, ye
shall see this day that yonder two knights shall here do this day
wonders. sir, said launcelot, the one knight waiteth upon the other,
and enforceth himself through envy to pass the noble knight sir
tristram, and he knoweth not of the privy envy the which sir palomides
hath to him; for all that the noble sir tristram doth is through clean
knighthood. and then sir gareth and dinadan did wonderly great deeds of
arms, as two noble knights, so that king arthur spake of them great
honour and worship; and the kings and knights of sir tristram’s side
did passingly well, and held them truly together. then sir arthur and
sir launcelot took their horses and dressed them, and gat into the
thickest of the press. and there sir tristram unknowing smote down king
arthur, and then sir launcelot would have rescued him, but there were
so many upon sir launcelot that they pulled him down from his horse.
and then the king of ireland and the king of scots with their knights
did their pain to take king arthur and sir launcelot prisoner. when sir
launcelot heard them say so, he fared as it had been an hungry lion,
for he fared so that no knight durst nigh him.

then came sir ector de maris, and he bare a spear against sir
palomides, and brast it upon him all to shivers. and then sir ector
came again and gave sir palomides such a dash with a sword that he
stooped down upon his saddle bow. and forthwithal sir ector pulled down
sir palomides under his feet; and then sir ector de maris gat sir
launcelot du lake an horse, and brought it to him, and bade him mount
upon him; but sir palomides leapt afore and gat the horse by the
bridle, and leapt into the saddle. so god me help, said launcelot, ye
are better worthy to have that horse than i. then sir ector brought sir
launcelot another horse. gramercy, said launcelot unto his brother. and
so when he was horsed again, with one spear he smote down four knights.
and then sir launcelot brought to king arthur one of the best of the
four horses. then sir launcelot with king arthur and a few of his
knights of sir launcelot’s kin did marvellous deeds; for that time, as
the book recordeth, sir launcelot smote down and pulled down thirty
knights. notwithstanding the other party held them so fast together
that king arthur and his knights were overmatched. and when sir
tristram saw that, what labour king arthur and his knights, and in
especial the noble deeds that sir launcelot did with his own hands, he
marvelled greatly.




chapter lxxx. how sir tristram turned to king arthur’s side, and how
palomides would not.


then sir tristram called unto him sir palomides, sir gareth, and sir
dinadan, and said thus to them: my fair fellows, wit ye well that i
will turn unto king arthur’s party, for i saw never so few men do so
well, and it will be shame unto us knights that be of the round table
to see our lord king arthur, and that noble knight sir launcelot, to be
dishonoured. it will be well done, said sir gareth and sir dinadan. do
your best, said palomides, for i will not change my party that i came
in withal. that is for my sake, said sir tristram; god speed you in
your journey. and so departed sir palomides from them. then sir
tristram, gareth, and dinadan, turned with sir launcelot. and then sir
launcelot smote down the king of ireland quite from his horse; and so
sir launcelot smote down the king of scots, and the king of wales; and
then sir arthur ran unto sir palomides and smote him quite from his
horse; and then sir tristram bare down all that he met. sir gareth and
sir dinadan did there as noble knights; then all the parties began to
flee. alas, said palomides, that ever i should see this day, for now
have i lost all the worship that i won; and then sir palomides went his
way wailing, and so withdrew him till he came to a well, and there he
put his horse from him, and did off his armour, and wailed and wept
like as he had been a wood man. then many knights gave the prize to sir
tristram, and there were many that gave the prize unto sir launcelot.
fair lords, said sir tristram, i thank you of the honour ye would give
me, but i pray you heartily that ye would give your voice to sir
launcelot, for by my faith said sir tristram, i will give sir launcelot
my voice. but sir launcelot would not have it, and so the prize was
given betwixt them both.

then every man rode to his lodging, and sir bleoberis and sir ector
rode with sir tristram and la beale isoud unto their pavilions. then as
sir palomides was at the well wailing and weeping, there came by him
flying the kings of wales and of scotland, and they saw sir palomides
in that arage. alas, said they, that so noble a man as ye be should be
in this array. and then those kings gat sir palomides’ horse again, and
made him to arm him and mount upon his horse, and so he rode with them,
making great dole. so when sir palomides came nigh the pavilions
thereas sir tristram and la beale isoud was in, then sir palomides
prayed the two kings to abide him there the while that he spake with
sir tristram. and when he came to the port of the pavilions, sir
palomides said on high: where art thou, sir tristram de liones? sir,
said dinadan, that is palomides. what, sir palomides, will ye not come
in here among us? fie on thee traitor, said palomides, for wit you well
an it were daylight as it is night i should slay thee, mine own hands.
and if ever i may get thee, said palomides, thou shalt die for this
day’s deed. sir palomides, said sir tristram, ye wite me with wrong,
for had ye done as i did ye had won worship. but sithen ye give me so
large warning i shall be well ware of you. fie on thee, traitor, said
palomides, and therewith departed.

then on the morn sir tristram, bleoberis, and sir ector de maris, sir
gareth, sir dinadan, what by water and what by land, they brought la
beale isoud unto joyous gard, and there reposed them a seven night, and
made all the mirths and disports that they could devise. and king
arthur and his knights drew unto camelot, and sir palomides rode with
the two kings; and ever he made the greatest dole that any man could
think, for he was not all only so dolorous for the departing from la
beale isoud, but he was a part as sorrowful to depart from the
fellowship of sir tristram; for sir tristram was so kind and so gentle
that when sir palomides remembered him thereof he might never be merry.




chapter lxxxi. how sir bleoberis and sir ector reported to queen
guenever of the beauty of la beale isoud.


so at the seven nights’ end sir bleoberis and sir ector departed from
sir tristram and from the queen; and these two good knights had great
gifts; and sir gareth and sir dinadan abode with sir tristram. and when
sir bleoberis and sir ector were come there as the queen guenever was
lodged, in a castle by the seaside, and through the grace of god the
queen was recovered of her malady, then she asked the two knights from
whence they came. they said that they came from sir tristram and from
la beale isoud. how doth sir tristram, said the queen, and la beale
isoud? truly, said those two knights, he doth as a noble knight should
do; and as for the queen isoud, she is peerless of all ladies; for to
speak of her beauty, bounté, and mirth, and of her goodness, we saw
never her match as far as we have ridden and gone. o mercy jesu, said
queen guenever, so saith all the people that have seen her and spoken
with her. god would that i had part of her conditions; and it is
misfortuned me of my sickness while that tournament endured. and as i
suppose i shall never see in all my life such an assembly of knights
and ladies as ye have done.

then the knights told her how palomides won the degree at the first day
with great noblesse; and the second day sir tristram won the degree;
and the third day sir launcelot won the degree. well, said queen
guenever, who did best all these three days? so god me help, said these
knights, sir launcelot and sir tristram had least dishonour. and wit ye
well sir palomides did passing well and mightily; but he turned against
the party that he came in withal, and that caused him to lose a great
part of his worship, for it seemed that sir palomides is passing
envious. then shall he never win worship, said queen guenever, for an
it happeth an envious man once to win worship he shall be dishonoured
twice therefore; and for this cause all men of worship hate an envious
man, and will shew him no favour, and he that is courteous, and kind,
and gentle, hath favour in every place.




chapter lxxxii. how epinogris complained by a well, and how sir
palomides came and found him, and of their both sorrowing.


now leave we of this matter and speak we of sir palomides, that rode
and lodged him with the two kings, whereof the kings were heavy. then
the king of ireland sent a man of his to sir palomides, and gave him a
great courser, and the king of scotland gave him great gifts; and fain
they would have had sir palomides to have abiden with them, but in no
wise he would abide; and so he departed, and rode as adventures would
guide him, till it was nigh noon. and then in a forest by a well sir
palomides saw where lay a fair wounded knight and his horse bounden by
him; and that knight made the greatest dole that ever he heard man
make, for ever he wept, and therewith he sighed as though he would die.
then sir palomides rode near him and saluted him mildly and said: fair
knight, why wail ye so? let me lie down and wail with you, for doubt
not i am much more heavier than ye are; for i dare say, said palomides,
that my sorrow is an hundred fold more than yours is, and therefore let
us complain either to other. first, said the wounded knight, i require
you tell me your name, for an thou be none of the noble knights of the
round table thou shalt never know my name, whatsomever come of me. fair
knight, said palomides, such as i am, be it better or be it worse, wit
thou well that my name is sir palomides, son and heir unto king
astlabor, and sir safere and sir segwarides are my two brethren; and
wit thou well as for myself i was never christened, but my two brethren
are truly christened. o noble knight, said that knight, well is me that
i have met with you; and wit ye well my name is epinogris, the king’s
son of northumberland. now sit down, said epinogris, and let us either
complain to other.

then sir palomides began his complaint. now shall i tell you, said
palomides, what woe i endure. i love the fairest queen and lady that
ever bare life, and wit ye well her name is la beale isoud, king mark’s
wife of cornwall. that is great folly, said epinogris, for to love
queen isoud, for one of the best knights of the world loveth her, that
is sir tristram de liones. that is truth, said palomides, for no man
knoweth that matter better than i do, for i have been in sir tristram’s
fellowship this month, and with la beale isoud together; and alas, said
palomides, unhappy man that i am, now have i lost the fellowship of sir
tristram for ever, and the love of la beale isoud for ever, and i am
never like to see her more, and sir tristram and i be either to other
mortal enemies. well, said epinogris, sith that ye loved la beale
isoud, loved she you ever again by anything that ye could think or wit,
or else did ye rejoice her ever in any pleasure? nay, by my knighthood,
said palomides, i never espied that ever she loved me more than all the
world, nor never had i pleasure with her, but the last day she gave me
the greatest rebuke that ever i had, the which shall never go from my
heart. and yet i well deserved that rebuke, for i did not knightly, and
therefore i have lost the love of her and of sir tristram for ever; and
i have many times enforced myself to do many deeds for la beale isoud’s
sake, and she was the causer of my worship-winning. alas, said sir
palomides, now have i lost all the worship that ever i won, for never
shall me befall such prowess as i had in the fellowship of sir
tristram.




chapter lxxxiii. how sir palomides brought sir epinogris his lady; and
how sir palomides and sir safere were assailed.


nay, nay, said epinogris, your sorrow is but japes to my sorrow; for i
rejoiced my lady and won her with my hands, and lost her again: alas
that day! thus first i won her, said epinogris; my lady was an earl’s
daughter, and as the earl and two knights came from the tournament of
lonazep, for her sake i set upon this earl and on his two knights, my
lady there being present; and so by fortune there i slew the earl and
one of the knights, and the other knight fled, and so that night i had
my lady. and on the morn as she and i reposed us at this well-side
there came there to me an errant knight, his name was sir helior le
preuse, an hardy knight, and this sir helior challenged me to fight for
my lady. and then we went to battle first upon horse and after on foot,
but at the last sir helior wounded me so that he left me for dead, and
so he took my lady with him; and thus my sorrow is more than yours, for
i have rejoiced and ye rejoiced never. that is truth, said palomides,
but sith i can never recover myself i shall promise you if i can meet
with sir helior i shall get you your lady again, or else he shall beat
me.

then sir palomides made sir epinogris to take his horse, and so they
rode to an hermitage, and there sir epinogris rested him. and in the
meanwhile sir palomides walked privily out to rest him under the
leaves, and there beside he saw a knight come riding with a shield that
he had seen sir ector de maris bear beforehand; and there came after
him a ten knights, and so these ten knights hoved under the leaves for
heat. and anon after there came a knight with a green shield and
therein a white lion, leading a lady upon a palfrey. then this knight
with the green shield that seemed to be master of the ten knights, he
rode fiercely after sir helior, for it was he that hurt sir epinogris.
and when he came nigh sir helior he bade him defend his lady. i will
defend her, said helior, unto my power. and so they ran together so
mightily that either of these knights smote other down, horse and all,
to the earth; and then they won up lightly and drew their swords and
their shields, and lashed together mightily more than an hour. all this
sir palomides saw and beheld, but ever at the last the knight with sir
ector’s shield was bigger, and at the last this knight smote sir helior
down, and then that knight unlaced his helm to have stricken off his
head. and then he cried mercy, and prayed him to save his life, and
bade him take his lady. then sir palomides dressed him up, because he
wist well that that same lady was epinogris’ lady, and he promised him
to help him.

then sir palomides went straight to that lady, and took her by the
hand, and asked her whether she knew a knight that hight epinogris.
alas, she said, that ever he knew me or i him, for i have for his sake
lost my worship, and also his life grieveth me most of all. not so,
lady, said palomides, come on with me, for here is epinogris in this
hermitage. ah! well is me, said the lady, an he be alive. whither wilt
thou with that lady? said the knight with sir ector’s shield. i will do
with her what me list, said palomides. wit you well, said that knight,
thou speakest over large, though thou seemest me to have at advantage,
because thou sawest me do battle but late. thou weenest, sir knight, to
have that lady away from me so lightly? nay, think it never not; an
thou were as good a knight as is sir launcelot, or as is sir tristram,
or sir palomides, but thou shalt win her dearer than ever did i. and so
they went unto battle upon foot, and there they gave many sad strokes,
and either wounded other passing sore, and thus they fought still more
than an hour.

then sir palomides had marvel what knight he might be that was so
strong and so well breathed during, and thus said palomides: knight, i
require thee tell me thy name. wit thou well, said that knight, i dare
tell thee my name, so that thou wilt tell me thy name. i will, said
palomides. truly, said that knight, my name is safere, son of king
astlabor, and sir palomides and sir segwarides are my brethren. now,
and wit thou well, my name is sir palomides. then sir safere kneeled
down upon his knees, and prayed him of mercy; and then they unlaced
their helms and either kissed other weeping. and in the meanwhile sir
epinogris arose out of his bed, and heard them by the strokes, and so
he armed him to help sir palomides if need were.




chapter lxxxiv. how sir palomides and sir safere conducted sir
epinogris to his castle, and of other adventures.


then sir palomides took the lady by the hand and brought her to sir
epinogris, and there was great joy betwixt them, for either swooned for
joy. when they were met: fair knight and lady, said sir safere, it were
pity to depart you; jesu send you joy either of other. gramercy, gentle
knight, said epinogris; and much more thanks be to my lord sir
palomides, that thus hath through his prowess made me to get my lady.
then sir epinogris required sir palomides and sir safere, his brother,
to ride with them unto his castle, for the safeguard of his person.
sir, said palomides, we will be ready to conduct you because that ye
are sore wounded; and so was epinogris and his lady horsed, and his
lady behind him upon a soft ambler. and then they rode unto his castle,
where they had great cheer and joy, as great as ever sir palomides and
sir safere had in their life-days.

so on the morn sir safere and sir palomides departed, day until after
noon. and at the last they heard a great weeping and a great noise down
in a manor. sir, said then sir safere, let us wit what noise this is. i
will well, said sir palomides. and so they rode forth till that they
came to a fair gate of a manor, and there sat an old man saying his
prayers and beads. then sir palomides and sir safere alighted and left
their horses, and went within the gates, and there they saw full many
goodly men weeping. fair sirs, said palomides, wherefore weep ye and
make this sorrow? anon one of the knights of the castle beheld sir
palomides and knew him, and then went to his fellows and said: fair
fellows, wit ye well all, we have in this castle the same knight that
slew our lord at lonazep, for i know him well; it is sir palomides.
then they went unto harness, all that might bear harness, some on
horseback and some on foot, to the number of three score. and when they
were ready they came freshly upon sir palomides and upon sir safere
with a great noise, and said thus: keep thee, sir palomides, for thou
art known, and by right thou must be dead, for thou hast slain our
lord; and therefore wit ye well we will slay thee, therefore defend
thee.

then sir palomides and sir safere, the one set his back to the other,
and gave many great strokes, and took many great strokes; and thus they
fought with a twenty knights and forty gentlemen and yeomen nigh two
hours. but at the last though they were loath, sir palomides and sir
safere were taken and yolden, and put in a strong prison; and within
three days twelve knights passed upon them, and they found sir
palomides guilty, and sir safere not guilty, of their lord’s death. and
when sir safere should be delivered there was great dole betwixt sir
palomides and him, and many piteous complaints that sir safere made at
his departing, there is no maker can rehearse the tenth part. fair
brother, said palomides, let be thy dolour and thy sorrow. and if i be
ordained to die a shameful death, welcome be it; but an i had wist of
this death that i am deemed unto, i should never have been yolden. so
sir safere departed from his brother with the greatest dolour and
sorrow that ever made knight.

and on the morn they of the castle ordained twelve knights to ride with
sir palomides unto the father of the same knight that sir palomides
slew; and so they bound his legs under an old steed’s belly. and then
they rode with sir palomides unto a castle by the seaside, that hight
pelownes, and there sir palomides should have justice. thus was their
ordinance; and so they rode with sir palomides fast by the castle of
joyous gard. and as they passed by that castle there came riding out of
that castle by them one that knew sir palomides. and when that knight
saw sir palomides bounden upon a crooked courser, the knight asked sir
palomides for what cause he was led so. ah, my fair fellow and knight,
said palomides, i ride toward my death for the slaying of a knight at a
tournament of lonazep; and if i had not departed from my lord sir
tristram, as i ought not to have done, now might i have been sure to
have had my life saved; but i pray you, sir knight, recommend me unto
my lord, sir tristram, and unto my lady, queen isoud, and say to them
if ever i trespassed to them i ask them forgiveness. and also i beseech
you recommend me unto my lord, king arthur, and to all the fellowship
of the round table, unto my power. then that knight wept for pity of
sir palomides; and therewithal he rode unto joyous gard as fast as his
horse might run, and lightly that knight descended down off his horse
and went unto sir tristram, and there he told him all as ye have heard,
and ever the knight wept as he had been mad.




chapter lxxxv. how sir tristram made him ready to rescue sir palomides,
but sir launcelot rescued him or he came.


when sir tristram heard how sir palomides went to his death, he was
heavy to hear that, and said: howbeit that i am wroth with sir
palomides, yet will not i suffer him to die so shameful a death, for he
is a full noble knight. and then anon sir tristram was armed and took
his horse and two squires with him, and rode a great pace toward the
castle of pelownes where sir palomides was judged to death. and these
twelve knights that led sir palomides passed by a well whereas sir
launcelot was, which was alighted there, and had tied his horse to a
tree, and taken off his helm to drink of that well; and when he saw
these knights, sir launcelot put on his helm and suffered them to pass
by him. and then was he ware of sir palomides bounden, and led
shamefully to his death. o jesu, said launcelot, what misadventure is
befallen him that he is thus led toward his death? forsooth, said
launcelot, it were shame to me to suffer this noble knight so to die an
i might help him, therefore i will help him whatsomever come of it, or
else i shall die for sir palomides’ sake. and then sir launcelot
mounted upon his horse, and gat his spear in his hand, and rode after
the twelve knights that led sir palomides. fair knights, said sir
launcelot, whither lead ye that knight? it beseemeth him full ill to
ride bounden. then these twelve knights suddenly turned their horses
and said to sir launcelot: sir knight, we counsel thee not to meddle
with this knight, for he hath deserved death, and unto death he is
judged. that me repenteth, said launcelot, that i may not borrow him
with fairness, for he is over good a knight to die such a shameful
death. and therefore, fair knights, said sir launcelot, keep you as
well as ye can, for i will rescue that knight or die for it.

then they began to dress their spears, and sir launcelot smote the
foremost down, horse and man, and so he served three more with one
spear; and then that spear brast, and therewithal sir launcelot drew
his sword, and then he smote on the right hand and on the left hand.
then within a while he left none of those twelve knights, but he had
laid them to the earth, and the most part of them were sore wounded.
and then sir launcelot took the best horse that he found, and loosed
sir palomides and set him upon that horse; and so they returned again
unto joyous gard, and then was sir palomides ware of sir tristram how
he came riding. and when sir launcelot saw him he knew him well, but
sir tristram knew him not because sir launcelot had on his shoulder a
golden shield. so sir launcelot made him ready to joust with sir
tristram, that sir tristram should not ween that he were sir launcelot.
then sir palomides cried aloud to sir tristram: o my lord, i require
you joust not with this knight, for this good knight hath saved me from
my death. when sir tristram heard him say so he came a soft trotting
pace toward them. and then sir palomides said: my lord, sir tristram,
much am i beholding unto you of your great goodness, that would proffer
your noble body to rescue me undeserved, for i have greatly offended
you. notwithstanding, said sir palomides, here met we with this noble
knight that worshipfully and manly rescued me from twelve knights, and
smote them down all and wounded them sore.




chapter lxxxvi. how sir tristram and launcelot, with palomides, came to
joyous gard; and of palomides and sir tristram.


fair knight, said sir tristram unto sir launcelot, of whence be ye? i
am a knight errant, said sir launcelot, that rideth to seek many
adventures. what is your name? said sir tristram. sir, at this time i
will not tell you. then sir launcelot said unto sir tristram and to
palomides: now either of you are met together i will depart from you.
not so, said sir tristram; i pray you of knighthood to ride with me
unto my castle. wit you well, said sir launcelot, i may not ride with
you, for i have many deeds to do in other places, that at this time i
may not abide with you. ah, mercy jesu, said sir tristram, i require
you as ye be a true knight to the order of knighthood, play you with me
this night. then sir tristram had a grant of sir launcelot: howbeit
though he had not desired him he would have ridden with them, outher
soon have come after them; for sir launcelot came for none other cause
into that country but for to see sir tristram. and when they were come
within joyous gard they alighted, and their horses were led into a
stable; and then they unarmed them. and when sir launcelot was
unhelmed, sir tristram and sir palomides knew him. then sir tristram
took sir launcelot in arms, and so did la beale isoud; and palomides
kneeled down upon his knees and thanked sir launcelot. when sir
launcelot saw sir palomides kneel he lightly took him up and said thus:
wit thou well, sir palomides, i and any knight in this land, of worship
ought of very right succour and rescue so noble a knight as ye are
proved and renowned, throughout all this realm endlong and overthwart.
and then was there joy among them, and the oftener that sir palomides
saw la beale isoud the heavier he waxed day by day.

then sir launcelot within three or four days departed, and with him
rode sir ector de maris; and dinadan and sir palomides were there left
with sir tristram a two months and more. but ever sir palomides faded
and mourned, that all men had marvel wherefore he faded so away. so
upon a day, in the dawning, sir palomides went into the forest by
himself alone; and there he found a well, and then he looked into the
well, and in the water he saw his own visage, how he was disturbed and
defaded, nothing like that he was. what may this mean? said sir
palomides, and thus he said to himself: ah, palomides, palomides, why
art thou defaded, thou that was wont to be called one of the fairest
knights of the world? i will no more lead this life, for i love that i
may never get nor recover. and therewithal he laid him down by the
well. and then he began to make a rhyme of la beale isoud and him.

and in the meanwhile sir tristram was that same day ridden into the
forest to chase the hart of greese; but sir tristram would not ride
a-hunting never more unarmed, because of sir breuse saunce pité. and so
as sir tristram rode into that forest up and down, he heard one sing
marvellously loud, and that was sir palomides that lay by the well. and
then sir tristram rode softly thither, for he deemed there was some
knight errant that was at the well. and when sir tristram came nigh him
he descended down from his horse and tied his horse fast till a tree,
and then he came near him on foot; and anon he was ware where lay sir
palomides by the well and sang loud and merrily; and ever the
complaints were of that noble queen, la beale isoud, the which was
marvellously and wonderfully well said, and full dolefully and
piteously made. and all the whole song the noble knight, sir tristram,
heard from the beginning to the ending, the which grieved and troubled
him sore.

but then at the last, when sir tristram had heard all sir palomides’
complaints, he was wroth out of measure, and thought for to slay him
thereas he lay. then sir tristram remembered himself that sir palomides
was unarmed, and of the noble name that sir palomides had, and the
noble name that himself had, and then he made a restraint of his anger;
and so he went unto sir palomides a soft pace and said: sir palomides,
i have heard your complaint, and of thy treason that thou hast owed me
so long, and wit thou well therefore thou shalt die; and if it were not
for shame of knighthood thou shouldest not escape my hands, for now i
know well thou hast awaited me with treason. tell me, said sir
tristram, how thou wilt acquit thee? sir, said palomides, thus i will
acquit me: as for queen la beale isoud, ye shall wit well that i love
her above all other ladies in this world; and well i wot it shall
befall me as for her love as befell to the noble knight sir kehydius,
that died for the love of la beale isoud. and now, sir tristram, i will
that ye wit that i have loved la beale isoud many a day, and she hath
been the causer of my worship, and else i had been the most simplest
knight in the world. for by her, and because of her, i have won the
worship that i have; for when i remembered me of la beale isoud i won
the worship wheresomever i came for the most part; and yet had i never
reward nor bounté of her the days of my life, and yet have i been her
knight guerdonless. and therefore, sir tristram, as for any death i
dread not, for i had as lief die as to live. and if i were armed as
thou art, i should lightly do battle with thee. well have ye uttered
your treason, said tristram. i have done to you no treason, said
palomides, for love is free for all men, and though i have loved your
lady, she is my lady as well as yours; howbeit i have wrong if any
wrong be, for ye rejoice her, and have your desire of her, and so had i
never nor never am like to have, and yet shall i love her to the
uttermost days of my life as well as ye.




chapter lxxxvii. how there was a day set between sir tristram and sir
palomides for to fight, and how sir tristram was hurt.


then said sir tristram: i will fight with you to the uttermost. i
grant, said palomides, for in a better quarrel keep i never to fight,
for an i die of your hands, of a better knight’s hands may i not be
slain. and sithen i understand that i shall never rejoice la beale
isoud, i have as good will to die as to live. then set ye a day, said
sir tristram, that we shall do battle. this day fifteen days, said
palomides, will i meet with you hereby, in the meadow under joyous
gard. fie for shame, said sir tristram, will ye set so long day? let us
fight to-morn. not so, said palomides, for i am meagre, and have been
long sick for the love of la beale isoud, and therefore i will repose
me till i have my strength again. so then sir tristram and sir
palomides promised faith fully to meet at the well that day fifteen
days. i am remembered, said sir tristram to palomides, that ye brake me
once a promise when that i rescued you from breuse saunce pité and nine
knights; and then ye promised me to meet me at the peron and the grave
beside camelot, whereas at that time ye failed of your promise. wit you
well, said palomides unto sir tristram, i was at that day in prison, so
that i might not hold my promise. so god me help, said sir tristram, an
ye had holden your promise this work had not been here now at this
time.

right so departed sir tristram and sir palomides. and so sir palomides
took his horse and his harness, and he rode unto king arthur’s court;
and there sir palomides gat him four knights and four
sergeants-of-arms, and so he returned againward unto joyous gard. and
in the meanwhile sir tristram chased and hunted at all manner of
venery; and about three days afore the battle should be, as sir
tristram chased an hart, there was an archer shot at the hart, and by
misfortune he smote sir tristram in the thick of the thigh, and the
arrow slew sir tristram’s horse and hurt him. when sir tristram was so
hurt he was passing heavy, and wit ye well he bled sore; and then he
took another horse, and rode unto joyous gard with great heaviness,
more for the promise that he had made with sir palomides, as to do
battle with him within three days after, than for any hurt of his
thigh. wherefore there was neither man nor woman that could cheer him
with anything that they could make to him, neither queen la beale
isoud; for ever he deemed that sir palomides had smitten him so that he
should not be able to do battle with him at the day set.




chapter lxxxviii. how sir palomides kept his day to have foughten, but
sir tristram might not come; and other things.


but in no wise there was no knight about sir tristram that would
believe that ever sir palomides would hurt sir tristram, neither by his
own hands nor by none other consenting. then when the fifteenth day was
come, sir palomides came to the well with four knights with him of
arthur’s court, and three sergeants-of-arms. and for this intent sir
palomides brought the knights with him and the sergeants-of-arms, for
they should bear record of the battle betwixt sir tristram and sir
palomides. and the one sergeant brought in his helm, the other his
spear, the third his sword. so thus palomides came into the field, and
there he abode nigh two hours; and then he sent a squire unto sir
tristram, and desired him to come into the field to hold his promise.

when the squire was come to joyous gard, anon as sir tristram heard of
his coming he let command that the squire should come to his presence
thereas he lay in his bed. my lord sir tristram, said palomides’
squire, wit you well my lord, palomides, abideth you in the field, and
he would wit whether ye would do battle or not. ah, my fair brother,
said sir tristram, wit thou well that i am right heavy for these
tidings; therefore tell sir palomides an i were well at ease i would
not lie here, nor he should have no need to send for me an i might
either ride or go; and for thou shalt say that i am no liar—sir
tristram showed him his thigh that the wound was six inches deep. and
now thou hast seen my hurt, tell thy lord that this is no feigned
matter, and tell him that i had liefer than all the gold of king arthur
that i were whole; and tell palomides as soon as i am whole i shall
seek him endlong and overthwart, and that i promise you as i am true
knight; and if ever i may meet with him, he shall have battle of me his
fill. and with this the squire departed; and when palomides wist that
tristram was hurt he was glad and said: now i am sure i shall have no
shame, for i wot well i should have had hard handling of him, and by
likely i must needs have had the worse, for he is the hardest knight in
battle that now is living except sir launcelot.

and then departed sir palomides whereas fortune led him, and within a
month sir tristram was whole of his hurt. and then he took his horse,
and rode from country to country, and all strange adventures he
achieved wheresomever he rode; and always he enquired for sir
palomides, but of all that quarter of summer sir tristram could never
meet with sir palomides. but thus as sir tristram sought and enquired
after sir palomides sir tristram achieved many great battles,
wherethrough all the noise fell to sir tristram, and it ceased of sir
launcelot; and therefore sir launcelot’s brethren and his kinsmen would
have slain sir tristram because of his fame. but when sir launcelot
wist how his kinsmen were set, he said to them openly: wit you well,
that an the envy of you all be so hardy to wait upon my lord, sir
tristram, with any hurt, shame, or villainy, as i am true knight i
shall slay the best of you with mine own hands. alas, fie for shame,
should ye for his noble deeds await upon him to slay him. jesu defend,
said launcelot, that ever any noble knight as sir tristram is should be
destroyed with treason. of this noise and fame sprang into cornwall,
and among them of liones, whereof they were passing glad, and made
great joy. and then they of liones sent letters unto sir tristram of
recommendation, and many great gifts to maintain sir tristram’s estate;
and ever, between, sir tristram resorted unto joyous gard whereas la
beale isoud was, that loved him as her life.

_here endeth the tenth book which is of sir tristram. and here
followeth the eleventh book which is of sir launcelot._




book xi.




chapter i. how sir launcelot rode on his adventure, and how he holp a
dolorous lady from her pain, and how that he fought with a dragon.


now leave we sir tristram de liones, and speak we of sir launcelot du
lake, and of sir galahad, sir launcelot’s son, how he was gotten, and
in what manner, as the book of french rehearseth. afore the time that
sir galahad was gotten or born, there came in an hermit unto king
arthur upon whitsunday, as the knights sat at the table round. and when
the hermit saw the siege perilous, he asked the king and all the
knights why that siege was void. sir arthur and all the knights
answered: there shall never none sit in that siege but one, but if he
be destroyed. then said the hermit: wot ye what is he? nay, said arthur
and all the knights, we wot not who is he that shall sit therein. then
wot i, said the hermit, for he that shall sit there is unborn and
ungotten, and this same year he shall be gotten that shall sit there in
that siege perilous, and he shall win the sangreal. when this hermit
had made this mention he departed from the court of king arthur.

and then after this feast sir launcelot rode on his adventure, till on
a time by adventure he passed over the pont of corbin; and there he saw
the fairest tower that ever he saw, and there-under was a fair town
full of people; and all the people, men and women, cried at once:
welcome, sir launcelot du lake, the flower of all knighthood, for by
thee all we shall be holpen out of danger. what mean ye, said sir
launcelot, that ye cry so upon me? ah, fair knight, said they all, here
is within this tower a dolorous lady that hath been there in pains many
winters and days, for ever she boileth in scalding water; and but late,
said all the people, sir gawaine was here and he might not help her,
and so he left her in pain. so may i, said sir launcelot, leave her in
pain as well as sir gawaine did. nay, said the people, we know well
that it is sir launcelot that shall deliver her. well, said launcelot,
then shew me what i shall do.

then they brought sir launcelot into the tower; and when he came to the
chamber thereas this lady was, the doors of iron unlocked and unbolted.
and so sir launcelot went into the chamber that was as hot as any stew.
and there sir launcelot took the fairest lady by the hand that ever he
saw, and she was naked as a needle; and by enchantment queen morgan le
fay and the queen of northgalis had put her there in that pains,
because she was called the fairest lady of that country; and there she
had been five years, and never might she be delivered out of her great
pains unto the time the best knight of the world had taken her by the
hand. then the people brought her clothes. and when she was arrayed,
sir launcelot thought she was the fairest lady of the world, but if it
were queen guenever.

then this lady said to sir launcelot: sir, if it please you will ye go
with me hereby into a chapel that we may give loving and thanking unto
god? madam, said sir launcelot, come on with me, i will go with you. so
when they came there and gave thankings to god all the people, both
learned and lewd, gave thankings unto god and him, and said: sir
knight, since ye have delivered this lady, ye shall deliver us from a
serpent there is here in a tomb. then sir launcelot took his shield and
said: bring me thither, and what i may do unto the pleasure of god and
you i will do. so when sir launcelot came thither he saw written upon
the tomb letters of gold that said thus: here shall come a leopard of
king’s blood, and he shall slay this serpent, and this leopard shall
engender a lion in this foreign country, the which lion shall pass all
other knights. so then sir launcelot lift up the tomb, and there came
out an horrible and a fiendly dragon, spitting fire out of his mouth.
then sir launcelot drew his sword and fought with the dragon long, and
at the last with great pain sir launcelot slew that dragon. therewithal
came king pelles, the good and noble knight, and saluted sir launcelot,
and he him again. fair knight, said the king, what is your name? i
require you of your knighthood tell me!




chapter ii. how sir launcelot came to pelles, and of the sangreal, and
of elaine, king pelles’ daughter.


sir, said launcelot, wit you well my name is sir launcelot du lake. and
my name is, said the king, pelles, king of the foreign country, and
cousin nigh unto joseph of armathie. and then either of them made much
of other, and so they went into the castle to take their repast. and
anon there came in a dove at a window, and in her mouth there seemed a
little censer of gold. and herewithal there was such a savour as all
the spicery of the world had been there. and forthwithal there was upon
the table all manner of meats and drinks that they could think upon. so
came in a damosel passing fair and young, and she bare a vessel of gold
betwixt her hands; and thereto the king kneeled devoutly, and said his
prayers, and so did all that were there. o jesu, said sir launcelot,
what may this mean? this is, said the king, the richest thing that any
man hath living. and when this thing goeth about, the round table shall
be broken; and wit thou well, said the king, this is the holy sangreal
that ye have here seen. so the king and sir launcelot led their life
the most part of that day. and fain would king pelles have found the
mean to have had sir launcelot to have lain by his daughter, fair
elaine. and for this intent: the king knew well that sir launcelot
should get a child upon his daughter, the which should be named sir
galahad the good knight, by whom all the foreign country should be
brought out of danger, and by him the holy greal should be achieved.

then came forth a lady that hight dame brisen, and she said unto the
king: sir, wit ye well sir launcelot loveth no lady in the world but
all only queen guenever; and therefore work ye by counsel, and i shall
make him to lie with your daughter, and he shall not wit but that he
lieth with queen guenever. o fair lady, dame brisen, said the king,
hope ye to bring this about? sir, said she, upon pain of my life let me
deal; for this brisen was one of the greatest enchantresses that was at
that time in the world living. then anon by dame brisen’s wit she made
one to come to sir launcelot that he knew well. and this man brought
him a ring from queen guenever like as it had come from her, and such
one as she was wont for the most part to wear; and when sir launcelot
saw that token wit ye well he was never so fain. where is my lady? said
sir launcelot. in the castle of case, said the messenger, but five mile
hence. then sir launcelot thought to be there the same might. and then
this brisen by the commandment of king pelles let send elaine to this
castle with twenty-five knights unto the castle of case. then sir
launcelot against night rode unto that castle, and there anon he was
received worshipfully with such people, to his seeming, as were about
queen guenever secret.

so when sir launcelot was alighted, he asked where the queen was. so
dame brisen said she was in her bed; and then the people were avoided,
and sir launcelot was led unto his chamber. and then dame brisen
brought sir launcelot a cup full of wine; and anon as he had drunken
that wine he was so assotted and mad that he might make no delay, but
withouten any let he went to bed; and he weened that maiden elaine had
been queen guenever. wit you well that sir launcelot was glad, and so
was that lady elaine that she had gotten sir launcelot in her arms. for
well she knew that same night should be gotten upon her galahad that
should prove the best knight of the world; and so they lay together
until underne of the morn; and all the windows and holes of that
chamber were stopped that no manner of day might be seen. and then sir
launcelot remembered him, and he arose up and went to the window.




chapter iii. how sir launcelot was displeased when he knew that he had
lain by dame elaine, and how she was delivered of galahad.


and anon as he had unshut the window the enchantment was gone; then he
knew himself that he had done amiss. alas, he said, that i have lived
so long; now i am shamed. so then he gat his sword in his hand and
said: thou traitress, what art thou that i have lain by all this night?
thou shalt die right here of my hands. then this fair lady elaine
skipped out of her bed all naked, and kneeled down afore sir launcelot,
and said: fair courteous knight, come of king’s blood, i require you
have mercy upon me, and as thou art renowned the most noble knight of
the world, slay me not, for i have in my womb him by thee that shall be
the most noblest knight of the world. ah, false traitress, said sir
launcelot, why hast thou betrayed me? anon tell me what thou art. sir,
she said, i am elaine, the daughter of king pelles. well, said sir
launcelot, i will forgive you this deed; and therewith he took her up
in his arms, and kissed her, for she was as fair a lady, and thereto
lusty and young, and as wise, as any was that time living. so god me
help, said sir launcelot, i may not wite this to you; but her that made
this enchantment upon me as between you and me, an i may find her, that
same lady brisen, she shall lose her head for witchcrafts, for there
was never knight deceived so as i am this night. and so sir launcelot
arrayed him, and armed him, and took his leave mildly at that lady
young elaine, and so he departed. then she said: my lord sir launcelot,
i beseech you see me as soon as ye may, for i have obeyed me unto the
prophecy that my father told me. and by his commandment to fulfil this
prophecy i have given the greatest riches and the fairest flower that
ever i had, and that is my maidenhood that i shall never have again;
and therefore, gentle knight, owe me your good will.

and so sir launcelot arrayed him and was armed, and took his leave
mildly at that young lady elaine; and so he departed, and rode till he
came to the castle of corbin, where her father was. and as fast as her
time came she was delivered of a fair child, and they christened him
galahad; and wit ye well that child was well kept and well nourished,
and he was named galahad because sir launcelot was so named at the
fountain stone; and after that the lady of the lake confirmed him sir
launcelot du lake.

then after this lady was delivered and churched, there came a knight
unto her, his name was sir bromel la pleche, the which was a great
lord; and he had loved that lady long, and he evermore desired her to
wed her; and so by no mean she could put him off, till on a day she
said to sir bromel: wit thou well, sir knight, i will not love you, for
my love is set upon the best knight of the world. who is he? said sir
bromel. sir, she said, it is sir launcelot du lake that i love and none
other, and therefore woo me no longer. ye say well, said sir bromel,
and sithen ye have told me so much, ye shall have but little joy of sir
launcelot, for i shall slay him wheresomever i meet him. sir, said the
lady elaine, do to him no treason. wit ye well, my lady, said bromel,
and i promise you this twelvemonth i shall keep the pont of corbin for
sir launcelot’s sake, that he shall neither come nor go unto you, but i
shall meet with him.




chapter iv. how sir bors came to dame elaine and saw galahad, and how
he was fed with the sangreal.


then as it fell by fortune and adventure, sir bors de ganis, that was
nephew unto sir launcelot, came over that bridge; and there sir bromel
and sir bors jousted, and sir bors smote sir bromel such a buffet that
he bare him over his horse’s croup. and then sir bromel, as an hardy
knight, pulled out his sword, and dressed his shield to do battle with
sir bors. and then sir bors alighted and avoided his horse, and there
they dashed together many sad strokes; and long thus they fought, till
at the last sir bromel was laid to the earth, and there sir bors began
to unlace his helm to slay him. then sir bromel cried sir bors mercy,
and yielded him. upon this covenant thou shalt have thy life, said sir
bors, so thou go unto sir launcelot upon whitsunday that next cometh,
and yield thee unto him as knight recreant. i will do it, said sir
bromel, and that he sware upon the cross of the sword. and so he let
him depart, and sir bors rode unto king pelles, that was within corbin.

and when the king and elaine his daughter wist that sir bors was nephew
unto sir launcelot, they made him great cheer. then said dame elaine:
we marvel where sir launcelot is, for he came never here but once.
marvel not, said sir bors, for this half year he hath been in prison
with queen morgan le fay, king arthur’s sister. alas, said dame elaine,
that me repenteth. and ever sir bors beheld that child in her arms, and
ever him seemed it was passing like sir launcelot. truly, said elaine,
wit ye well this child he gat upon me. then sir bors wept for joy, and
he prayed to god it might prove as good a knight as his father was. and
so came in a white dove, and she bare a little censer of gold in her
mouth, and there was all manner of meats and drinks; and a maiden bare
that sangreal, and she said openly: wit you well, sir bors, that this
child is galahad, that shall sit in the siege perilous, and achieve the
sangreal, and he shall be much better than ever was sir launcelot du
lake, that is his own father. and then they kneeled down and made their
devotions, and there was such a savour as all the spicery in the world
had been there. and when the dove took her flight, the maiden vanished
with the sangreal as she came.

sir, said sir bors unto king pelles, this castle may be named the
castle adventurous, for here be many strange adventures. that is sooth,
said the king, for well may this place be called the adventures place,
for there come but few knights here that go away with any worship; be
he never so strong, here he may be proved; and but late sir gawaine,
the good knight, gat but little worship here. for i let you wit, said
king pelles, here shall no knight win no worship but if he be of
worship himself and of good living, and that loveth god and dreadeth
god, and else he getteth no worship here, be he never so hardy. that is
wonderful thing, said sir bors. what ye mean in this country i wot not,
for ye have many strange adventures, and therefore i will lie in this
castle this night. ye shall not do so, said king pelles, by my counsel,
for it is hard an ye escape without a shame. i shall take the adventure
that will befall me, said sir bors. then i counsel you, said the king,
to be confessed clean. as for that, said sir bors, i will be shriven
with a good will. so sir bors was confessed, and for all women sir bors
was a virgin, save for one, that was the daughter of king brangoris,
and on her he gat a child that hight elaine, and save for her sir bors
was a clean maiden.

and so sir bors was led unto bed in a fair large chamber, and many
doors were shut about the chamber. when sir bors espied all those
doors, he avoided all the people, for he might have nobody with him;
but in no wise sir bors would unarm him, but so he laid him down upon
the bed. and right so he saw come in a light, that he might well see a
spear great and long that came straight upon him pointling, and to sir
bors seemed that the head of the spear brent like a taper. and anon, or
sir bors wist, the spear head smote him into the shoulder an
hand-breadth in deepness, and that wound grieved sir bors passing sore.
and then he laid him down again for pain; and anon therewithal there
came a knight armed with his shield on his shoulder and his sword in
his hand, and he bade sir bors: arise, sir knight, and fight with me. i
am sore hurt, he said, but yet i shall not fail thee. and then sir bors
started up and dressed his shield; and then they lashed together
mightily a great while; and at the last sir bors bare him backward
until that he came unto a chamber door, and there that knight yede into
that chamber and rested him a great while. and when he had reposed him
he came out freshly again, and began new battle with sir bors mightily
and strongly.




chapter v. how sir bors made sir pedivere to yield him, and of
marvellous adventures that he had, and how he achieved them.


then sir bors thought he should no more go into that chamber to rest
him, and so sir bors dressed him betwixt the knight and that chamber
door, and there sir bors smote him down, and then that knight yielded
him. what is your name? said sir bors. sir, said he, my name is
pedivere of the straight marches. so sir bors made him to swear at
whitsunday next coming to be at the court of king arthur, and yield him
there as a prisoner as an overcome knight by the hands of sir bors. so
thus departed sir pedivere of the straight marches. and then sir bors
laid him down to rest, and then he heard and felt much noise in that
chamber; and then sir bors espied that there came in, he wist not
whether at the doors nor windows, shot of arrows and of quarrels so
thick that he marvelled, and many fell upon him and hurt him in the
bare places.

and then sir bors was ware where came in an hideous lion; so sir bors
dressed him unto the lion, and anon the lion bereft him his shield, and
with his sword sir bors smote off the lion’s head. right so sir bors
forthwithal saw a dragon in the court passing horrible, and there
seemed letters of gold written in his forehead; and sir bors thought
that the letters made a signification of king arthur. right so there
came an horrible leopard and an old, and there they fought long, and
did great battle together. and at the last the dragon spit out of his
mouth as it had been an hundred dragons; and lightly all the small
dragons slew the old dragon and tare him all to pieces.

anon withal there came an old man into the hall, and he sat him down in
a fair chair, and there seemed to be two adders about his neck; and
then the old man had an harp, and there he sang an old song how joseph
of armathie came into this land. then when he had sung, the old man
bade sir bors go from thence. for here shall ye have no more
adventures; and full worshipfully have ye done, and better shall ye do
hereafter. and then sir bors seemed that there came the whitest dove
with a little golden censer in her mouth. and anon therewithal the
tempest ceased and passed, that afore was marvellous to hear. so was
all that court full of good savours. then sir bors saw four children
bearing four fair tapers, and an old man in the midst of the children
with a censer in his own hand, and a spear in his other hand, and that
spear was called the spear of vengeance.




chapter vi. how sir bors departed; and how sir launcelot was rebuked of
queen guenever, and of his excuse.


now, said that old man to sir bors, go ye to your cousin, sir
launcelot, and tell him of this adventure the which had been most
convenient for him of all earthly knights; but sin is so foul in him he
may not achieve such holy deeds, for had not been his sin he had passed
all the knights that ever were in his days; and tell thou sir
launcelot, of all worldly adventures he passeth in manhood and prowess
all other, but in this spiritual matters he shall have many his better.
and then sir bors saw four gentlewomen come by him, purely beseen: and
he saw where that they entered into a chamber where was great light as
it were a summer light; and the women kneeled down afore an altar of
silver with four pillars, and as it had been a bishop kneeled down
afore that table of silver. and as sir bors looked over his head he saw
a sword like silver, naked, hoving over his head, and the clearness
thereof smote so in his eyes that as at that time sir bors was blind;
and there he heard a voice that said: go hence, thou sir bors, for as
yet thou art not worthy for to be in this place. and then he yede
backward to his bed till on the morn. and on the morn king pelles made
great joy of sir bors; and then he departed and rode to camelot, and
there he found sir launcelot du lake, and told him of the adventures
that he had seen with king pelles at corbin.

so the noise sprang in arthur’s court that launcelot had gotten a child
upon elaine, the daughter of king pelles, wherefore queen guenever was
wroth, and gave many rebukes to sir launcelot, and called him false
knight. and then sir launcelot told the queen all, and how he was made
to lie by her by enchantment in likeness of the queen. so the queen
held sir launcelot excused. and as the book saith, king arthur had been
in france, and had made war upon the mighty king claudas, and had won
much of his lands. and when the king was come again he let cry a great
feast, that all lords and ladies of all england should be there, but if
it were such as were rebellious against him.




chapter vii. how dame elaine, galahad’s mother, came in great estate
unto camelot, and how sir launcelot behaved him there.


and when dame elaine, the daughter of king pelles, heard of this feast
she went to her father and required him that he would give her leave to
ride to that feast. the king answered: i will well ye go thither, but
in any wise as ye love me and will have my blessing, that ye be well
beseen in the richest wise; and look that ye spare not for no cost; ask
and ye shall have all that you needeth. then by the advice of dame
brisen, her maiden, all thing was apparelled unto the purpose, that
there was never no lady more richlier beseen. so she rode with twenty
knights, and ten ladies, and gentlewomen, to the number of an hundred
horses. and when she came to camelot, king arthur and queen guenever
said, and all the knights, that dame elaine was the fairest and the
best beseen lady that ever was seen in that court. and anon as king
arthur wist that she was come he met her and saluted her, and so did
the most part of all the knights of the round table, both sir tristram,
sir bleoberis, and sir gawaine, and many more that i will not rehearse.
but when sir launcelot saw her he was so ashamed, and that because he
drew his sword on the morn when he had lain by her, that he would not
salute her nor speak to her; and yet sir launcelot thought she was the
fairest woman that ever he saw in his life-days.

but when dame elaine saw sir launcelot that would not speak unto her
she was so heavy that she weened her heart would have to-brast; for wit
you well, out of measure she loved him. and then elaine said unto her
woman, dame brisen: the unkindness of sir launcelot slayeth me near.
ah, peace, madam, said dame brisen, i will undertake that this night he
shall lie with you, an ye would hold you still. that were me liefer,
said dame elaine, than all the gold that is above the earth. let me
deal, said dame brisen. so when elaine was brought unto queen guenever
either made other good cheer by countenance, but nothing with hearts.
but all men and women spake of the beauty of dame elaine, and of her
great riches.

then, at night, the queen commanded that dame elaine should sleep in a
chamber nigh her chamber, and all under one roof; and so it was done as
the queen commanded. then the queen sent for sir launcelot and bade him
come to her chamber that night: or else i am sure, said the queen, that
ye will go to your lady’s bed, dame elaine, by whom ye gat galahad. ah,
madam, said sir launcelot, never say ye so, for that i did was against
my will. then, said the queen, look that ye come to me when i send for
you. madam, said launcelot, i shall not fail you, but i shall be ready
at your commandment. this bargain was soon done and made between them,
but dame brisen knew it by her crafts, and told it to her lady, dame
elaine. alas, said she, how shall i do? let me deal, said dame brisen,
for i shall bring him by the hand even to your bed, and he shall ween
that i am queen guenever’s messenger. now well is me, said dame elaine,
for all the world i love not so much as i do sir launcelot.




chapter viii. how dame brisen by enchantment brought sir launcelot to
dame elaine’s bed, and how queen guenever rebuked him.


so when time came that all folks were abed, dame brisen came to sir
launcelot’s bed’s side and said: sir launcelot du lake, sleep you? my
lady, queen guenever, lieth and awaiteth upon you. o my fair lady, said
sir launcelot, i am ready to go with you where ye will have me. so sir
launcelot threw upon him a long gown, and his sword in his hand; and
then dame brisen took him by the finger and led him to her lady’s bed,
dame elaine; and then she departed and left them in bed together. wit
you well the lady was glad, and so was sir launcelot, for he weened
that he had had another in his arms.

now leave we them kissing and clipping, as was kindly thing; and now
speak we of queen guenever that sent one of her women unto sir
launcelot’s bed; and when she came there she found the bed cold, and he
was away; so she came to the queen and told her all. alas, said the
queen, where is that false knight become? then the queen was nigh out
of her wit, and then she writhed and weltered as a mad woman, and might
not sleep a four or five hours. then sir launcelot had a condition that
he used of custom, he would clatter in his sleep, and speak oft of his
lady, queen guenever. so as sir launcelot had waked as long as it had
pleased him, then by course of kind he slept, and dame elaine both. and
in his sleep he talked and clattered as a jay, of the love that had
been betwixt queen guenever and him. and so as he talked so loud the
queen heard him thereas she lay in her chamber; and when she heard him
so clatter she was nigh wood and out of her mind, and for anger and
pain wist not what to do. and then she coughed so loud that sir
launcelot awaked, and he knew her hemming. and then he knew well that
he lay not by the queen; and therewith he leapt out of his bed as he
had been a wood man, in his shirt, and the queen met him in the floor;
and thus she said: false traitor knight that thou art, look thou never
abide in my court, and avoid my chamber, and not so hardy, thou false
traitor knight that thou art, that ever thou come in my sight. alas,
said sir launcelot; and therewith he took such an heartly sorrow at her
words that he fell down to the floor in a swoon. and therewithal queen
guenever departed. and when sir launcelot awoke of his swoon, he leapt
out at a bay window into a garden, and there with thorns he was all
to-scratched in his visage and his body; and so he ran forth he wist
not whither, and was wild wood as ever was man; and so he ran two year,
and never man might have grace to know him.




chapter ix. how dame elaine was commanded by queen guenever to avoid
the court, and how sir launcelot became mad.


now turn we unto queen guenever and to the fair lady elaine, that when
dame elaine heard the queen so to rebuke sir launcelot, and also she
saw how he swooned, and how he leaped out at a bay window, then she
said unto queen guenever: madam, ye are greatly to blame for sir
launcelot, for now have ye lost him, for i saw and heard by his
countenance that he is mad for ever. alas, madam, ye do great sin, and
to yourself great dishonour, for ye have a lord of your own, and
therefore it is your part to love him; for there is no queen in this
world hath such another king as ye have. and, if ye were not, i might
have the love of my lord sir launcelot; and cause i have to love him
for he had my maidenhood, and by him i have borne a fair son, and his
name is galahad, and he shall be in his time the best knight of the
world. dame elaine, said the queen, when it is daylight i charge you
and command you to avoid my court; and for the love ye owe unto sir
launcelot discover not his counsel, for an ye do, it will be his death.
as for that, said dame elaine, i dare undertake he is marred for ever,
and that have ye made; for ye, nor i, are like to rejoice him; for he
made the most piteous groans when he leapt out at yonder bay window
that ever i heard man make. alas, said fair elaine, and alas, said the
queen guenever, for now i wot well we have lost him for ever.

so on the morn dame elaine took her leave to depart, and she would no
longer abide. then king arthur brought her on her way with mo than an
hundred knights through a forest. and by the way she told sir bors de
ganis all how it betid that same night, and how sir launcelot leapt out
at a window, araged out of his wit. alas, said sir bors, where is my
lord, sir launcelot, become? sir, said elaine, i wot ne’er. alas, said
sir bors, betwixt you both ye have destroyed that good knight. as for
me, said dame elaine, i said never nor did never thing that should in
any wise displease him, but with the rebuke that queen guenever gave
him i saw him swoon to the earth; and when he awoke he took his sword
in his hand, naked save his shirt, and leapt out at a window with the
grisliest groan that ever i heard man make. now farewell, dame elaine,
said sir bors, and hold my lord arthur with a tale as long as ye can,
for i will turn again to queen guenever and give her a hete; and i
require you, as ever ye will have my service, make good watch and espy
if ever ye may see my lord sir launcelot. truly, said fair elaine, i
shall do all that i may do, for as fain would i know and wit where he
is become, as you, or any of his kin, or queen guenever; and cause
great enough have i thereto as well as any other. and wit ye well, said
fair elaine to sir bors, i would lose my life for him rather than he
should be hurt; but alas, i cast me never for to see him, and the chief
causer of this is dame guenever. madam, said dame brisen, the which had
made the enchantment before betwixt sir launcelot and her, i pray you
heartily, let sir bors depart, and hie him with all his might as fast
as he may to seek sir launcelot, for i warn you he is clean out of his
mind; and yet he shall be well holpen an but by miracle.

then wept dame elaine, and so did sir bors de ganis; and so they
departed, and sir bors rode straight unto queen guenever. and when she
saw sir bors she wept as she were wood. fie on your weeping, said sir
bors de ganis, for ye weep never but when there is no bote. alas, said
sir bors, that ever sir launcelot’s kin saw you, for now have ye lost
the best knight of our blood, and he that was all our leader and our
succour; and i dare say and make it good that all kings, christian nor
heathen, may not find such a knight, for to speak of his nobleness and
courtesy, with his beauty and his gentleness. alas, said sir bors, what
shall we do that be of his blood? alas, said sir ector de maris. alas,
said lionel.




chapter x. what sorrow queen guenever made for sir launcelot, and how
he was sought by knights of his kin.


and when the queen heard them say so she fell to the earth in a dead
swoon. and then sir bors took her up, and dawed her; and when she was
awaked she kneeled afore the three knights, and held up both her hands,
and besought them to seek him. and spare not for no goods but that he
be found, for i wot he is out of his mind. and sir bors, sir ector, and
sir lionel departed from the queen, for they might not abide no longer
for sorrow. and then the queen sent them treasure enough for their
expenses, and so they took their horses and their armour, and departed.
and then they rode from country to country, in forests, and in
wilderness, and in wastes; and ever they laid watch both at forests and
at all manner of men as they rode, to hearken and spere after him, as
he that was a naked man, in his shirt, with a sword in his hand. and
thus they rode nigh a quarter of a year, endlong and overthwart, in
many places, forests and wilderness, and oft-times were evil lodged for
his sake; and yet for all their labour and seeking could they never
hear word of him. and wit you well these three knights were passing
sorry.

then at the last sir bors and his fellows met with a knight that hight
sir melion de tartare. now fair knight, said sir bors, whither be ye
away? for they knew either other afore time. sir, said melion, i am in
the way toward the court of king arthur. then we pray you, said sir
bors, that ye will tell my lord arthur, and my lady, queen guenever,
and all the fellowship of the round table, that we cannot in no wise
hear tell where sir launcelot is become. then sir melion departed from
them, and said that he would tell the king, and the queen, and all the
fellowship of the round table, as they had desired him. so when sir
melion came to the court of king arthur he told the king, and the
queen, and all the fellowship of the round table, what sir bors had
said of sir launcelot. then sir gawaine, sir uwaine, sir sagramore le
desirous, sir aglovale, and sir percivale de galis took upon them by
the great desire of king arthur, and in especial by the queen, to seek
throughout all england, wales, and scotland, to find sir launcelot, and
with them rode eighteen knights mo to bear them fellowship; and wit ye
well, they lacked no manner of spending; and so were they three and
twenty knights.

now turn we to sir launcelot, and speak we of his care and woe, and
what pain he there endured; for cold, hunger, and thirst, he had
plenty. and thus as these noble knights rode together, they by one
assent departed, and then they rode by two, by three, and by four, and
by five, and ever they assigned where they should meet. and so sir
aglovale and sir percivale rode together unto their mother that was a
queen in those days. and when she saw her two sons, for joy she wept
tenderly. and then she said: ah, my dear sons, when your father was
slain he left me four sons, of the which now be twain slain. and for
the death of my noble son, sir lamorak, shall my heart never be glad.
and then she kneeled down upon her knees to-fore aglovale and sir
percivale, and besought them to abide at home with her. ah, sweet
mother, said sir percivale, we may not, for we be come of king’s blood
of both parties, and therefore, mother, it is our kind to haunt arms
and noble deeds. alas, my sweet sons, then she said, for your sakes i
shall lose my liking and lust, and then wind and weather i may not
endure, what for the death of your father, king pellinore, that was
shamefully slain by the hands of sir gawaine, and his brother, sir
gaheris: and they slew him not manly but by treason. ah, my dear sons,
this is a piteous complaint for me of your father’s death, considering
also the death of sir lamorak, that of knighthood had but few fellows.
now, my dear sons, have this in your mind. then there was but weeping
and sobbing in the court when they should depart, and she fell
a-swooning in midst of the court.




chapter xi. how a servant of sir aglovale’s was slain, and what
vengeance sir aglovale and sir percivale did therefore.


and when she was awaked she sent a squire after them with spending
enough. and so when the squire had overtaken them, they would not
suffer him to ride with them, but sent him home again to comfort their
mother, praying her meekly of her blessing. and so this squire was
benighted, and by misfortune he happened to come to a castle where
dwelled a baron. and so when the squire was come into the castle, the
lord asked him from whence he came, and whom he served. my lord, said
the squire, i serve a good knight that is called sir aglovale: the
squire said it to good intent, weening unto him to have been more
forborne for sir aglovale’s sake, than he had said he had served the
queen, aglovale’s mother. well, my fellow, said the lord of that
castle, for sir aglovale’s sake thou shalt have evil lodging, for sir
aglovale slew my brother, and therefore thou shalt die on part of
payment. and then that lord commanded his men to have him away and slay
him; and so they did, and so pulled him out of the castle, and there
they slew him without mercy.

right so on the morn came sir aglovale and sir percivale riding by a
churchyard, where men and women were busy, and beheld the dead squire,
and they thought to bury him. what is there, said sir aglovale, that ye
behold so fast? a good man stert forth and said: fair knight, here
lieth a squire slain shamefully this night. how was he slain, fair
fellow? said sir aglovale. my fair sir, said the man, the lord of this
castle lodged this squire this night; and because he said he was
servant unto a good knight that is with king arthur, his name is sir
aglovale, therefore the lord commanded to slay him, and for this cause
is he slain. gramercy, said sir aglovale, and ye shall see his death
revenged lightly; for i am that same knight for whom this squire was
slain.

then sir aglovale called unto him sir percivale, and bade him alight
lightly; and so they alighted both, and betook their horses to their
men, and so they yede on foot into the castle. and all so soon as they
were within the castle gate sir aglovale bade the porter: go thou unto
thy lord and tell him that i am sir aglovale for whom this squire was
slain this night. anon the porter told this to his lord, whose name was
goodewin. anon he armed him, and then he came into the court and said:
which of you is sir aglovale? here i am, said aglovale: for what cause
slewest thou this night my mother’s squire? i slew him, said sir
goodewin, because of thee, for thou slewest my brother, sir gawdelin.
as for thy brother, said sir aglovale, i avow it i slew him, for he was
a false knight and a betrayer of ladies and of good knights; and for
the death of my squire thou shalt die. i defy thee, said sir goodewin.
then they lashed together as eagerly as it had been two lions, and sir
percivale he fought with all the remnant that would fight. and within a
while sir percivale had slain all that would withstand him; for sir
percivale dealt so his strokes that were so rude that there durst no
man abide him. and within a while sir aglovale had sir goodewin at the
earth, and there he unlaced his helm, and struck off his head. and then
they departed and took their horses; and then they let carry the dead
squire unto a priory, and there they interred him.




chapter xii. how sir pervivale departed secretly from his brother, and
how he loosed a knight bound with a chain, and of other doings.


and when this was done they rode into many countries, ever inquiring
after sir launcelot, but never they could hear of him; and at the last
they came to a castle that hight cardican, and there sir percivale and
sir aglovale were lodged together. and privily about midnight sir
percivale came to aglovale’s squire and said: arise and make thee
ready, for ye and i will ride away secretly. sir, said the squire, i
would full fain ride with you where ye would have me, but an my lord,
your brother, take me he will slay me. as for that care thou not, for i
shall be thy warrant.

and so sir percivale rode till it was after noon, and then he came upon
a bridge of stone, and there he found a knight that was bound with a
chain fast about the waist unto a pillar of stone. o fair knight, said
that bound knight, i require thee loose me of my bonds. what knight are
ye, said sir percivale, and for what cause are ye so bound? sir, i
shall tell you, said that knight: i am a knight of the table round, and
my name is sir persides; and thus by adventure i came this way, and
here i lodged in this castle at the bridge foot, and therein dwelleth
an uncourteous lady; and because she proffered me to be her paramour,
and i refused her, she set her men upon me suddenly or ever i might
come to my weapon; and thus they bound me, and here i wot well i shall
die but if some man of worship break my bands. be ye of good cheer,
said sir percivale, and because ye are a knight of the round table as
well as i, i trust to god to break your bands. and therewith sir
percivale pulled out his sword and struck at the chain with such a
might that he cut a-two the chain, and through sir persides’ hauberk
and hurt him a little. o jesu, said sir persides, that was a mighty
stroke as ever i felt one, for had not the chain been ye had slain me.

and therewithal sir persides saw a knight coming out of a castle all
that ever he might fling. beware, sir, said sir persides, yonder cometh
a man that will have ado with you. let him come, said sir percivale.
and so he met with that knight in midst of the bridge; and sir
percivale gave him such a buffet that he smote him quite from his horse
and over a part of the bridge, that, had not been a little vessel under
the bridge, that knight had been drowned. and then sir percivale took
the knight’s horse and made sir persides to mount up him; and so they
rode unto the castle, and bade the lady deliver sir persides’ servants,
or else he would slay all that ever he found; and so for fear she
delivered them all. then was sir percivale ware of a lady that stood in
that tower. ah, madam, said sir percivale, what use and custom is that
in a lady to destroy good knights but if they will be your paramour?
forsooth this is a shameful custom of a lady, and if i had not a great
matter in my hand i should fordo your evil customs.

and so sir persides brought sir percivale unto his own castle, and
there he made him great cheer all that night. and on the morn, when sir
percivale had heard mass and broken his fast, he bade sir persides ride
unto king arthur: and tell the king how that ye met with me; and tell
my brother, sir aglovale, how i rescued you; and bid him seek not after
me, for i am in the quest to seek sir launcelot du lake, and though he
seek me he shall not find me; and tell him i will never see him, nor
the court, till i have found sir launcelot. also tell sir kay the
seneschal, and to sir mordred, that i trust to jesu to be of as great
worthiness as either of them, for tell them i shall never forget their
mocks and scorns that they did to me that day that i was made knight;
and tell them i will never see that court till men speak more worship
of me than ever men did of any of them both. and so sir persides
departed from sir percivale, and then he rode unto king arthur, and
told there of sir percivale. and when sir aglovale heard him speak of
his brother sir percivale, he said: he departed from me unkindly.




chapter xiii. how sir percivale met with sir ector, and how they fought
long, and each had almost slain other.


sir, said sir persides, on my life he shall prove a noble knight as any
now is living. and when he saw sir kay and sir mordred, sir persides
said thus: my fair lords both, sir percivale greeteth you well both,
and he sent you word by me that he trusteth to god or ever he come to
the court again to be of as great noblesse as ever were ye both, and mo
men to speak of his noblesse than ever they did of you. it may well be,
said sir kay and sir mordred, but at that time when he was made knight
he was full unlike to prove a good knight. as for that, said king
arthur, he must needs prove a good knight, for his father and his
brethren were noble knights.

and now will we turn unto sir percivale that rode long; and in a forest
he met a knight with a broken shield and a broken helm; and as soon as
either saw other readily they made them ready to joust, and so hurtled
together with all the might of their horses, and met together so hard,
that sir percivale was smitten to the earth. and then sir percivale
arose lightly, and cast his shield on his shoulder and drew his sword,
and bade the other knight: alight, and do we battle unto the uttermost.
will ye more? said that knight. and therewith he alighted, and put his
horse from him; and then they came together an easy pace, and there
they lashed together with noble swords, and sometime they struck and
sometime they foined, and either gave other many great wounds. thus
they fought near half a day, and never rested but right little, and
there was none of them both that had less wounds than fifteen, and they
bled so much that it was marvel they stood on their feet. but this
knight that fought with sir percivale was a proved knight and a
wise-fighting knight, and sir percivale was young and strong, not
knowing in fighting as the other was.

then sir percivale spoke first, and said: sir knight, hold thy hand a
while still, for we have fought for a simple matter and quarrel
overlong, and therefore i require thee tell me thy name, for i was
never or this time matched. so god me help, said that knight, and never
or this time was there never knight that wounded me so sore as thou
hast done, and yet have i fought in many battles; and now shalt thou
wit that i am a knight of the table round, and my name is sir ector de
maris, brother unto the good knight, sir launcelot du lake. alas, said
sir percivale, and my name is sir percivale de galis that hath made my
quest to seek sir launcelot, and now i am siker that i shall never
finish my quest, for ye have slain me with your hands. it is not so,
said sir ector, for i am slain by your hands, and may not live.
therefore i require you, said sir ector unto sir percivale, ride ye
hereby to a priory, and bring me a priest that i may receive my
saviour, for i may not live. and when ye come to the court of king
arthur tell not my brother, sir launcelot, how that ye slew me, for
then he would be your mortal enemy, but ye may say that i was slain in
my quest as i sought him. alas, said sir percivale, ye say that never
will be, for i am so faint for bleeding that i may unnethe stand, how
should i then take my horse?




chapter xiv. how by miracle they were both made whole by the coming of
the holy vessel of sangreal.


then they made both great dole out of measure. this will not avail,
said sir percivale. and then he kneeled down and made his prayer
devoutly unto almighty jesu, for he was one of the best knights of the
world that at that time was, in whom the very faith stood most in.
right so there came by the holy vessel of the sangreal with all manner
of sweetness and savour; but they could not readily see who that bare
that vessel, but sir percivale had a glimmering of the vessel and of
the maiden that bare it, for he was a perfect clean maiden; and
forthwithal they both were as whole of hide and limb as ever they were
in their life-days: then they gave thankings to god with great
mildness. o jesu, said sir percivale, what may this mean, that we be
thus healed, and right now we were at the point of dying? i wot full
well, said sir ector, what it is; it is an holy vessel that is borne by
a maiden, and therein is part of the holy blood of our lord jesu
christ, blessed mote he be. but it may not be seen, said sir ector, but
if it be by a perfect man. so god me help, said sir percivale, i saw a
damosel, as me thought, all in white, with a vessel in both her hands,
and forthwithal i was whole.

so then they took their horses and their harness, and amended their
harness as well as they might that was broken; and so they mounted upon
their horses, and rode talking together. and there sir ector de maris
told sir percivale how he had sought his brother, sir launcelot, long,
and never could hear witting of him: in many strange adventures have i
been in this quest. and so either told other of their adventures.

_here endeth the eleventh book. and here followeth the twelfth book._




book xii.




chapter i. how sir launcelot in his madness took a sword and fought
with a knight, and leapt in a bed.


and now leave we of a while of sir ector and of sir percivale, and
speak we of sir launcelot that suffered and endured many sharp showers,
that ever ran wild wood from place to place, and lived by fruit and
such as he might get, and drank water two year; and other clothing had
he but little but his shirt and his breech. thus as sir launcelot
wandered here and there he came in a fair meadow where he found a
pavilion; and there by, upon a tree, there hung a white shield, and two
swords hung thereby, and two spears leaned there by a tree. and when
sir launcelot saw the swords, anon he leapt to the one sword, and took
it in his hand, and drew it out. and then he lashed at the shield, that
all the meadow rang of the dints, that he gave such a noise as ten
knights had foughten together.

then came forth a dwarf, and leapt unto sir launcelot, and would have
had the sword out of his hand. and then sir launcelot took him by the
both shoulders and threw him to the ground upon his neck, that he had
almost broken his neck; and therewithal the dwarf cried help. then came
forth a likely knight, and well apparelled in scarlet furred with
minever. and anon as he saw sir launcelot he deemed that he should be
out of his wit. and then he said with fair speech: good man, lay down
that sword, for as meseemeth thou hadst more need of sleep and of warm
clothes than to wield that sword. as for that, said sir launcelot, come
not too nigh, for an thou do, wit thou well i will slay thee.

and when the knight of the pavilion saw that, he stert backward within
the pavilion. and then the dwarf armed him lightly; and so the knight
thought by force and might to take the sword from sir launcelot, and so
he came stepping out; and when sir launcelot saw him come so all armed
with his sword in his hand, then sir launcelot flew to him with such a
might, and hit him upon the helm such a buffet, that the stroke
troubled his brains, and therewith the sword brake in three. and the
knight fell to the earth as he had been dead, the blood brasting out of
his mouth, the nose, and the ears. and then sir launcelot ran into the
pavilion, and rushed even into the warm bed; and there was a lady in
that bed, and she gat her smock, and ran out of the pavilion. and when
she saw her lord lie at the ground like to be dead, then she cried and
wept as she had been mad. then with her noise the knight awaked out of
his swoon, and looked up weakly with his eyes; and then he asked her,
where was that mad man that had given him such a buffet: for such a
buffet had i never of man’s hand. sir, said the dwarf, it is not
worship to hurt him, for he is a man out of his wit; and doubt ye not
he hath been a man of great worship, and for some heartly sorrow that
he hath taken, he is fallen mad; and me beseemeth, said the dwarf, he
resembleth much unto sir launcelot, for him i saw at the great
tournament beside lonazep. jesu defend, said that knight, that ever
that noble knight, sir launcelot, should be in such a plight; but
whatsomever he be, said that knight, harm will i none do him: and this
knight’s name was bliant. then he said unto the dwarf: go thou fast on
horseback, unto my brother sir selivant, that is at the castle blank,
and tell him of mine adventure, and bid him bring with him an horse
litter, and then will we bear this knight unto my castle.




chapter ii. how sir lancelot was carried in an horse litter, and how
sir launcelot rescued sir bliant, his host.


so the dwarf rode fast, and he came again and brought sir selivant with
him, and six men with an horse litter; and so they took up the feather
bed with sir launcelot, and so carried all away with them unto the
castle blank, and he never awaked till he was within the castle. and
then they bound his hands and his feet, and gave him good meats and
good drinks, and brought him again to his strength and his fairness;
but in his wit they could not bring him again, nor to know himself.
thus was sir launcelot there more than a year and a half, honestly
arrayed and fair faren withal.

then upon a day this lord of that castle, sir bliant, took his arms, on
horseback, with a spear, to seek adventures. and as he rode in a forest
there met with him two knights adventurous, the one was breuse saunce
pité, and his brother, sir bertelot; and these two ran both at once
upon sir bliant, and brake their spears upon his body. and then they
drew out swords and made great battle, and fought long together. but at
the last sir bliant was sore wounded, and felt himself faint; and then
he fled on horseback toward his castle. and as they came hurling under
the castle whereas sir launcelot lay in a window, [he] saw how two
knights laid upon sir bliant with their swords. and when sir launcelot
saw that, yet as wood as he was he was sorry for his lord, sir bliant.
and then sir launcelot brake the chains from his legs and off his arms,
and in the breaking he hurt his hands sore; and so sir launcelot ran
out at a postern, and there he met with the two knights that chased sir
bliant; and there he pulled down sir bertelot with his bare hands from
his horse, and therewithal he wrothe his sword out of his hand; and so
he leapt unto sir breuse, and gave him such a buffet upon the head that
he tumbled backward over his horse’s croup. and when sir bertelot saw
there his brother have such a fall, he gat a spear in his hand, and
would have run sir launcelot through: that saw sir bliant, and struck
off the hand of sir bertelot. and then sir breuse and sir bertelot gat
their horses and fled away.

when sir selivant came and saw what sir launcelot had done for his
brother, then he thanked god, and so did his brother, that ever they
did him any good. but when sir bliant saw that sir launcelot was hurt
with the breaking of his irons, then was he heavy that ever he bound
him. bind him no more, said sir selivant, for he is happy and gracious.
then they made great joy of sir launcelot, and they bound him no more;
and so he abode there an half year and more. and on the morn early sir
launcelot was ware where came a great boar with many hounds nigh him.
but the boar was so big there might no hounds tear him; and the hunters
came after, blowing their horns, both upon horseback and some upon
foot; and then sir launcelot was ware where one alighted and tied his
horse to a tree, and leaned his spear against the tree.




chapter iii. how sir launcelot fought against a boar and slew him, and
how he was hurt, and brought unto an hermitage.


so came sir launcelot and found the horse bounden till a tree, and a
spear leaning against a tree, and a sword tied to the saddle bow; and
then sir launcelot leapt into the saddle and gat that spear in his
hand, and then he rode after the boar; and then sir launcelot was ware
where the boar set his arse to a tree fast by an hermitage. then sir
launcelot ran at the boar with his spear, and therewith the boar turned
him nimbly, and rove out the lungs and the heart of the horse, so that
launcelot fell to the earth; and, or ever sir launcelot might get from
the horse, the boar rove him on the brawn of the thigh up to the hough
bone. and then sir launcelot was wroth, and up he gat upon his feet,
and drew his sword, and he smote off the boar’s head at one stroke. and
therewithal came out the hermit, and saw him have such a wound. then
the hermit came to sir launcelot and bemoaned him, and would have had
him home unto his hermitage; but when sir launcelot heard him speak, he
was so wroth with his wound that he ran upon the hermit to have slain
him, and the hermit ran away. and when sir launcelot might not overget
him, he threw his sword after him, for sir launcelot might go no
further for bleeding; then the hermit turned again, and asked sir
launcelot how he was hurt. fellow, said sir launcelot, this boar hath
bitten me sore. then come with me, said the hermit, and i shall heal
you. go thy way, said sir launcelot, and deal not with me.

then the hermit ran his way, and there he met with a good knight with
many men. sir, said the hermit, here is fast by my place the goodliest
man that ever i saw, and he is sore wounded with a boar, and yet he
hath slain the boar. but well i wot, said the hermit, and he be not
holpen, that goodly man shall die of that wound, and that were great
pity. then that knight at the desire of the hermit gat a cart, and in
that cart that knight put the boar and sir launcelot, for sir launcelot
was so feeble that they might right easily deal with him; and so sir
launcelot was brought unto the hermitage, and there the hermit healed
him of his wound. but the hermit might not find sir launcelot’s
sustenance, and so he impaired and waxed feeble, both of his body and
of his wit: for the default of his sustenance he waxed more wooder than
he was aforehand.

and then upon a day sir launcelot ran his way into the forest; and by
adventure he came to the city of corbin, where dame elaine was, that
bare galahad, sir launcelot’s son. and so when he was entered into the
town he ran through the town to the castle; and then all the young men
of that city ran after sir launcelot, and there they threw turves at
him, and gave him many sad strokes. and ever as sir launcelot might
overreach any of them, he threw them so that they would never come in
his hands no more; for of some he brake the legs and the arms, and so
fled into the castle; and then came out knights and squires and rescued
sir launcelot. and when they beheld him and looked upon his person,
they thought they saw never so goodly a man. and when they saw so many
wounds upon him, all they deemed that he had been a man of worship. and
then they ordained him clothes to his body, and straw underneath him,
and a little house. and then every day they would throw him meat, and
set him drink, but there was but few would bring him meat to his hands.




chapter iv. how sir launcelot was known by dame elaine, and was borne
into a chamber and after healed by the sangreal.


so it befell that king pelles had a nephew, his name was castor; and so
he desired of the king to be made knight, and so at the request of this
castor the king made him knight at the feast of candlemas. and when sir
castor was made knight, that same day he gave many gowns. and then sir
castor sent for the fool—that was sir launcelot. and when he was come
afore sir castor, he gave sir launcelot a robe of scarlet and all that
longed unto him. and when sir launcelot was so arrayed like a knight,
he was the seemliest man in all the court, and none so well made. so
when he saw his time he went into the garden, and there sir launcelot
laid him down by a well and slept. and so at-after noon dame elaine and
her maidens came into the garden to play them; and as they roamed up
and down one of dame elaine’s maidens espied where lay a goodly man by
the well sleeping, and anon showed him to dame elaine. peace, said dame
elaine, and say no word: and then she brought dame elaine where he lay.
and when that she beheld him, anon she fell in remembrance of him, and
knew him verily for sir launcelot; and therewithal she fell a-weeping
so heartily that she sank even to the earth; and when she had thus wept
a great while, then she arose and called her maidens and said she was
sick.

and so she yede out of the garden, and she went straight to her father,
and there she took him apart by herself; and then she said: o father,
now have i need of your help, and but if that ye help me farewell my
good days for ever. what is that, daughter? said king pelles. sir, she
said, thus is it: in your garden i went for to sport, and there, by the
well, i found sir launcelot du lake sleeping. i may not believe that,
said king pelles. sir, she said, truly he is there, and meseemeth he
should be distract out of his wit. then hold you still, said the king,
and let me deal. then the king called to him such as he most trusted, a
four persons, and dame elaine, his daughter. and when they came to the
well and beheld sir launcelot, anon dame brisen knew him. sir, said
dame brisen, we must be wise how we deal with him, for this knight is
out of his mind, and if we awake him rudely what he will do we all know
not; but ye shall abide, and i shall throw such an enchantment upon him
that he shall not awake within the space of an hour; and so she did.

then within a little while after, the king commanded that all people
should avoid, that none should be in that way thereas the king would
come. and so when this was done, these four men and these ladies laid
hand on sir launcelot, and so they bare him into a tower, and so into a
chamber where was the holy vessel of the sangreal, and by force sir
launcelot was laid by that holy vessel; and there came an holy man and
unhilled that vessel, and so by miracle and by virtue of that holy
vessel sir launcelot was healed and recovered. and when that he was
awaked he groaned and sighed, and complained greatly that he was
passing sore.




chapter v. how sir launcelot, after that he was whole and had his mind,
he was ashamed, and how that elaine desired a castle for him.


and when sir launcelot saw king pelles and elaine, he waxed ashamed and
said thus: o lord jesu, how came i here? for god’s sake, my lord, let
me wit how i came here. sir, said dame elaine, into this country ye
came like a madman, clean out of your wit, and here have ye been kept
as a fool; and no creature here knew what ye were, until by fortune a
maiden of mine brought me unto you whereas ye lay sleeping by a well,
and anon as i verily beheld you i knew you. and then i told my father,
and so were ye brought afore this holy vessel, and by the virtue of it
thus were ye healed. o jesu, mercy, said sir launcelot; if this be
sooth, how many there be that know of my woodness! so god me help, said
elaine, no more but my father, and i, and dame brisen. now for christ’s
love, said sir launcelot, keep it in counsel, and let no man know it in
the world, for i am sore ashamed that i have been thus miscarried; for
i am banished out of the country of logris for ever, that is for to say
the country of england.

and so sir launcelot lay more than a fortnight or ever that he might
stir for soreness. and then upon a day he said unto dame elaine these
words: lady elaine, for your sake i have had much travail, care, and
anguish, it needeth not to rehearse it, ye know how. notwithstanding i
know well i have done foul to you when that i drew my sword to you, to
have slain you, upon the morn when i had lain with you. and all was the
cause, that ye and dame brisen made me for to lie by you maugre mine
head; and as ye say, that night galahad your son was begotten. that is
truth, said dame elaine. now will ye for my love, said sir launcelot,
go unto your father and get me a place of him wherein i may dwell? for
in the court of king arthur may i never come. sir, said dame elaine, i
will live and die with you, and only for your sake; and if my life
might not avail you and my death might avail you, wit you well i would
die for your sake. and i will go to my father and i am sure there is
nothing that i can desire of him but i shall have it. and where ye be,
my lord sir launcelot, doubt ye not but i will be with you with all the
service that i may do. so forthwithal she went to her father and said,
sir, my lord, sir launcelot, desireth to be here by you in some castle
of yours. well daughter, said the king, sith it is his desire to abide
in these marches he shall be in the castle of bliant, and there shall
ye be with him, and twenty of the fairest ladies that be in the
country, and they shall all be of the great blood, and ye shall have
ten knights with you; for, daughter, i will that ye wit we all be
honoured by the blood of sir launcelot.




chapter vi. how sir launcelot came into the joyous isle, and there he
named himself le chevaler mal fet.


then went dame elaine unto sir launcelot, and told him all how her
father had devised for him and her. then came the knight sir castor,
that was nephew unto king pelles, unto sir launcelot, and asked him
what was his name. sir, said sir launcelot, my name is le chevaler mal
fet, that is to say the knight that hath trespassed. sir, said sir
castor, it may well be so, but ever meseemeth your name should be sir
launcelot du lake, for or now i have seen you. sir, said launcelot, ye
are not as a gentle knight: i put case my name were sir launcelot, and
that it list me not to discover my name, what should it grieve you here
to keep my counsel, and ye be not hurt thereby? but wit thou well an
ever it lie in my power i shall grieve you, and that i promise you
truly. then sir castor kneeled down and besought sir launcelot of
mercy: for i shall never utter what ye be, while that ye be in these
parts. then sir launcelot pardoned him.

and then, after this, king pelles with ten knights, and dame elaine,
and twenty ladies, rode unto the castle of bliant that stood in an
island beclosed in iron, with a fair water deep and large. and when
they were there sir launcelot let call it the joyous isle; and there
was he called none otherwise but le chevaler mal fet, the knight that
hath trespassed. then sir launcelot let make him a shield all of sable,
and a queen crowned in the midst, all of silver, and a knight clean
armed kneeling afore her. and every day once, for any mirths that all
the ladies might make him, he would once every day look toward the
realm of logris, where king arthur and queen guenever was. and then
would he fall upon a weeping as his heart should to-brast.

so it fell that time sir launcelot heard of a jousting fast by his
castle, within three leagues. then he called unto him a dwarf, and he
bade him go unto that jousting. and or ever the knights depart, look
thou make there a cry, in hearing of all the knights, that there is one
knight in the joyous isle, that is the castle of bliant, and say his
name is le chevaler mal fet, that will joust against knights that will
come. and who that putteth that knight to the worse shall have a fair
maid and a gerfalcon.




chapter vii. of a great tourneying in the joyous isle, and how sir
pervivale and sir ector came thither, and sir percivale fought with
him.


so when this cry was made, unto joyous isle drew knights to the number
of five hundred; and wit ye well there was never seen in arthur’s days
one knight that did so much deeds of arms as sir launcelot did three
days together; for as the book maketh truly mention, he had the better
of all the five hundred knights, and there was not one slain of them.
and after that sir launcelot made them all a great feast.

and in the meanwhile came sir percivale de galis and sir ector de maris
under that castle that was called the joyous isle. and as they beheld
that gay castle they would have gone to that castle, but they might not
for the broad water, and bridge could they find none. then they saw on
the other side a lady with a sperhawk on her hand, and sir percivale
called unto her, and asked that lady who was in that castle. fair
knights, she said, here within this castle is the fairest lady in this
land, and her name is elaine. also we have in this castle the fairest
knight and the mightiest man that is i dare say living, and he called
himself le chevaler mal fet. how came he into these marches? said sir
percivale. truly, said the damosel, he came into this country like a
mad man, with dogs and boys chasing him through the city of corbin, and
by the holy vessel of the sangreal he was brought into his wit again;
but he will not do battle with no knight, but by underne or by noon.
and if ye list to come into the castle, said the lady, ye must ride
unto the further side of the castle and there shall ye find a vessel
that will bear you and your horse. then they departed, and came unto
the vessel. and then sir percivale alighted, and said to sir ector de
maris: ye shall abide me here until that i wit what manner a knight he
is; for it were shame unto us, inasmuch as he is but one knight, an we
should both do battle with him. do ye as ye list, said sir ector, and
here i shall abide you until that i hear of you.

then passed sir percivale the water, and when he came to the castle
gate he bade the porter: go thou to the good knight within the castle,
and tell him here is come an errant knight to joust with him. sir, said
the porter, ride ye within the castle, and there is a common place for
jousting, that lords and ladies may behold you. so anon as sir
launcelot had warning he was soon ready; and there sir percivale and
sir launcelot encountered with such a might, and their spears were so
rude, that both the horses and the knights fell to the earth. then they
avoided their horses, and flang out noble swords, and hewed away
cantels of their shields, and hurtled together with their shields like
two boars, and either wounded other passing sore. at the last sir
percivale spake first when they had foughten there more than two hours.
fair knight, said sir percivale, i require thee tell me thy name, for i
met never with such a knight. sir, said sir launcelot, my name is le
chevaler mal fet. now tell me your name, said sir launcelot, i require
you, gentle knight. truly, said sir percivale, my name is sir percivale
de galis, that was brother unto the good knight, sir lamorak de galis,
and king pellinore was our father, and sir aglovale is my brother.
alas, said sir launcelot, what have i done to fight with you that art a
knight of the round table, that sometime was your fellow?




chapter vili. how each of them knew other, and of their great courtesy,
and how his brother sir ector came unto him, and of their joy.


and therewithal sir launcelot kneeled down upon his knees, and threw
away his shield and his sword from him. when sir percivale saw him do
so he marvelled what he meant. and then thus he said: sir knight,
whatsomever thou be, i require thee upon the high order of knighthood,
tell me thy true name. then he said: so god me help, my name is sir
launcelot du lake, king ban’s son of benoy. alas, said sir percivale,
what have i done? i was sent by the queen for to seek you, and so i
have sought you nigh this two year, and yonder is sir ector de maris,
your brother abideth me on the other side of the yonder water. now for
god’s sake, said sir percivale, forgive me mine offences that i have
here done. it is soon forgiven, said sir launcelot.

then sir percivale sent for sir ector de maris, and when sir launcelot
had a sight of him, he ran unto him and took him in his arms; and then
sir ector kneeled down, and either wept upon other, that all had pity
to behold them. then came dame elaine and she there made them great
cheer as might lie in her power; and there she told sir ector and sir
percivale how and in what manner sir launcelot came into that country,
and how he was healed; and there it was known how long sir launcelot
was with sir bliant and with sir selivant, and how he first met with
them, and how he departed from them because of a boar; and how the
hermit healed sir launcelot of his great wound, and how that he came to
corbin.




chapter ix. how sir bors and sir lionel came to king brandegore, and
how sir bors took his son helin le blank, and of sir launcelot.


now leave we sir launcelot in the joyous isle with the lady dame
elaine, and sir percivale and sir ector playing with them, and turn we
to sir bors de ganis and sir lionel, that had sought sir launcelot nigh
by the space of two year, and never could they hear of him. and as they
thus rode, by adventure they came to the house of brandegore, and there
sir bors was well known, for he had gotten a child upon the king’s
daughter fifteen year to-fore, and his name was helin le blank. and
when sir bors saw that child it liked him passing well. and so those
knights had good cheer of the king brandegore. and on the morn sir bors
came afore king brandegore and said: here is my son helin le blank,
that as it is said he is my son; and sith it is so, i will that ye wit
that i will have him with me unto the court of king arthur. sir, said
the king, ye may well take him with you, but he is over tender of age.
as for that, said sir bors, i will have him with me, and bring him to
the house of most worship of the world. so when sir bors should depart
there was made great sorrow for the departing of helin le blank, and
great weeping was there made. but sir bors and sir lionel departed, and
within a while they came to camelot, where was king arthur. and when
king arthur understood that helin le blank was sir bors’ son, and
nephew unto king brandegore, then king arthur let him make knight of
the round table; and so he proved a good knight and an adventurous.

now will we turn to our matter of sir launcelot. it befell upon a day
sir ector and sir percivale came to sir launcelot and asked him what he
would do, and whether he would go with them unto king arthur or not.
nay, said sir launcelot, that may not be by no mean, for i was so
entreated at the court that i cast me never to come there more. sir,
said sir ector, i am your brother, and ye are the man in the world that
i love most; and if i understood that it were your disworship, ye may
understand i would never counsel you thereto; but king arthur and all
his knights, and in especial queen guenever, made such dole and sorrow
that it was marvel to hear and see. and ye must remember the great
worship and renown that ye be of, how that ye have been more spoken of
than any other knight that is now living; for there is none that
beareth the name now but ye and sir tristram. therefore brother, said
sir ector, make you ready to ride to the court with us, and i dare say
there was never knight better welcome to the court than ye; and i wot
well and can make it good, said sir ector, it hath cost my lady, the
queen, twenty thousand pound the seeking of you. well brother, said sir
launcelot, i will do after your counsel, and ride with you.

so then they took their horses and made them ready, and took their
leave at king pelles and at dame elaine. and when sir launcelot should
depart dame elaine made great sorrow. my lord, sir launcelot, said dame
elaine, at this same feast of pentecost shall your son and mine,
galahad, be made knight, for he is fully now fifteen winter old. do as
ye list, said sir launcelot; god give him grace to prove a good knight.
as for that, said dame elaine, i doubt not he shall prove the best man
of his kin except one. then shall he be a man good enough, said sir
launcelot.




chapter x. how sir launcelot with sir percivale and sir ector came to
the court, and of the great joy of him.


then they departed, and within five days’ journey they came to camelot,
that is called in english, winchester. and when sir launcelot was come
among them, the king and all the knights made great joy of him. and
there sir percivale de galis and sir ector de maris began and told the
whole adventures: that sir launcelot had been out of his mind the time
of his absence, and how he called himself le chevaler mal fet, the
knight that had trespassed; and in three days sir launcelot smote down
five hundred knights. and ever as sir ector and sir percivale told
these tales of sir launcelot, queen guenever wept as she should have
died. then the queen made great cheer. o jesu, said king arthur, i
marvel for what cause ye, sir launcelot, went out of your mind. i and
many others deem it was for the love of fair elaine, the daughter of
king pelles, by whom ye are noised that ye have gotten a child, and his
name is galahad, and men say he shall do marvels. my lord, said sir
launcelot, if i did any folly i have that i sought. and therewithal the
king spake no more. but all sir launcelot’s kin knew for whom he went
out of his mind. and then there were great feasts made and great joy;
and many great lords and ladies, when they heard that sir launcelot was
come to the court again, they made great joy.




chapter xi. how la beale isoud counselled sir tristram to go unto the
court, to the great feast of pentecost.


now will we leave off this matter, and speak we of sir tristram, and of
sir palomides that was the saracen unchristened. when sir tristram was
come home unto joyous gard from his adventures, all this while that sir
launcelot was thus missed, two year and more, sir tristram bare the
renown through all the realm of logris, and many strange adventures
befell him, and full well and manly and worshipfully he brought them to
an end. so when he was come home la beale isoud told him of the great
feast that should be at pentecost next following, and there she told
him how sir launcelot had been missed two year, and all that while he
had been out of his mind, and how he was holpen by the holy vessel, the
sangreal. alas, said sir tristram, that caused some debate betwixt him
and queen guenever. sir, said dame isoud, i know it all, for queen
guenever sent me a letter in the which she wrote me all how it was, for
to require you to seek him. and now, blessed be god, said la beale
isoud, he is whole and sound and come again to the court.

thereof am i glad, said sir tristram, and now shall ye and i make us
ready, for both ye and i will be at the feast. sir, said isoud, an it
please you i will not be there, for through me ye be marked of many
good knights, and that caused you to have much more labour for my sake
than needeth you. then will i not be there, said sir tristram, but if
ye be there. god defend, said la beale isoud, for then shall i be
spoken of shame among all queens and ladies of estate; for ye that are
called one of the noblest knights of the world, and ye a knight of the
round table, how may ye be missed at that feast? what shall be said
among all knights? see how sir tristram hunteth, and hawketh, and
cowereth within a castle with his lady, and forsaketh your worship.
alas, shall some say, it is pity that ever he was made knight, or that
ever he should have the love of a lady. also what shall queens and
ladies say of me? it is pity that i have my life, that i will hold so
noble a knight as ye are from his worship. so god me help, said sir
tristram unto la beale isoud, it is passing well said of you and nobly
counselled; and now i well understand that ye love me; and like as ye
have counselled me i will do a part thereafter. but there shall no man
nor child ride with me, but myself. and so will i ride on tuesday next
coming, and no more harness of war but my spear and my sword.




chapter xii. how sir tristram departed unarmed and met with sir
palomides, and how they smote each other, and how sir palomides forbare
him.


and so when the day came sir tristram took his leave at la beale isoud,
and she sent with him four knights, and within half a mile he sent them
again: and within a mile after sir tristram saw afore him where sir
palomides had stricken down a knight, and almost wounded him to the
death. then sir tristram repented him that he was not armed, and then
he hoved still. with that sir palomides knew sir tristram, and cried on
high: sir tristram, now be we met, for or we depart we will redress our
old sores. as for that, said sir tristram, there was yet never
christian man might make his boast that ever i fled from him; and wit
ye well, sir palomides, thou that art a saracen shall never make thy
boast that sir tristram de liones shall flee from thee. and therewith
sir tristram made his horse to run, and with all his might he came
straight upon sir palomides, and brast his spear upon him an hundred
pieces. and forthwithal sir tristram drew his sword. and then he turned
his horse and struck at palomides six great strokes upon his helm; and
then sir palomides stood still, and beheld sir tristram, and marvelled
of his woodness, and of his folly. and then sir palomides said to
himself: an sir tristram were armed, it were hard to cease him of this
battle, and if i turn again and slay him i am ashamed wheresomever that
i go.

then sir tristram spake and said: thou coward knight, what castest thou
to do; why wilt thou not do battle with me? for have thou no doubt i
shall endure all thy malice. ah, sir tristram, said palomides, full
well thou wottest i may not fight with thee for shame, for thou art
here naked and i am armed, and if i slay thee, dishonour shall be mine.
and well thou wottest, said sir palomides to sir tristram, i know thy
strength and thy hardiness to endure against a good knight. that is
truth, said sir tristram, i understand thy valiantness well. ye say
well, said sir palomides; now, i require you, tell me a question that i
shall say to you. tell me what it is, said sir tristram, and i shall
answer you the truth, as god me help. i put case, said sir palomides,
that ye were armed at all rights as well as i am, and i naked as ye be,
what would you do to me now, by your true knighthood? ah, said sir
tristram, now i understand thee well, sir palomides, for now must i say
mine own judgment, and as god me bless, that i shall say shall not be
said for no fear that i have of thee. but this is all: wit sir
palomides, as at this time thou shouldest depart from me, for i would
not have ado with thee. no more will i, said palomides, and therefore
ride forth on thy way. as for that i may choose, said sir tristram,
either to ride or to abide. but sir palomides, said sir tristram, i
marvel of one thing, that thou that art so good a knight, that thou
wilt not be christened, and thy brother, sir safere, hath been
christened many a day.




chapter xiii. how that sir tristram gat him harness of a knight which
was hurt, and how he overthrew sir palomides.


as for that, said sir palomides, i may not yet be christened for one
avow that i have made many years agone; howbeit in my heart i believe
in jesu christ and his mild mother mary; but i have but one battle to
do, and when that is done i will be baptised with a good will. by my
head, said tristram, as for one battle thou shalt not seek it no
longer. for god defend, said sir tristram, that through my default thou
shouldst longer live thus a saracen, for yonder is a knight that ye,
sir palomides, have hurt and smitten down. now help me that i were
armed in his armour, and i shall soon fulfil thine avows. as ye will,
said palomides, so it shall be.

so they rode both unto that knight that sat upon a bank, and then sir
tristram saluted him, and he weakly saluted him again. sir knight, said
sir tristram, i require you tell me your right name. sir, he said, my
name is sir galleron of galway, and knight of the table round. so god
me help, said sir tristram, i am right heavy of your hurts; but this is
all, i must pray you to lend me all your whole armour, for ye see i am
unarmed, and i must do battle with this knight. sir, said the hurt
knight, ye shall have it with a good will; but ye must beware, for i
warn you that knight is wight. sir, said galleron, i pray you tell me
your name, and what is that knight’s name that hath beaten me. sir, as
for my name it is sir tristram de liones, and as for the knight’s name
that hath hurt you is sir palomides, brother to the good knight sir
safere, and yet is sir palomides unchristened. alas, said sir galleron,
that is pity that so good a knight and so noble a man of arms should be
unchristened. so god me help, said sir tristram, either he shall slay
me or i him but that he shall be christened or ever we depart
in-sunder. my lord sir tristram, said sir galleron, your renown and
worship is well known through many realms, and god save you this day
from shenship and shame.

then sir tristram unarmed galleron, the which was a noble knight, and
had done many deeds of arms, and he was a large knight of flesh and
bone. and when he was unarmed he stood upon his feet, for he was
bruised in the back with a spear; yet so as sir galleron might, he
armed sir tristram. and then sir tristram mounted upon his own horse,
and in his hand he gat sir galleron’s spear; and therewithal sir
palomides was ready. and so they came hurtling together, and either
smote other in midst of their shields; and therewithal sir palomides’
spear brake, and sir tristram smote down the horse; and sir palomides,
as soon as he might, avoided his horse, and dressed his shield, and
pulled out his sword. that saw sir tristram, and therewithal he
alighted and tied his horse till a tree.




chapter xiv. how sir tristram and sir palomides fought long together,
and after accorded, and how sir tristram made him to be christened.


and then they came together as two wild boars, lashing together,
tracing and traversing as noble men that oft had been well proved in
battle; but ever sir palomides dread the might of sir tristram, and
therefore he suffered him to breathe him. thus they fought more than
two hours, but often sir tristram smote such strokes at sir palomides
that he made him to kneel; and sir palomides brake and cut away many
pieces of sir tristram’s shield; and then sir palomides wounded sir
tristram, for he was a well fighting man. then sir tristram was wood
wroth out of measure, and rushed upon sir palomides with such a might
that sir palomides fell grovelling to the earth; and therewithal he
leapt up lightly upon his feet, and then sir tristram wounded palomides
sore through the shoulder. and ever sir tristram fought still in like
hard, and sir palomides failed not, but gave him many sad strokes. and
at the last sir tristram doubled his strokes, and by fortune sir
tristram smote sir palomides sword out of his hand, and if sir
palomides had stooped for his sword he had been slain.

then palomides stood still and beheld his sword with a sorrowful heart.
how now, said sir tristram unto palomides, now have i thee at advantage
as thou haddest me this day; but it shall never be said in no court,
nor among good knights, that sir tristram shall slay any knight that is
weaponless; and therefore take thou thy sword, and let us make an end
of this battle. as for to do this battle, said palomides, i dare right
well end it, but i have no great lust to fight no more. and for this
cause, said palomides: mine offence to you is not so great but that we
may be friends. all that i have offended is and was for the love of la
beale isoud. and as for her, i dare say she is peerless above all other
ladies, and also i proffered her never no dishonour; and by her i have
gotten the most part of my worship. and sithen i offended never as to
her own person, and as for the offence that i have done, it was against
your own person, and for that offence ye have given me this day many
sad strokes, and some i have given you again; and now i dare say i felt
never man of your might, nor so well breathed, but if it were sir
launcelot du lake; wherefore i require you, my lord, forgive me all
that i have offended unto you; and this same day have me to the next
church, and first let me be clean confessed, and after see you now that
i be truly baptised. and then will we all ride together unto the court
of arthur, that we be there at the high feast. now take your horse,
said sir tristram, and as ye say so it shall be, and all thine evil
will god forgive it you, and i do. and here within this mile is the
suffragan of carlisle that shall give you the sacrament of baptism.

then they took their horses and sir galleron rode with them. and when
they came to the suffragan sir tristram told him their desire. then the
suffragan let fill a great vessel with water, and when he had hallowed
it he then confessed clean sir palomides, and sir tristram and sir
galleron were his godfathers. and then soon after they departed, riding
toward camelot, where king arthur and queen guenever was, and for the
most part all the knights of the round table. and so the king and all
the court were glad that sir palomides was christened. and at the same
feast in came galahad and sat in the siege perilous. and so therewithal
departed and dissevered all the knights of the round table. and sir
tristram returned again unto joyous gard, and sir palomides followed
the questing beast.

_here endeth the second book of sir tristram that was drawn out of
french into english. but here is no rehersal of the third book. and
here followeth the noble tale of the sangreal, that called is the holy
vessel; and the signification of the blessed blood of our lord jesus
christ, blessed mote it be, the which was brought into this land by
joseph aramathie. therefore on all sinful souls blessed lord have thou
mercy._

_explicit liber xii. et incipit decimustercius._




book xiii.




chapter i. how at the vigil of the feast of pentecost entered into the
hall before king arthur a damosel, and desired sir launcelot for to
come and dub a knight, and how he went with her.


at the vigil of pentecost, when all the fellowship of the round table
were come unto camelot and there heard their service, and the tables
were set ready to the meat, right so entered into the hall a full fair
gentlewoman on horseback, that had ridden full fast, for her horse was
all besweated. then she there alighted, and came before the king and
saluted him; and he said: damosel, god thee bless. sir, said she, for
god’s sake say me where sir launcelot is. yonder ye may see him, said
the king. then she went unto launcelot and said: sir launcelot, i
salute you on king pelles’ behalf, and i require you come on with me
hereby into a forest. then sir launcelot asked her with whom she
dwelled. i dwell, said she, with king pelles. what will ye with me?
said launcelot. ye shall know, said she, when ye come thither. well,
said he, i will gladly go with you. so sir launcelot bade his squire
saddle his horse and bring his arms; and in all haste he did his
commandment.

then came the queen unto launcelot, and said: will ye leave us at this
high feast? madam, said the gentlewoman, wit ye well he shall be with
you to-morn by dinner time. if i wist, said the queen, that he should
not be with us here to-morn he should not go with you by my good will.
right so departed sir launcelot with the gentlewoman, and rode until
that he came into a forest and into a great valley, where they saw an
abbey of nuns; and there was a squire ready and opened the gates, and
so they entered and descended off their horses; and there came a fair
fellowship about sir launcelot, and welcomed him, and were passing glad
of his coming. and then they led him unto the abbess’s chamber and
unarmed him; and right so he was ware upon a bed lying two of his
cousins, sir bors and sir lionel, and then he waked them; and when they
saw him they made great joy. sir, said sir bors unto sir launcelot,
what adventure hath brought you hither, for we weened to-morn to have
found you at camelot? as god me help, said sir launcelot, a gentlewoman
brought me hither, but i know not the cause.

in the meanwhile that they thus stood talking together, therein came
twelve nuns that brought with them galahad, the which was passing fair
and well made, that unnethe in the world men might not find his match:
and all those ladies wept. sir, said they all, we bring you here this
child the which we have nourished, and we pray you to make him a
knight, for of a more worthier man’s hand may he not receive the order
of knighthood. sir launcelot beheld the young squire and saw him seemly
and demure as a dove, with all manner of good features, that he weened
of his age never to have seen so fair a man of form. then said sir
launcelot: cometh this desire of himself? he and all they said yea.
then shall he, said sir launcelot, receive the high order of knighthood
as to-morn at the reverence of the high feast. that night sir launcelot
had passing good cheer; and on the morn at the hour of prime, at
galahad’s desire, he made him knight and said: god make him a good man,
for of beauty faileth you not as any that liveth.




chapter ii. how the letters were found written in the siege perilous
and of the marvellous adventure of the sword in a stone.


now fair sir, said sir launcelot, will ye come with me unto the court
of king arthur? nay, said he, i will not go with you as at this time.
then he departed from them and took his two cousins with him, and so
they came unto camelot by the hour of underne on whitsunday. by that
time the king and the queen were gone to the minster to hear their
service. then the king and the queen were passing glad of sir bors and
sir lionel, and so was all the fellowship. so when the king and all the
knights were come from service, the barons espied in the sieges of the
round table all about, written with golden letters: here ought to sit
he, and he ought to sit here. and thus they went so long till that they
came to the siege perilous, where they found letters newly written of
gold which said: four hundred winters and four and fifty accomplished
after the passion of our lord jesu christ ought this siege to be
fulfilled. then all they said: this is a marvellous thing and an
adventurous. in the name of god, said sir launcelot; and then accompted
the term of the writing from the birth of our lord unto that day. it
seemeth me said sir launcelot, this siege ought to be fulfilled this
same day, for this is the feast of pentecost after the four hundred and
four and fifty year; and if it would please all parties, i would none
of these letters were seen this day, till he be come that ought to
enchieve this adventure. then made they to ordain a cloth of silk, for
to cover these letters in the siege perilous.

then the king bade haste unto dinner. sir, said sir kay the steward, if
ye go now unto your meat ye shall break your old custom of your court,
for ye have not used on this day to sit at your meat or that ye have
seen some adventure. ye say sooth, said the king, but i had so great
joy of sir launcelot and of his cousins, which be come to the court
whole and sound, so that i bethought me not of mine old custom. so, as
they stood speaking, in came a squire and said unto the king: sir, i
bring unto you marvellous tidings. what be they? said the king. sir,
there is here beneath at the river a great stone which i saw fleet
above the water, and therein i saw sticking a sword. the king said: i
will see that marvel. so all the knights went with him, and when they
came to the river they found there a stone fleeting, as it were of red
marble, and therein stuck a fair rich sword, and in the pommel thereof
were precious stones wrought with subtle letters of gold. then the
barons read the letters which said in this wise: never shall man take
me hence, but only he by whose side i ought to hang, and he shall be
the best knight of the world.

when the king had seen the letters, he said unto sir launcelot: fair
sir, this sword ought to be yours, for i am sure ye be the best knight
of the world. then sir launcelot answered full soberly: certes, sir, it
is not my sword; also, sir, wit ye well i have no hardiness to set my
hand to it, for it longed not to hang by my side. also, who that
assayeth to take the sword and faileth of it, he shall receive a wound
by that sword that he shall not be whole long after. and i will that ye
wit that this same day shall the adventures of the sangreal, that is
called the holy vessel, begin.




chapter iii. how sir gawaine assayed to draw out the sword, and how an
old man brought in galahad.


now, fair nephew, said the king unto sir gawaine, assay ye, for my
love. sir, he said, save your good grace i shall not do that. sir, said
the king, assay to take the sword and at my commandment. sir, said
gawaine, your commandment i will obey. and therewith he took up the
sword by the handles, but he might not stir it. i thank you, said the
king to sir gawaine. my lord sir gawaine, said sir launcelot, now wit
ye well this sword shall touch you so sore that ye shall will ye had
never set your hand thereto for the best castle of this realm. sir, he
said, i might not withsay mine uncle’s will and commandment. but when
the king heard this he repented it much, and said unto sir percivale
that he should assay, for his love. and he said: gladly, for to bear
sir gawaine fellowship. and therewith he set his hand on the sword and
drew it strongly, but he might not move it. then were there no more
that durst be so hardy to set their hands thereto. now may ye go to
your dinner, said sir kay unto the king, for a marvellous adventure
have ye seen. so the king and all went unto the court, and every knight
knew his own place, and set him therein, and young men that were
knights served them.

so when they were served, and all sieges fulfilled save only the siege
perilous, anon there befell a marvellous adventure, that all the doors
and windows of the palace shut by themself. not for then the hall was
not greatly darked; and therewith they were all abashed both one and
other. then king arthur spake first and said: by god, fair fellows and
lords, we have seen this day marvels, but or night i suppose we shall
see greater marvels.

in the meanwhile came in a good old man, and an ancient, clothed all in
white, and there was no knight knew from whence he came. and with him
he brought a young knight, both on foot, in red arms, without sword or
shield, save a scabbard hanging by his side. and these words he said:
peace be with you, fair lords. then the old man said unto arthur: sir,
i bring here a young knight, the which is of king’s lineage, and of the
kindred of joseph of aramathie, whereby the marvels of this court, and
of strange realms, shall be fully accomplished.




chapter iv. how the old man brought galahad to the siege perilous and
set him therein, and how all the knights marvelled.


the king was right glad of his words, and said unto the good man: sir,
ye be right welcome, and the young knight with you. then the old man
made the young man to unarm him, and he was in a coat of red sendal,
and bare a mantle upon his shoulder that was furred with ermine, and
put that upon him. and the old knight said unto the young knight: sir,
follow me. and anon he led him unto the siege perilous, where beside
sat sir launcelot; and the good man lift up the cloth, and found there
letters that said thus: this is the siege of galahad, the haut prince.
sir, said the old knight, wit ye well that place is yours. and then he
set him down surely in that siege. and then he said to the old man:
sir, ye may now go your way, for well have ye done that ye were
commanded to do; and recommend me unto my grandsire, king pelles, and
unto my lord petchere, and say them on my behalf, i shall come and see
them as soon as ever i may. so the good man departed; and there met him
twenty noble squires, and so took their horses and went their way.

then all the knights of the table round marvelled greatly of sir
galahad, that he durst sit there in that siege perilous, and was so
tender of age; and wist not from whence he came but all only by god;
and said: this is he by whom the sangreal shall be enchieved, for there
sat never none but he, but he were mischieved. then sir launcelot
beheld his son and had great joy of him. then bors told his fellows:
upon pain of my life this young knight shall come unto great worship.
this noise was great in all the court, so that it came to the queen.
then she had marvel what knight it might be that durst adventure him to
sit in the siege perilous. many said unto the queen he resembled much
unto sir launcelot. i may well suppose, said the queen, that sir
launcelot begat him on king pelles’ daughter, by the which he was made
to lie by, by enchantment, and his name is galahad. i would fain see
him, said the queen, for he must needs be a noble man, for so is his
father that him begat, i report me unto all the table round.

so when the meat was done that the king and all were risen, the king
yede unto the siege perilous and lift up the cloth, and found there the
name of galahad; and then he shewed it unto sir gawaine, and said: fair
nephew, now have we among us sir galahad, the good knight that shall
worship us all; and upon pain of my life he shall enchieve the
sangreal, right as sir launcelot had done us to understand. then came
king arthur unto galahad and said: sir, ye be welcome, for ye shall
move many good knights to the quest of the sangreal, and ye shall
enchieve that never knights might bring to an end. then the king took
him by the hand, and went down from the palace to shew galahad the
adventures of the stone.




chapter v. how king arthur shewed the stone hoving on the water to
galahad, and how he drew out the sword.


the queen heard thereof, and came after with many ladies, and shewed
them the stone where it hoved on the water. sir, said the king unto sir
galahad, here is a great marvel as ever i saw, and right good knights
have assayed and failed. sir, said galahad, that is no marvel, for this
adventure is not theirs but mine; and for the surety of this sword i
brought none with me, for here by my side hangeth the scabbard. and
anon he laid his hand on the sword, and lightly drew it out of the
stone, and put it in the sheath, and said unto the king: now it goeth
better than it did aforehand. sir, said the king, a shield god shall
send you. now have i that sword that sometime was the good knight’s,
balin le savage, and he was a passing good man of his hands; and with
this sword he slew his brother balan, and that was great pity, for he
was a good knight, and either slew other through a dolorous stroke that
balin gave unto my grandfather king pelles, the which is not yet whole,
nor not shall be till i heal him.

therewith the king and all espied where came riding down the river a
lady on a white palfrey toward them. then she saluted the king and the
queen, and asked if that sir launcelot was there. and then he answered
himself: i am here, fair lady. then she said all with weeping: how your
great doing is changed sith this day in the morn. damosel, why say you
so? said launcelot. i say you sooth, said the damosel, for ye were this
day the best knight of the world, but who should say so now, he should
be a liar, for there is now one better than ye, and well it is proved
by the adventures of the sword whereto ye durst not set to your hand;
and that is the change and leaving of your name. wherefore i make unto
you a remembrance, that ye shall not ween from henceforth that ye be
the best knight of the world. as touching unto that, said launcelot, i
know well i was never the best. yes, said the damosel, that were ye,
and are yet, of any sinful man of the world. and, sir king, nacien, the
hermit, sendeth thee word, that thee shall befall the greatest worship
that ever befell king in britain; and i say you wherefore, for this day
the sangreal appeared in thy house and fed thee and all thy fellowship
of the round table. so she departed and went that same way that she
came.




chapter vi. how king arthur had all the knights together for to joust
in the meadow beside camelot or they departed.


now, said the king, i am sure at this quest of the sangreal shall all
ye of the table round depart, and never shall i see you again whole
together; therefore i will see you all whole together in the meadow of
camelot to joust and to tourney, that after your death men may speak of
it that such good knights were wholly together such a day. as unto that
counsel and at the king’s request they accorded all, and took on their
harness that longed unto jousting. but all this moving of the king was
for this intent, for to see galahad proved; for the king deemed he
should not lightly come again unto the court after his departing. so
were they assembled in the meadow, both more and less. then sir
galahad, by the prayer of the king and the queen, did upon him a noble
jesseraunce, and also he did on his helm, but shield would he take none
for no prayer of the king. and then sir gawaine and other knights
prayed him to take a spear. right so he did; and the queen was in a
tower with all her ladies, for to behold that tournament. then sir
galahad dressed him in midst of the meadow, and began to break spears
marvellously, that all men had wonder of him; for he there surmounted
all other knights, for within a while he had defouled many good knights
of the table round save twain, that was sir launcelot and sir
percivale.




chapter vii. how the queen desired to see galahad; and how after, all
the knights were replenished with the holy sangreal, and how they
avowed the enquest of the same.


then the king, at the queen’s request, made him to alight and to unlace
his helm, that the queen might see him in the visage. when she beheld
him she said: soothly i dare well say that sir launcelot begat him, for
never two men resembled more in likeness, therefore it nis no marvel
though he be of great prowess. so a lady that stood by the queen said:
madam, for god’s sake ought he of right to be so good a knight? yea,
forsooth, said the queen, for he is of all parties come of the best
knights of the world and of the highest lineage; for sir launcelot is
come but of the eighth degree from our lord jesu christ, and sir
galahad is of the ninth degree from our lord jesu christ, therefore i
dare say they be the greatest gentlemen of the world.

and then the king and all estates went home unto camelot, and so went
to evensong to the great minster, and so after upon that to supper, and
every knight sat in his own place as they were toforehand. then anon
they heard cracking and crying of thunder, that them thought the place
should all to-drive. in the midst of this blast entered a sunbeam more
clearer by seven times than ever they saw day, and all they were
alighted of the grace of the holy ghost. then began every knight to
behold other, and either saw other, by their seeming, fairer than ever
they saw afore. not for then there was no knight might speak one word a
great while, and so they looked every man on other as they had been
dumb. then there entered into the hall the holy grail covered with
white samite, but there was none might see it, nor who bare it. and
there was all the hall fulfilled with good odours, and every knight had
such meats and drinks as he best loved in this world. and when the holy
grail had been borne through the hall, then the holy vessel departed
suddenly, that they wist not where it became: then had they all breath
to speak. and then the king yielded thankings to god, of his good grace
that he had sent them. certes, said the king, we ought to thank our
lord jesu greatly for that he hath shewed us this day, at the reverence
of this high feast of pentecost.

now, said sir gawaine, we have been served this day of what meats and
drinks we thought on; but one thing beguiled us, we might not see the
holy grail, it was so preciously covered. wherefore i will make here
avow, that to-morn, without longer abiding, i shall labour in the quest
of the sangreal, that i shall hold me out a twelvemonth and a day, or
more if need be, and never shall i return again unto the court till i
have seen it more openly than it hath been seen here; and if i may not
speed i shall return again as he that may not be against the will of
our lord jesu christ.

when they of the table round heard sir gawaine say so, they arose up
the most part and made such avows as sir gawaine had made. anon as king
arthur heard this he was greatly displeased, for he wist well they
might not again-say their avows. alas, said king arthur unto sir
gawaine, ye have nigh slain me with the avow and promise that ye have
made; for through you ye have bereft me the fairest fellowship and the
truest of knighthood that ever were seen together in any realm of the
world; for when they depart from hence i am sure they all shall never
meet more in this world, for they shall die many in the quest. and so
it forthinketh me a little, for i have loved them as well as my life,
wherefore it shall grieve me right sore, the departition of this
fellowship: for i have had an old custom to have them in my fellowship.




chapter viii. how great sorrow was made of the king and the queen and
ladies for the departing of the knights, and how they departed.


and therewith the tears fell in his eyes. and then he said: gawaine,
gawaine, ye have set me in great sorrow, for i have great doubt that my
true fellowship shall never meet here more again. ah, said sir
launcelot, comfort yourself; for it shall be unto us a great honour and
much more than if we died in any other places, for of death we be
siker. ah, launcelot, said the king, the great love that i have had
unto you all the days of my life maketh me to say such doleful words;
for never christian king had never so many worthy men at his table as i
have had this day at the round table, and that is my great sorrow.

when the queen, ladies, and gentlewomen, wist these tidings, they had
such sorrow and heaviness that there might no tongue tell it, for those
knights had held them in honour and chierté. but among all other queen
guenever made great sorrow. i marvel, said she, my lord would suffer
them to depart from him. thus was all the court troubled for the love
of the departition of those knights. and many of those ladies that
loved knights would have gone with their lovers; and so had they done,
had not an old knight come among them in religious clothing; and then
he spake all on high and said: fair lords, which have sworn in the
quest of the sangreal, thus sendeth you nacien, the hermit, word, that
none in this quest lead lady nor gentlewoman with him, for it is not to
do in so high a service as they labour in; for i warn you plain, he
that is not clean of his sins he shall not see the mysteries of our
lord jesu christ. and for this cause they left these ladies and
gentlewomen.

after this the queen came unto galahad and asked him of whence he was,
and of what country. he told her of whence he was. and son unto
launcelot, she said he was. as to that, he said neither yea nor nay. so
god me help, said the queen, of your father ye need not to shame you,
for he is the goodliest knight, and of the best men of the world come,
and of the strain, of all parties, of kings. wherefore ye ought of
right to be, of your deeds, a passing good man; and certainly, she
said, ye resemble him much. then sir galahad was a little ashamed and
said: madam, sith ye know in certain, wherefore do ye ask it me? for he
that is my father shall be known openly and all betimes. and then they
went to rest them. and in the honour of the highness of galahad he was
led into king arthur’s chamber, and there rested in his own bed.

and as soon as it was day the king arose, for he had no rest of all
that night for sorrow. then he went unto gawaine and to sir launcelot
that were arisen for to hear mass. and then the king again said: ah
gawaine, gawaine, ye have betrayed me; for never shall my court be
amended by you, but ye will never be sorry for me as i am for you. and
therewith the tears began to run down by his visage. and therewith the
king said: ah, knight sir launcelot, i require thee thou counsel me,
for i would that this quest were undone, an it might be sir, said sir
launcelot, ye saw yesterday so many worthy knights that then were sworn
that they may not leave it in no manner of wise. that wot i well, said
the king, but it shall so heavy me at their departing that i wot well
there shall no manner of joy remedy me. and then the king and the queen
went unto the minster. so anon launcelot and gawaine commanded their
men to bring their arms. and when they all were armed save their
shields and their helms, then they came to their fellowship, which were
all ready in the same wise, for to go to the minster to hear their
service.

then after the service was done the king would wit how many had
undertaken the quest of the holy grail; and to accompt them he prayed
them all. then found they by the tale an hundred and fifty, and all
were knights of the round table. and then they put on their helms and
departed, and recommended them all wholly unto the queen; and there was
weeping and great sorrow. then the queen departed into her chamber and
held her, so that no man should perceive her great sorrows. when sir
launcelot missed the queen he went till her chamber, and when she saw
him she cried aloud: o launcelot, launcelot, ye have betrayed me and
put me to the death, for to leave thus my lord. ah, madam, i pray you
be not displeased, for i shall come again as soon as i may with my
worship. alas, said she, that ever i saw you; but he that suffered upon
the cross for all mankind, he be unto you good conduct and safety, and
all the whole fellowship.

right so departed sir launcelot, and found his fellowship that abode
his coming. and so they mounted upon their horses and rode through the
streets of camelot; and there was weeping of rich and poor, and the
king turned away and might not speak for weeping. so within a while
they came to a city, and a castle that hight vagon. there they entered
into the castle, and the lord of that castle was an old man that hight
vagon, and he was a good man of his living, and set open the gates, and
made them all the cheer that he might. and so on the morn they were all
accorded that they should depart everych from other; and on the morn
they departed with weeping cheer, and every knight took the way that
him liked best.




chapter ix. how galahad gat him a shield, and how they sped that
presumed to take down the said shield.


now rideth sir galahad yet without shield, and so he rode four days
without any adventure. and at the fourth day after evensong he came to
a white abbey, and there he was received with great reverence, and led
unto a chamber, and there was he unarmed; and then was he ware of two
knights of the table round, one was sir bagdemagus, and sir uwaine.

and when they saw him they went unto galahad and made of him great
solace, and so they went unto supper. sirs, said sir galahad, what
adventure brought you hither? sir, said they, it is told us that within
this place is a shield that no man may bear about his neck but he be
mischieved outher dead within three days, or maimed for ever. ah sir,
said king bagdemagus, i shall it bear to-morrow for to assay this
adventure. in the name of god, said sir galahad. sir, said bagdemagus,
an i may not enchieve the adventure of this shield ye shall take it
upon you, for i am sure ye shall not fail. sir, said galahad, i right
well agree me thereto, for i have no shield. so on the morn they arose
and heard mass. then bagdemagus asked where the adventurous shield was.
anon a monk led him behind an altar where the shield hung as white as
any snow, but in the midst was a red cross. sir, said the monk, this
shield ought not to be hanged about no knight’s neck but he be the
worthiest knight of the world;

therefore i counsel you knights to be well advised. well, said
bagdemagus, i wot well that i am not the best knight of the world, but
yet i shall assay to bear it, and so bare it out of the minster. and
then he said unto galahad: an it please you abide here still, till ye
wit how that i speed. i shall abide you, said galahad. then king
bagdemagus took with him a good squire, to bring tidings unto sir
galahad how he sped.

then when they had ridden a two mile and came to a fair valley afore an
hermitage, then they saw a knight come from that part in white armour,
horse and all; and he came as fast as his horse might run, and his
spear in his rest, and bagdemagus dressed his spear against him and
brake it upon the white knight. but the other struck him so hard that
he brast the mails, and sheef him through the right shoulder, for the
shield covered him not as at that time; and so he bare him from his
horse. and therewith he alighted and took the white shield from him,
saying: knight, thou hast done thyself great folly, for this shield
ought not to be borne but by him that shall have no peer that liveth.
and then he came to bagdemagus’ squire and said: bear this shield unto
the good knight sir galahad, that thou left in the abbey, and greet him
well by me. sir, said the squire, what is your name? take thou no heed
of my name, said the knight, for it is not for thee to know nor for
none earthly man. now, fair sir, said the squire, at the reverence of
jesu christ, tell me for what cause this shield may not be borne but if
the bearer thereof be mischieved. now sith thou hast conjured me so,
said the knight, this shield behoveth unto no man but unto galahad. and
the squire went unto bagdemagus and asked whether he were sore wounded
or not. yea forsooth, said he, i shall escape hard from the death. then
he fetched his horse, and brought him with great pain unto an abbey.
then was he taken down softly and unarmed, and laid in a bed, and there
was looked to his wounds. and as the book telleth, he lay there long,
and escaped hard with the life.




chapter x. how galahad departed with the shield, and how king evelake
had received the shield of joseph of aramathie.


sir galahad, said the squire, that knight that wounded bagdemagus
sendeth you greeting, and bade that ye should bear this shield,
wherethrough great adventures should befall. now blessed be god and
fortune, said galahad. and then he asked his arms, and mounted upon his
horse, and hung the white shield about his neck, and commended them
unto god. and sir uwaine said he would bear him fellowship if it
pleased him. sir, said galahad, that may ye not, for i must go alone,
save this squire shall bear me fellowship: and so departed uwaine.

then within a while came galahad thereas the white knight abode him by
the hermitage, and everych saluted other courteously. sir, said
galahad, by this shield be many marvels fallen. sir, said the knight,
it befell after the passion of our lord jesu christ thirty-two year,
that joseph of aramathie, the gentle knight, the which took down our
lord off the holy cross, at that time he departed from jerusalem with a
great party of his kindred with him. and so he laboured till that they
came to a city that hight sarras. and at that same hour that joseph
came to sarras there was a king that hight evelake, that had great war
against the saracens, and in especial against one saracen, the which
was king evelake’s cousin, a rich king and a mighty, which marched nigh
this land, and his name was called tolleme la feintes. so on a day
these two met to do battle. then joseph, the son of joseph of
aramathie, went to king evelake and told him he should be discomfit and
slain, but if he left his belief of the old law and believed upon the
new law. and then there he shewed him the right belief of the holy
trinity, to the which he agreed unto with all his heart; and there this
shield was made for king evelake, in the name of him that died upon the
cross. and then through his good belief he had the better of king
tolleme. for when evelake was in the battle there was a cloth set afore
the shield, and when he was in the greatest peril he let put away the
cloth, and then his enemies saw a figure of a man on the cross,
wherethrough they all were discomfit. and so it befell that a man of
king evelake’s was smitten his hand off, and bare that hand in his
other hand; and joseph called that man unto him and bade him go with
good devotion touch the cross. and as soon as that man had touched the
cross with his hand it was as whole as ever it was to-fore. then soon
after there fell a great marvel, that the cross of the shield at one
time vanished away that no man wist where it became. and then king
evelake was baptised, and for the most part all the people of that
city. so, soon after joseph would depart, and king evelake would go
with him, whether he wold or nold. and so by fortune they came into
this land, that at that time was called great britain; and there they
found a great felon paynim, that put joseph into prison. and so by
fortune tidings came unto a worthy man that hight mondrames, and he
assembled all his people for the great renown he had heard of joseph;
and so he came into the land of great britain and disherited this felon
paynim and consumed him, and therewith delivered joseph out of prison.
and after that all the people were turned to the christian faith.




chapter xi. how joseph made a cross on the white shield with his blood,
and how galahad was by a monk brought to a tomb.


not long after that joseph was laid in his deadly bed. and when king
evelake saw that he made much sorrow, and said: for thy love i have
left my country, and sith ye shall depart out of this world, leave me
some token of yours that i may think on you. joseph said: that will i
do full gladly; now bring me your shield that i took you when ye went
into battle against king tolleme. then joseph bled sore at the nose, so
that he might not by no mean be staunched. and there upon that shield
he made a cross of his own blood. now may ye see a remembrance that i
love you, for ye shall never see this shield but ye shall think on me,
and it shall be always as fresh as it is now. and never shall man bear
this shield about his neck but he shall repent it, unto the time that
galahad, the good knight, bear it; and the last of my lineage shall
have it about his neck, that shall do many marvellous deeds. now, said
king evelake, where shall i put this shield, that this worthy knight
may have it? ye shall leave it thereas nacien, the hermit, shall be put
after his death; for thither shall that good knight come the fifteenth
day after that he shall receive the order of knighthood: and so that
day that they set is this time that he have his shield, and in the same
abbey lieth nacien, the hermit. and then the white knight vanished
away.

anon as the squire had heard these words, he alighted off his hackney
and kneeled down at galahad’s feet, and prayed him that he might go
with him till he had made him knight.

if i would not refuse you.

then will ye make me a knight? said the squire, and that order, by the
grace of god, shall be well set in me.

so sir galahad granted him, and turned again unto the abbey where they
came from; and there men made great joy of sir galahad. and anon as he
was alighted there was a monk brought him unto a tomb in a churchyard,
where there was such a noise that who that heard it should verily nigh
be mad or lose his strength: and sir, they said, we deem it is a fiend.




chapter xii. of the marvel that sir galahad saw and heard in the tomb,
and how he made melias knight.


now lead me thither, said galahad. and so they did, all armed save his
helm. now, said the good man, go to the tomb and lift it up. so he did,
and heard a great noise; and piteously he said, that all men might hear
it: sir galahad, the servant of jesu christ, come thou not nigh me, for
thou shalt make me go again there where i have been so long. but
galahad was nothing afraid, but lifted up the stone; and there came out
so foul a smoke, and after he saw the foulest figure leap thereout that
ever he saw in the likeness of a man; and then he blessed him and wist
well it was a fiend. then heard he a voice say galahad, i see there
environ about thee so many angels that my power may not dere thee{sic}
right so sir galahad saw a body all armed lie in that tomb, and beside
him a sword. now, fair brother, said galahad, let us remove this body,
for it is not worthy to lie in this churchyard, for he was a false
christian man. and therewith they all departed and went to the abbey.
and anon as he was unarmed a good man came and set him down by him and
said: sir, i shall tell you what betokeneth all that ye saw in the
tomb; for that covered body betokeneth the duresse of the world, and
the great sin that our lord found in the world. for there was such
wretchedness that the father loved not the son, nor the son loved not
the father; and that was one of the causes that our lord took flesh and
blood of a clean maiden, for our sins were so great at that time that
well-nigh all was wickedness. truly, said galahad, i believe you right
well.

so sir galahad rested him there that night; and upon the morn he made
the squire knight, and asked him his name, and of what kindred he was
come. sir, said he, men calleth me melias de lile, and i am the son of
the king of denmark. now, fair sir, said galahad, sith that ye be come
of kings and queens, now look that knighthood be well set in you, for
ye ought to be a mirror unto all chivalry. sir, said sir melias, ye say
sooth. but, sir, sithen ye have made me a knight ye must of right grant
me my first desire that is reasonable. ye say sooth, said galahad.
melias said: then that ye will suffer me to ride with you in this quest
of the sangreal, till that some adventure depart us. i grant you, sir.

then men brought sir melias his armour and his spear and his horse, and
so sir galahad and he rode forth all that week or they found any
adventure. and then upon a monday in the morning, as they were departed
from an abbey, they came to a cross which departed two ways, and in
that cross were letters written that said thus: now, ye knights errant,
the which goeth to seek knights adventurous, see here two ways; that
one way defendeth thee that thou ne go that way, for he shall not go
out of the way again but if he be a good man and a worthy knight; and
if thou go on the left hand, thou shalt not lightly there win prowess,
for thou shalt in this way be soon assayed. sir, said melias to
galahad, if it like you to suffer me to take the way on the left hand,
tell me, for there i shall well prove my strength. it were better, said
galahad, ye rode not that way, for i deem i should better escape in
that way than ye. nay, my lord, i pray you let me have that adventure.
take it in god’s name, said galahad.




chapter xiii. of the adventure that melias had, and how galahad
revenged him, and how melias was carried into an abbey.


and then rode melias into an old forest, and therein he rode two days
and more. and then he came into a fair meadow, and there was a fair
lodge of boughs. and then he espied in that lodge a chair, wherein was
a crown of gold, subtly wrought. also there were cloths covered upon
the earth, and many delicious meats set thereon. sir melias beheld this
adventure, and thought it marvellous, but he had no hunger, but of the
crown of gold he took much keep; and therewith he stooped down and took
it up, and rode his way with it. and anon he saw a knight came riding
after him that said: knight, set down that crown which is not yours,
and therefore defend you. then sir melias blessed him and said: fair
lord of heaven, help and save thy new-made knight. and then they let
their horses run as fast as they might, so that the other knight smote
sir melias through hauberk and through the left side, that he fell to
the earth nigh dead. and then he took the crown and went his way; and
sir melias lay still and had no power to stir.

in the meanwhile by fortune there came sir galahad and found him there
in peril of death. and then he said: ah melias, who hath wounded you?
therefore it had been better to have ridden the other way. and when sir
melias heard him speak: sir, he said, for god’s love let me not die in
this forest, but bear me unto the abbey here beside, that i may be
confessed and have my rights. it shall be done, said galahad, but where
is he that hath wounded you? with that sir galahad heard in the leaves
cry on high: knight, keep thee from me. ah sir, said melias, beware,
for that is he that hath slain me. sir galahad answered: sir knight,
come on your peril. then either dressed to other, and came together as
fast as their horses might run, and galahad smote him so that his spear
went through his shoulder, and smote him down off his horse, and in the
falling galahad’s spear brake.

with that came out another knight out of the leaves, and brake a spear
upon galahad or ever he might turn him. then galahad drew out his sword
and smote off the left arm of him, so that it fell to the earth. and
then he fled, and sir galahad pursued fast after him. and then he
turned again unto sir melias, and there he alighted and dressed him
softly on his horse to-fore him, for the truncheon of his spear was in
his body; and sir galahad stert up behind him, and held him in his
arms, and so brought him to the abbey, and there unarmed him and
brought him to his chamber. and then he asked his saviour. and when he
had received him he said unto sir galahad: sir, let death come when it
pleaseth him. and therewith he drew out the truncheon of the spear out
of his body: and then he swooned.

then came there an old monk which sometime had been a knight, and
beheld sir melias. and anon he ransacked him; and then he said unto sir
galahad: i shall heal him of his wound, by the grace of god, within the
term of seven weeks. then was sir galahad glad, and unarmed him, and
said he would abide there three days. and then he asked sir melias how
it stood with him. then he said he was turned unto helping, god be
thanked.




chapter xiv. how sir galahad departed, and how he was commanded to go
to the castle of maidens to destroy the wicked custom.


now will i depart, said galahad, for i have much on hand, for many good
knights be full busy about it, and this knight and i were in the same
quest of the sangreal. sir, said a good man, for his sin he was thus
wounded; and i marvel, said the good man, how ye durst take upon you so
rich a thing as the high order of knighthood without clean confession,
and that was the cause ye were bitterly wounded. for the way on the
right hand betokeneth the highway of our lord jesu christ, and the way
of a good true good liver. and the other way betokeneth the way of
sinners and of misbelievers. and when the devil saw your pride and
presumption, for to take you in the quest of the sangreal, that made
you to be overthrown, for it may not be enchieved but by virtuous
living. also, the writing on the cross was a signification of heavenly
deeds, and of knightly deeds in god’s works, and no knightly deeds in
worldly works. and pride is head of all deadly sins, that caused this
knight to depart from galahad. and where thou tookest the crown of gold
thou sinnest in covetise and in theft: all this were no knightly deeds.
and this galahad, the holy knight, the which fought with the two
knights, the two knights signify the two deadly sins which were wholly
in this knight melias; and they might not withstand you, for ye are
without deadly sin.

now departed galahad from thence, and betaught them all unto god. sir
melias said: my lord galahad, as soon as i may ride i shall seek you.
god send you health, said galahad, and so took his horse and departed,
and rode many journeys forward and backward, as adventure would lead
him. and at the last it happened him to depart from a place or a castle
the which was named abblasoure; and he had heard no mass, the which he
was wont ever to hear or ever he departed out of any castle or place,
and kept that for a custom. then sir galahad came unto a mountain where
he found an old chapel, and found there nobody, for all, all was
desolate; and there he kneeled to-fore the altar, and besought god of
wholesome counsel. so as he prayed he heard a voice that said: go thou
now, thou adventurous knight, to the castle of maidens, and there do
thou away the wicked customs.




chapter xv. how sir galahad fought with the knights of the castle, and
destroyed the wicked custom.


when sir galahad heard this he thanked god, and took his horse; and he
had not ridden but half a mile, he saw in the valley afore him a strong
castle with deep ditches, and there ran beside it a fair river that
hight severn; and there he met with a man of great age, and either
saluted other, and galahad asked him the castle’s name. fair sir, said
he, it is the castle of maidens. that is a cursed castle, said galahad,
and all they that be conversant therein, for all pity is out thereof,
and all hardiness and mischief is therein. therefore, i counsel you,
sir knight, to turn again. sir, said galahad, wit you well i shall not
turn again. then looked sir galahad on his arms that nothing failed
him, and then he put his shield afore him; and anon there met him seven
fair maidens, the which said unto him: sir knight, ye ride here in a
great folly, for ye have the water to pass over. why should i not pass
the water? said galahad. so rode he away from them and met with a
squire that said: knight, those knights in the castle defy you, and
defenden you ye go no further till that they wit what ye would. fair
sir, said galahad, i come for to destroy the wicked custom of this
castle. sir, an ye will abide by that ye shall have enough to do. go
you now, said galahad, and haste my needs.

then the squire entered into the castle. and anon after there came out
of the castle seven knights, and all were brethren. and when they saw
galahad they cried: knight, keep thee, for we assure thee nothing but
death. why, said galahad, will ye all have ado with me at once? yea,
said they, thereto mayst thou trust. then galahad put forth his spear
and smote the foremost to the earth, that near he brake his neck. and
therewithal the other smote him on his shield great strokes, so that
their spears brake. then sir galahad drew out his sword, and set upon
them so hard that it was marvel to see it, and so through great force
he made them to forsake the field; and galahad chased them till they
entered into the castle, and so passed through the castle at another
gate.

and there met sir galahad an old man clothed in religious clothing, and
said: sir, have here the keys of this castle. then sir galahad opened
the gates, and saw so much people in the streets that he might not
number them, and all said: sir, ye be welcome, for long have we abiden
here our deliverance. then came to him a gentlewoman and said: these
knights be fled, but they will come again this night, and here to begin
again their evil custom. what will ye that i shall do? said galahad.
sir, said the gentlewoman, that ye send after all the knights hither
that hold their lands of this castle, and make them to swear for to use
the customs that were used heretofore of old time. i will well, said
galahad. and there she brought him an horn of ivory, bounden with gold
richly, and said: sir, blow this horn which will be heard two mile
about this castle. when sir galahad had blown the horn he set him down
upon a bed.

then came a priest to galahad, and said: sir, it is past a seven year
agone that these seven brethren came into this castle, and harboured
with the lord of this castle that hight the duke lianour, and he was
lord of all this country. and when they espied the duke’s daughter,
that was a full fair woman, then by their false covin they made debate
betwixt themself, and the duke of his goodness would have departed
them, and there they slew him and his eldest son. and then they took
the maiden and the treasure of the castle. and then by great force they
held all the knights of this castle against their will under their
obeissance, and in great service and truage, robbing and pilling the
poor common people of all that they had. so it happened on a day the
duke’s daughter said: ye have done unto me great wrong to slay mine own
father, and my brother, and thus to hold our lands: not for then, she
said, ye shall not hold this castle for many years, for by one knight
ye shall be overcome. thus she prophesied seven years agone. well, said
the seven knights, sithen ye say so, there shall never lady nor knight
pass this castle but they shall abide maugre their heads, or die
therefore, till that knight be come by whom we shall lose this castle.
and therefore is it called the maidens’ castle, for they have devoured
many maidens. now, said galahad, is she here for whom this castle was
lost? nay sir, said the priest, she was dead within these three nights
after that she was thus enforced; and sithen have they kept her younger
sister, which endureth great pains with mo other ladies.

by this were the knights of the country come, and then he made them do
homage and fealty to the king’s daughter, and set them in great ease of
heart. and in the morn there came one to galahad and told him how that
gawaine, gareth, and uwaine, had slain the seven brethren. i suppose
well, said sir galahad, and took his armour and his horse, and
commended them unto god.




chapter xvi. how sir gawaine came to the abbey for to follow galahad,
and how he was shriven to a hermit.


now, saith the tale, after sir gawaine departed, he rode many journeys,
both toward and froward. and at the last he came to the abbey where sir
galahad had the white shield, and there sir gawaine learned the way to
sewe after sir galahad; and so he rode to the abbey where melias lay
sick, and there sir melias told sir gawaine of the marvellous
adventures that sir galahad did. certes, said sir gawaine, i am not
happy that i took not the way that he went, for an i may meet with him
i will not depart from him lightly, for all marvellous adventures sir
galahad enchieveth. sir, said one of the monks, he will not of your
fellowship. why? said sir gawaine. sir, said he, for ye be wicked and
sinful, and he is full blessed. right as they thus stood talking there
came in riding sir gareth. and then they made joy either of other. and
on the morn they heard mass, and so departed. and by the way they met
with sir uwaine les avoutres, and there sir uwaine told sir gawaine how
he had met with none adventure sith he departed from the court. nor we,
said sir gawaine. and either promised other of the three knights not to
depart while they were in that quest, but if fortune caused it.

so they departed and rode by fortune till that they came by the castle
of maidens; and there the seven brethren espied the three knights, and
said: sithen, we be flemed by one knight from this castle, we shall
destroy all the knights of king arthur’s that we may overcome, for the
love of sir galahad. and therewith the seven knights set upon the three
knights, and by fortune sir gawaine slew one of the brethren, and each
one of his fellows slew another, and so slew the remnant. and then they
took the way under the castle, and there they lost the way that sir
galahad rode, and there everych of them departed from other; and sir
gawaine rode till he came to an hermitage, and there he found the good
man saying his evensong of our lady; and there sir gawaine asked
harbour for charity, and the good man granted it him gladly.

then the good man asked him what he was. sir, he said, i am a knight of
king arthur’s that am in the quest of the sangreal, and my name is sir
gawaine. sir, said the good man, i would wit how it standeth betwixt
god and you. sir, said sir gawaine, i will with a good will shew you my
life if it please you; and there he told the hermit how a monk of an
abbey called me wicked knight. he might well say it, said the hermit,
for when ye were first made knight ye should have taken you to knightly
deeds and virtuous living, and ye have done the contrary, for ye have
lived mischievously many winters; and sir galahad is a maid and sinned
never, and that is the cause he shall enchieve where he goeth that ye
nor none such shall not attain, nor none in your fellowship, for ye
have used the most untruest life that ever i heard knight live. for
certes had ye not been so wicked as ye are, never had the seven
brethren been slain by you and your two fellows. for sir galahad
himself alone beat them all seven the day to-fore, but his living is
such he shall slay no man lightly. also i may say you the castle of
maidens betokeneth the good souls that were in prison afore the
incarnation of jesu christ. and the seven knights betoken the seven
deadly sins that reigned that time in the world; and i may liken the
good galahad unto the son of the high father, that lighted within a
maid, and bought all the souls out of thrall, so did sir galahad
deliver all the maidens out of the woful castle.

now, sir gawaine, said the good man, thou must do penance for thy sin.
sir, what penance shall i do? such as i will give, said the good man.
nay, said sir gawaine, i may do no penance; for we knights adventurous
oft suffer great woe and pain. well, said the good man, and then he
held his peace. and on the morn sir gawaine departed from the hermit,
and betaught him unto god. and by adventure he met with sir aglovale
and sir griflet, two knights of the table round. and they two rode four
days without finding of any adventure, and at the fifth day they
departed. and everych held as fell them by adventure. here leaveth the
tale of sir gawaine and his fellows, and speak we of sir galahad.




chapter xvii. how sir galahad met with sir launcelot and sir percivale,
and smote them down, and departed from them.


so when sir galahad was departed from the castle of maidens he rode
till he came to a waste forest, and there he met with sir launcelot and
sir percivale, but they knew him not, for he was new disguised. right
so sir launcelot, his father, dressed his spear and brake it upon sir
galahad, and galahad smote him so again that he smote down horse and
man. and then he drew his sword, and dressed him unto sir percivale,
and smote him so on the helm, that it rove to the coif of steel; and
had not the sword swerved sir percivale had been slain, and with the
stroke he fell out of his saddle. this jousts was done to-fore the
hermitage where a recluse dwelled. and when she saw sir galahad ride,
she said: god be with thee, best knight of the world. ah certes, said
she, all aloud that launcelot and percivale might hear it: an yonder
two knights had known thee as well as i do they would not have
encountered with thee. then sir galahad heard her say so he was adread
to be known: therewith he smote his horse with his spurs and rode a
great pace froward them. then perceived they both that he was galahad;
and up they gat on their horses, and rode fast after him, but in a
while he was out of their sight. and then they turned again with heavy
cheer. let us spere some tidings, said percivale, at yonder recluse. do
as ye list, said sir launcelot.

when sir percivale came to the recluse she knew him well enough, and
sir launcelot both. but sir launcelot rode overthwart and endlong in a
wild forest, and held no path but as wild adventure led him. and at the
last he came to a stony cross which departed two ways in waste land;
and by the cross was a stone that was of marble, but it was so dark
that sir launcelot might not wit what it was. then sir launcelot looked
by him, and saw an old chapel, and there he weened to have found
people; and sir launcelot tied his horse till a tree, and there he did
off his shield and hung it upon a tree, and then went to the chapel
door, and found it waste and broken. and within he found a fair altar,
full richly arrayed with cloth of clean silk, and there stood a fair
clean candlestick, which bare six great candles, and the candlestick
was of silver. and when sir launcelot saw this light he had great will
for to enter into the chapel, but he could find no place where he might
enter; then was he passing heavy and dismayed. then he returned and
came to his horse and did off his saddle and bridle, and let him
pasture, and unlaced his helm, and ungirt his sword, and laid him down
to sleep upon his shield to-fore the cross.




chapter xviii. how sir launcelot, half sleeping and half waking, saw a
sick man borne in a litter, and how he was healed with the sangreal.


and so he fell asleep; and half waking and sleeping he saw come by him
two palfreys all fair and white, the which bare a litter, therein lying
a sick knight. and when he was nigh the cross he there abode still. all
this sir launcelot saw and beheld, for he slept not verily; and he
heard him say: o sweet lord, when shall this sorrow leave me? and when
shall the holy vessel come by me, wherethrough i shall be blessed? for
i have endured thus long, for little trespass. a full great while
complained the knight thus, and always sir launcelot heard it. with
that sir launcelot saw the candlestick with the six tapers come before
the cross, and he saw nobody that brought it. also there came a table
of silver, and the holy vessel of the sangreal, which launcelot had
seen aforetime in king pescheour’s house. and therewith the sick knight
set him up, and held up both his hands, and said: fair sweet lord,
which is here within this holy vessel; take heed unto me that i may be
whole of this malady. and therewith on his hands and on his knees he
went so nigh that he touched the holy vessel and kissed it, and anon he
was whole; and then he said: lord god, i thank thee, for i am healed of
this sickness.

so when the holy vessel had been there a great while it went unto the
chapel with the chandelier and the light, so that launcelot wist not
where it was become; for he was overtaken with sin that he had no power
to rise again the holy vessel; wherefore after that many men said of
him shame, but he took repentance after that. then the sick knight
dressed him up and kissed the cross; anon his squire brought him his
arms, and asked his lord how he did. certes, said he, i thank god right
well, through the holy vessel i am healed. but i have marvel of this
sleeping knight that had no power to awake when this holy vessel was
brought hither. i dare right well say, said the squire, that he
dwelleth in some deadly sin whereof he was never confessed. by my
faith, said the knight, whatsomever he be he is unhappy, for as i deem
he is of the fellowship of the round table, the which is entered into
the quest of the sangreal. sir, said the squire, here i have brought
you all your arms save your helm and your sword, and therefore by mine
assent now may ye take this knight’s helm and his sword: and so he did.
and when he was clean armed he took sir launcelot’s horse, for he was
better than his; and so departed they from the cross.




chapter xix. how a voice spake to sir launcelot, and how he found his
horse and his helm borne away, and after went afoot.


then anon sir launcelot waked, and set him up, and bethought him what
he had seen there, and whether it were dreams or not. right so heard he
a voice that said: sir launcelot, more harder than is the stone, and
more bitter than is the wood, and more naked and barer than is the leaf
of the fig tree; therefore go thou from hence, and withdraw thee from
this holy place. and when sir launcelot heard this he was passing heavy
and wist not what to do, and so departed sore weeping, and cursed the
time that he was born. for then he deemed never to have had worship
more. for those words went to his heart, till that he knew wherefore he
was called so. then sir launcelot went to the cross and found his helm,
his sword, and his horse taken away. and then he called himself a very
wretch, and most unhappy of all knights; and there he said: my sin and
my wickedness have brought me unto great dishonour. for when i sought
worldly adventures for worldly desires, i ever enchieved them and had
the better in every place, and never was i discomfit in no quarrel,
were it right or wrong. and now i take upon me the adventures of holy
things, and now i see and understand that mine old sin hindereth me and
shameth me, so that i had no power to stir nor speak when the holy
blood appeared afore me. so thus he sorrowed till it was day, and heard
the fowls sing: then somewhat he was comforted. but when sir launcelot
missed his horse and his harness then he wist well god was displeased
with him.

then he departed from the cross on foot into a forest; and so by prime
he came to an high hill, and found an hermitage and a hermit therein
which was going unto mass. and then launcelot kneeled down and cried on
our lord mercy for his wicked works. so when mass was done launcelot
called him, and prayed him for charity for to hear his life. with a
good will, said the good man. sir, said he, be ye of king arthur’s
court and of the fellowship of the round table? yea forsooth, and my
name is sir launcelot du lake that hath been right well said of, and
now my good fortune is changed, for i am the most wretch of the world.
the hermit beheld him and had marvel how he was so abashed. sir, said
the hermit, ye ought to thank god more than any knight living, for he
hath caused you to have more worldly worship than any knight that now
liveth. and for your presumption to take upon you in deadly sin for to
be in his presence, where his flesh and his blood was, that caused you
ye might not see it with worldly eyes; for he will not appear where
such sinners be, but if it be unto their great hurt and unto their
great shame; and there is no knight living now that ought to give god
so great thank as ye, for he hath given you beauty, seemliness, and
great strength above all other knights; and therefore ye are the more
beholding unto god than any other man, to love him and dread him, for
your strength and manhood will little avail you an god be against you.




chapter xx. how sir launcelot was shriven, and what sorrow he made and
of the good ensamples which were shewed him.


then sir launcelot wept with heavy cheer, and said: now i know well ye
say me sooth. sir, said the good man, hide none old sin from me. truly,
said sir launcelot, that were me full loath to discover. for this
fourteen year i never discovered one thing that i have used, and that
may i now wite my shame and my disadventure. and then he told there
that good man all his life. and how he had loved a queen unmeasurably
and out of measure long. and all my great deeds of arms that i have
done, i did for the most part for the queen’s sake, and for her sake
would i do battle were it right or wrong, and never did i battle all
only for god’s sake, but for to win worship and to cause me to be the
better beloved and little or nought i thanked god of it. then sir
launcelot said: i pray you counsel me. i will counsel you, said the
hermit, if ye will ensure me that ye will never come in that queen’s
fellowship as much as ye may forbear. and then sir launcelot promised
him he nold, by the faith of his body. look that your heart and your
mouth accord, said the good man, and i shall ensure you ye shall have
more worship than ever ye had.

holy father, said sir launcelot, i marvel of the voice that said to me
marvellous words, as ye have heard to-forehand. have ye no marvel, said
the good man thereof, for it seemeth well god loveth you; for men may
understand a stone is hard of kind, and namely one more than another;
and that is to understand by thee, sir launcelot, for thou wilt not
leave thy sin for no goodness that god hath sent thee; therefore thou
art more than any stone, and never wouldst thou be made nesh nor by
water nor by fire, and that is the heat of the holy ghost may not enter
in thee. now take heed, in all the world men shall not find one knight
to whom our lord hath given so much of grace as he hath given you, for
he hath given you fairness with seemliness, he hath given thee wit,
discretion to know good from evil, he hath given thee prowess and
hardiness, and given thee to work so largely that thou hast had at all
days the better wheresomever thou came; and now our lord will suffer
thee no longer, but that thou shalt know him whether thou wilt or nylt.
and why the voice called thee bitterer than wood, for where overmuch
sin dwelleth, there may be but little sweetness, wherefore thou art
likened to an old rotten tree.

now have i shewed thee why thou art harder than the stone and bitterer
than the tree. now shall i shew thee why thou art more naked and barer
than the fig tree. it befell that our lord on palm sunday preached in
jerusalem, and there he found in the people that all hardness was
harboured in them, and there he found in all the town not one that
would harbour him. and then he went without the town, and found in
midst of the way a fig tree, the which was right fair and well
garnished of leaves, but fruit had it none. then our lord cursed the
tree that bare no fruit; that betokeneth the fig tree unto jerusalem,
that had leaves and no fruit. so thou, sir launcelot, when the holy
grail was brought afore thee, he found in thee no fruit, nor good
thought nor good will, and defouled with lechery. certes, said sir
launcelot, all that you have said is true, and from henceforward i cast
me, by the grace of god, never to be so wicked as i have been, but as
to follow knighthood and to do feats of arms.

then the good man enjoined sir launcelot such penance as he might do
and to sewe knighthood, and so assoiled him, and prayed sir launcelot
to abide with him all that day. i will well, said sir launcelot, for i
have neither helm, nor horse, nor sword. as for that, said the good
man, i shall help you or to-morn at even of an horse, and all that
longed unto you. and then sir launcelot repented him greatly.

_here endeth off the history of sir launcelot. and here followeth of
sir percivale de galis, which is the fourteenth book._




book xiv.




chapter i. how sir percivale came to a recluse and asked counsel, and
how she told him that she was his aunt.


now saith the tale, that when sir launcelot was ridden after sir
galahad, the which had all these adventures above said, sir percivale
turned again unto the recluse, where he deemed to have tidings of that
knight that launcelot followed. and so he kneeled at her window, and
the recluse opened it and asked sir percivale what he would. madam, he
said, i am a knight of king arthur’s court, and my name is sir
percivale de galis. when the recluse heard his name she had great joy
of him, for mickle she had loved him to-fore any other knight, for she
ought to do so, for she was his aunt. and then she commanded the gates
to be opened, and there he had all the cheer that she might make him,
and all that was in her power was at his commandment.

so on the morn sir percivale went to the recluse and asked her if she
knew that knight with the white shield. sir, said she, why would ye
wit? truly, madam, said sir percivale, i shall never be well at ease
till that i know of that knight’s fellowship, and that i may fight with
him, for i may not leave him so lightly, for i have the shame yet. ah,
percivale, said she, would ye fight with him? i see well ye have great
will to be slain as your father was, through outrageousness. madam,
said sir percivale, it seemeth by your words that ye know me. yea, said
she, i well ought to know you, for i am your aunt, although i be in a
priory place. for some called me sometime the queen of the waste lands,
and i was called the queen of most riches in the world; and it pleased
me never my riches so much as doth my poverty. then sir percivale wept
for very pity when that he knew it was his aunt. ah, fair nephew, said
she, when heard ye tidings of your mother? truly, said he, i heard none
of her, but i dream of her much in my sleep; and therefore i wot not
whether she be dead or alive. certes, fair nephew, said she, your
mother is dead, for after your departing from her she took such a
sorrow that anon, after she was confessed, she died. now, god have
mercy on her soul, said sir percivale, it sore forthinketh me; but all
we must change the life. now, fair aunt, tell me what is the knight? i
deem it be he that bare the red arms on whitsunday. wit you well, said
she, that this is he, for otherwise ought he not to do, but to go in
red arms; and that same knight hath no peer, for he worketh all by
miracle, and he shall never be overcome of none earthly man’s hand.




chapter ii. how merlin likened the round table to the world, and how
the knights that should achieve the sangreal should be known.


also merlin made the round table in tokening of roundness of the world,
for by the round table is the world signified by right, for all the
world, christian and heathen, repair unto the round table; and when
they are chosen to be of the fellowship of the round table they think
them more blessed and more in worship than if they had gotten half the
world; and ye have seen that they have lost their fathers and their
mothers, and all their kin, and their wives and their children, for to
be of your fellowship. it is well seen by you; for since ye have
departed from your mother ye would never see her, ye found such
fellowship at the round table. when merlin had ordained the round table
he said, by them which should be fellows of the round table the truth
of the sangreal should be well known. and men asked him how men might
know them that should best do and to enchieve the sangreal? then he
said there should be three white bulls that should enchieve it, and the
two should be maidens, and the third should be chaste. and that one of
the three should pass his father as much as the lion passeth the
leopard, both of strength and hardiness.

they that heard merlin say so said thus unto merlin: sithen there shall
be such a knight, thou shouldest ordain by thy crafts a siege, that no
man should sit in it but he all only that shall pass all other knights.
then merlin answered that he would do so. and then he made the siege
perilous, in the which galahad sat in at his meat on whitsunday last
past. now, madam, said sir percivale, so much have i heard of you that
by my good will i will never have ado with sir galahad but by way of
kindness; and for god’s love, fair aunt, can ye teach me some way where
i may find him? for much would i love the fellowship of him. fair
nephew, said she, ye must ride unto a castle the which is called
goothe, where he hath a cousin-germain, and there may ye be lodged this
night. and as he teacheth you, seweth after as fast as ye can; and if
he can tell you no tidings of him, ride straight unto the castle of
carbonek, where the maimed king is there lying, for there shall ye hear
true tidings of him.




chapter iii. how sir percivale came into a monastery, where he found
king evelake, which was an old man.


then departed sir percivale from his aunt, either making great sorrow.
and so he rode till evensong time. and then he heard a clock smite; and
then he was ware of an house closed well with walls and deep ditches,
and there he knocked at the gate and was let in, and he alighted and
was led unto a chamber, and soon he was unarmed. and there he had right
good cheer all that night; and on the morn he heard his mass, and in
the monastery he found a priest ready at the altar. and on the right
side he saw a pew closed with iron, and behind the altar he saw a rich
bed and a fair, as of cloth of silk and gold.

then sir percivale espied that therein was a man or a woman, for the
visage was covered; then he left off his looking and heard his service.
and when it came to the sacring, he that lay within that parclos
dressed him up, and uncovered his head; and then him beseemed a passing
old man, and he had a crown of gold upon his head, and his shoulders
were naked and unhilled unto his navel. and then sir percivale espied
his body was full of great wounds, both on the shoulders, arms, and
visage. and ever he held up his hands against our lord’s body, and
cried: fair, sweet father, jesu christ, forget not me. and so he lay
down, but always he was in his prayers and orisons; and him seemed to
be of the age of three hundred winter. and when the mass was done the
priest took our lord’s body and bare it to the sick king. and when he
had used it he did off his crown, and commanded the crown to be set on
the altar.

then sir percivale asked one of the brethren what he was. sir, said the
good man, ye have heard much of joseph of aramathie, how he was sent by
jesu christ into this land for to teach and preach the holy christian
faith; and therefore he suffered many persecutions the which the
enemies of christ did unto him, and in the city of sarras he converted
a king whose name was evelake. and so this king came with joseph into
this land, and ever he was busy to be thereas the sangreal was; and on
a time he nighed it so nigh that our lord was displeased with him, but
ever he followed it more and more, till god struck him almost blind.
then this king cried mercy, and said: fair lord, let me never die till
the good knight of my blood of the ninth degree be come, that i may see
him openly that he shall enchieve the sangreal, that i may kiss him.




chapter iv. how sir percivale saw many men of arms bearing a dead
knight, and how he fought against them.


when the king thus had made his prayers he heard a voice that said:
heard be thy prayers, for thou shalt not die till he have kissed thee.
and when that knight shall come the clearness of your eyes shall come
again, and thou shalt see openly, and thy wounds shall be healed, and
erst shall they never close. and this befell of king evelake, and this
same king hath lived this three hundred winters this holy life, and men
say the knight is in the court that shall heal him. sir, said the good
man, i pray you tell me what knight that ye be, and if ye be of king
arthur’s court and of the table round. yea forsooth, said he, and my
name is sir percivale de galis. and when the good man understood his
name he made great joy of him.

and then sir percivale departed and rode till the hour of noon. and he
met in a valley about a twenty men of arms, which bare in a bier a
knight deadly slain. and when they saw sir percivale they asked him of
whence he was. and he answered: of the court of king arthur. then they
cried all at once: slay him. then sir percivale smote the first to the
earth and his horse upon him. and then seven of the knights smote upon
his shield all at once, and the remnant slew his horse so that he fell
to the earth. so had they slain him or taken him had not the good
knight, sir galahad, with the red arms come there by adventure into
those parts. and when he saw all those knights upon one knight he
cried: save me that knight’s life. and then he dressed him toward the
twenty men of arms as fast as his horse might drive, with his spear in
the rest, and smote the foremost horse and man to the earth. and when
his spear was broken he set his hand to his sword, and smote on the
right hand and on the left hand that it was marvel to see, and at every
stroke he smote one down or put him to a rebuke, so that they would
fight no more but fled to a thick forest, and sir galahad followed
them.

and when sir percivale saw him chase them so, he made great sorrow that
his horse was away. and then he wist well it was sir galahad. and then
he cried aloud: ah fair knight, abide and suffer me to do thankings
unto thee, for much have ye done for me. but ever sir galahad rode so
fast that at the last he passed out of his sight. and as fast as sir
percivale might he went after him on foot, crying. and then he met with
a yeoman riding upon an hackney, the which led in his hand a great
steed blacker than any bear. ah, fair friend, said sir percivale, as
ever i may do for you, and to be your true knight in the first place ye
will require me, that ye will lend me that black steed, that i might
overtake a knight the which rideth afore me. sir knight, said the
yeoman, i pray you hold me excused of that, for that i may not do. for
wit ye well, the horse is such a man’s horse, that an i lent it you or
any man, that he would slay me. alas, said sir percivale, i had never
so great sorrow as i have had for losing of yonder knight. sir, said
the yeoman, i am right heavy for you, for a good horse would beseem you
well; but i dare not deliver you this horse but if ye would take him
from me. that will i not do, said sir percivale. and so they departed;
and sir percivale set him down under a tree, and made sorrow out of
measure. and as he was there, there came a knight riding on the horse
that the yeoman led, and he was clean armed.




chapter v. how a yeoman desired him to get again an horse, and how sir
percivale’s hackney was slain, and how he gat an horse.


and anon the yeoman came pricking after as fast as ever he might, and
asked sir percivale if he saw any knight riding on his black steed.
yea, sir, forsooth, said he; why, sir, ask ye me that? ah, sir, that
steed he hath benome me with strength; wherefore my lord will slay me
in what place he findeth me. well, said sir percivale, what wouldst
thou that i did? thou seest well that i am on foot, but an i had a good
horse i should bring him soon again. sir, said the yeoman, take mine
hackney and do the best ye can, and i shall sewe you on foot to wit how
that ye shall speed. then sir percivale alighted upon that hackney, and
rode as fast as he might, and at the last he saw that knight. and then
he cried: knight, turn again; and he turned and set his spear against
sir percivale, and he smote the hackney in the midst of the breast that
he fell down dead to the earth, and there he had a great fall, and the
other rode his way. and then sir percivale was wood wroth, and cried:
abide, wicked knight; coward and false-hearted knight, turn again and
fight with me on foot. but he answered not, but passed on his way.

when sir percivale saw he would not turn he cast away his helm and
sword, and said: now am i a very wretch, cursed and most unhappy above
all other knights. so in this sorrow he abode all that day till it was
night; and then he was faint, and laid him down and slept till it was
midnight; and then he awaked and saw afore him a woman which said unto
him right fiercely: sir percivale, what dost thou here? he answered, i
do neither good nor great ill. if thou wilt ensure me, said she, that
thou wilt fulfil my will when i summon thee, i shall lend thee mine own
horse which shall bear thee whither thou wilt. sir percivale was glad
of her proffer, and ensured her to fulfil all her desire. then abide me
here, and i shall go and fetch you an horse. and so she came soon again
and brought an horse with her that was inly black. when percivale
beheld that horse he marvelled that it was so great and so well
apparelled; and not for then he was so hardy, and he leapt upon him,
and took none heed of himself. and so anon as he was upon him he thrust
to him with his spurs, and so he rode by a forest, and the moon shone
clear. and within an hour and less he bare him four days’ journey
thence, until he came to a rough water the which roared, and his horse
would have borne him into it.




chapter vi. of the great danger that sir percivale was in by his horse,
and how he saw a serpent and a lion fight.


and when sir percivale came nigh the brim, and saw the water so
boistous, he doubted to overpass it. and then he made a sign of the
cross in his forehead. when the fiend felt him so charged he shook off
sir percivale, and he went into the water crying and roaring, making
great sorrow, and it seemed unto him that the water brent. then sir
percivale perceived it was a fiend, the which would have brought him
unto his perdition. then he commended himself unto god, and prayed our
lord to keep him from all such temptations; and so he prayed all that
night till on the morn that it was day; then he saw that he was in a
wild mountain the which was closed with the sea nigh all about, that he
might see no land about him which might relieve him, but wild beasts.

and then he went into a valley, and there he saw a young serpent bring
a young lion by the neck, and so he came by sir percivale. with that
came a great lion crying and roaring after the serpent. and as fast as
sir percivale saw this he marvelled, and hied him thither, but anon the
lion had overtaken the serpent and began battle with him. and then sir
percivale thought to help the lion, for he was the more natural beast
of the two; and therewith he drew his sword, and set his shield afore
him, and there he gave the serpent such a buffet that he had a deadly
wound. when the lion saw that, he made no resemblaunt to fight with
him, but made him all the cheer that a beast might make a man. then
percivale perceived that, and cast down his shield which was broken;
and then he did off his helm for to gather wind, for he was greatly
enchafed with the serpent: and the lion went alway about him fawning as
a spaniel. and then he stroked him on the neck and on the shoulders.
and then he thanked god of the fellowship of that beast. and about noon
the lion took his little whelp and trussed him and bare him there he
came from.

then was sir percivale alone. and as the tale telleth, he was one of
the men of the world at that time which most believed in our lord jesu
christ, for in those days there were but few folks that believed in god
perfectly. for in those days the son spared not the father no more than
a stranger. and so sir percivale comforted himself in our lord jesu,
and besought god no temptation should bring him out of god’s service,
but to endure as his true champion. thus when sir percivale had prayed
he saw the lion come toward him, and then he couched down at his feet.
and so all that night the lion and he slept together; and when sir
percivale slept he dreamed a marvellous dream, that there two ladies
met with him, and that one sat upon a lion, and that other sat upon a
serpent, and that one of them was young, and the other was old; and the
youngest him thought said: sir percivale, my lord saluteth thee, and
sendeth thee word that thou array thee and make thee ready, for to-morn
thou must fight with the strongest champion of the world. and if thou
be overcome thou shall not be quit for losing of any of thy members,
but thou shalt be shamed for ever to the world’s end. and then he asked
her what was her lord. and she said the greatest lord of all the world:
and so she departed suddenly that he wist not where.




chapter vii. of the vision that sir percivale saw, and how his vision
was expounded, and of his lion.


then came forth the other lady that rode upon the serpent, and she
said: sir percivale, i complain me of you that ye have done unto me,
and have not offended unto you. certes, madam, he said, unto you nor no
lady i never offended. yes, said she, i shall tell you why. i have
nourished in this place a great while a serpent, which served me a
great while, and yesterday ye slew him as he gat his prey. say me for
what cause ye slew him, for the lion was not yours. madam, said sir
percivale, i know well the lion was not mine, but i did it for the lion
is of more gentler nature than the serpent, and therefore i slew him;
meseemeth i did not amiss against you. madam, said he, what would ye
that i did? i would, said she, for the amends of my beast that ye
become my man. and then he answered: that will i not grant you. no,
said she, truly ye were never but my servant sin ye received the homage
of our lord jesu christ. therefore, i ensure you in what place i may
find you without keeping i shall take you, as he that sometime was my
man. and so she departed from sir percivale and left him sleeping, the
which was sore travailed of his advision. and on the morn he arose and
blessed him, and he was passing feeble.

then was sir percivale ware in the sea, and saw a ship come sailing
toward him; and sir percivale went unto the ship and found it covered
within and without with white samite. and at the board stood an old man
clothed in a surplice, in likeness of a priest. sir, said sir
percivale, ye be welcome. god keep you, said the good man. sir, said
the old man, of whence be ye? sir, said sir percivale, i am of king
arthur’s court, and a knight of the table round, the which am in the
quest of the sangreal; and here am i in great duresse, and never like
to escape out of this wilderness. doubt not, said the good man, an ye
be so true a knight as the order of chivalry requireth, and of heart as
ye ought to be, ye should not doubt that none enemy should slay you.
what are ye? said sir percivale. sir, said the old man, i am of a
strange country, and hither i come to comfort you.

sir, said sir percivale, what signifieth my dream that i dreamed this
night? and there he told him altogether: she which rode upon the lion
betokeneth the new law of holy church, that is to understand, faith,
good hope, belief, and baptism. for she seemed younger than the other
it is great reason, for she was born in the resurrection and the
passion of our lord jesu christ. and for great love she came to thee to
warn thee of thy great battle that shall befall thee. with whom, said
sir percivale, shall i fight? with the most champion of the world, said
the old man; for as the lady said, but if thou quit thee well thou
shalt not be quit by losing of one member, but thou shalt be shamed to
the world’s end. and she that rode on the serpent signifieth the old
law, and that serpent betokeneth a fiend. and why she blamed thee that
thou slewest her servant, it betokeneth nothing; the serpent that thou
slewest betokeneth the devil that thou rodest upon to the rock. and
when thou madest a sign of the cross, there thou slewest him, and put
away his power. and when she asked thee amends and to become her man,
and thou saidst thou wouldst not, that was to make thee to believe on
her and leave thy baptism. so he commanded sir percivale to depart, and
so he leapt over the board and the ship, and all went away he wist not
whither. then he went up unto the rock and found the lion which always
kept him fellowship, and he stroked him upon the back and had great joy
of him.




chapter viii. how sir percivale saw a ship coming to him-ward, and how
the lady of the ship told him of her disheritance.


by that sir percivale had abiden there till mid-day he saw a ship came
rowing in the sea, as all the wind of the world had driven it. and so
it drove under that rock. and when sir percivale saw this he hied him
thither, and found the ship covered with silk more blacker than any
bear, and therein was a gentlewoman of great beauty, and she was
clothed richly that none might be better. and when she saw sir
percivale she said: who brought you in this wilderness where ye be
never like to pass hence, for ye shall die here for hunger and
mischief? damosel, said sir percivale, i serve the best man of the
world, and in his service he will not suffer me to die, for who that
knocketh shall enter, and who that asketh shall have, and who that
seeketh him he hideth him not. but then she said: sir percivale, wot ye
what i am? yea, said he. now who taught you my name? said she. now,
said sir percivale, i know you better than ye ween. and i came out of
the waste forest where i found the red knight with the white shield,
said the damosel. ah, damosel, said he, with that knight would i meet
passing fain. sir knight, said she, an ye will ensure me by the faith
that ye owe unto knighthood that ye shall do my will what time i summon
you, and i shall bring you unto that knight. yea, said he, i shall
promise you to fulfil your desire. well, said she, now shall i tell
you. i saw him in the forest chasing two knights unto a water, the
which is called mortaise; and they drove him into the water for dread
of death, and the two knights passed over, and the red knight passed
after, and there his horse was drenched, and he, through great
strength, escaped unto the land: thus she told him, and sir percivale
was passing glad thereof.

then she asked him if he had ate any meat late. nay, madam, truly i ate
no meat nigh this three days, but late here i spake with a good man
that fed me with his good words and holy, and refreshed me greatly. ah,
sir knight, said she, that same man is an enchanter and a multiplier of
words. for an ye believe him ye shall plainly be shamed, and die in
this rock for pure hunger, and be eaten with wild beasts; and ye be a
young man and a goodly knight, and i shall help you an ye will. what
are ye, said sir percivale, that proffered me thus great kindness? i
am, said she, a gentlewoman that am disherited, which was sometime the
richest woman of the world. damosel, said sir percivale, who hath
disherited you? for i have great pity of you. sir, said she, i dwelled
with the greatest man of the world, and he made me so fair and clear
that there was none like me; and of that great beauty i had a little
pride more than i ought to have had. also i said a word that pleased
him not. and then he would not suffer me to be any longer in his
company, and so drove me from mine heritage, and so disherited me, and
he had never pity of me nor of none of my council, nor of my court. and
sithen, sir knight, it hath befallen me so, and through me and mine i
have benome him many of his men, and made them to become my men. for
they ask never nothing of me but i give it them, that and much more.
thus i and all my servants were against him night and day. therefore i
know now no good knight, nor no good man, but i get them on my side an
i may. and for that i know that thou art a good knight, i beseech you
to help me; and for ye be a fellow of the round table, wherefore ye
ought not to fail no gentlewoman which is disherited, an she besought
you of help.




chapter ix. how sir percivale promised her help, and how he required
her of love, and how he was saved from the fiend.


then sir percivale promised her all the help that he might; and then
she thanked him. and at that time the weather was hot. then she called
unto her a gentlewoman and bade her bring forth a pavilion; and so she
did, and pight it upon the gravel. sir, said she, now may ye rest you
in this heat of the day. then he thanked her, and she put off his helm
and his shield, and there he slept a great while. and then he awoke and
asked her if she had any meat, and she said: yea, also ye shall have
enough. and so there was set enough upon the table, and thereon so much
that he had marvel, for there was all manner of meats that he could
think on. also he drank there the strongest wine that ever he drank,
him thought, and therewith he was a little chafed more than he ought to
be; with that he beheld the gentlewoman, and him thought she was the
fairest creature that ever he saw. and then sir percivale proffered her
love, and prayed her that she would be his. then she refused him, in a
manner, when he required her, for the cause he should be the more
ardent on her, and ever he ceased not to pray her of love. and when she
saw him well enchafed, then she said: sir percivale, wit you well i
shall not fulfil your will but if ye swear from henceforth ye shall be
my true servant, and to do nothing but that i shall command you. will
ye ensure me this as ye be a true knight? yea, said he, fair lady, by
the faith of my body. well, said she, now shall ye do with me whatso it
please you; and now wit ye well ye are the knight in the world that i
have most desire to.

and then two squires were commanded to make a bed in midst of the
pavilion. and anon she was unclothed and laid therein. and then sir
percivale laid him down by her naked; and by adventure and grace he saw
his sword lie on the ground naked, in whose pommel was a red cross and
the sign of the crucifix therein, and bethought him on his knighthood
and his promise made to-forehand unto the good man; then he made a sign
of the cross in his forehead, and therewith the pavilion turned
up-so-down, and then it changed unto a smoke, and a black cloud, and
then he was adread and cried aloud:




chapter x. how sir percivale for penance rove himself through the
thigh; and how she was known for the devil.


fair sweet father, jesu christ, ne let me not be shamed, the which was
nigh lost had not thy good grace been. and then he looked into a ship,
and saw her enter therein, which said: sir percivale, ye have betrayed
me. and so she went with the wind roaring and yelling, that it seemed
all the water brent after her. then sir percivale made great sorrow,
and drew his sword unto him, saying: sithen my flesh will be my master
i shall punish it; and therewith he rove himself through the thigh that
the blood stert about him, and said: o good lord, take this in
recompensation of that i have done against thee, my lord. so then he
clothed him and armed him, and called himself a wretch, saying: how
nigh was i lost, and to have lost that i should never have gotten
again, that was my virginity, for that may never be recovered after it
is once lost. and then he stopped his bleeding wound with a piece of
his shirt.

thus as he made his moan he saw the same ship come from orient that the
good man was in the day afore, and the noble knight was ashamed with
himself, and therewith he fell in a swoon. and when he awoke he went
unto him weakly, and there he saluted this good man. and then he asked
sir percivale: how hast thou done sith i departed? sir, said he, here
was a gentlewoman and led me into deadly sin. and there he told him
altogether. knew ye not the maid? said the good man. sir, said he, nay,
but well i wot the fiend sent her hither to shame me. o good knight,
said he, thou art a fool, for that gentlewoman was the master fiend of
hell, the which hath power above all devils, and that was the old lady
that thou sawest in thine advision riding on the serpent. then he told
sir percivale how our lord jesu christ beat him out of heaven for his
sin, the which was the most brightest angel of heaven, and therefore he
lost his heritage. and that was the champion that thou foughtest
withal, the which had overcome thee had not the grace of god been. now
beware sir percivale, and take this for an ensample. and then the good
man vanished away. then sir percivale took his arms, and entered into
the ship, and so departed from thence.

_here endeth the fourteenth book, which is of sir percivale. and here
followeth of sir launcelot, which is the fifteenth book._




book xv.




chapter i. how sir launcelot came to a chapel, where he found dead, in
a white shirt, a man of religion, of an hundred winter old.


when the hermit had kept sir launcelot three days, the hermit gat him
an horse, an helm, and a sword. and then he departed about the hour of
noon. and then he saw a little house. and when he came near he saw a
chapel, and there beside he saw an old man that was clothed all in
white full richly; and then sir launcelot said: god save you. god keep
you, said the good man, and make you a good knight. then sir launcelot
alighted and entered into the chapel, and there he saw an old man dead,
in a white shirt of passing fine cloth.

sir, said the good man, this man that is dead ought not to be in such
clothing as ye see him in, for in that he brake the oath of his order,
for he hath been more than an hundred winter a man of a religion. and
then the good man and sir launcelot went into the chapel; and the good
man took a stole about his neck, and a book, and then he conjured on
that book; and with that they saw in an hideous figure and horrible,
that there was no man so hard-hearted nor so hard but he should have
been afeard. then said the fiend: thou hast travailed me greatly; now
tell me what thou wilt with me. i will, said the good man, that thou
tell me how my fellow became dead, and whether he be saved or damned.
then he said with an horrible voice: he is not lost but saved. how may
that be? said the good man; it seemed to me that he lived not well, for
he brake his order for to wear a shirt where he ought to wear none, and
who that trespasseth against our order doth not well. not so, said the
fiend, this man that lieth here dead was come of a great lineage. and
there was a lord that hight the earl de vale, that held great war
against this man’s nephew, the which hight aguarus. and so this aguarus
saw the earl was bigger than he. then he went for to take counsel of
his uncle, the which lieth here dead as ye may see. and then he asked
leave, and went out of his hermitage for to maintain his nephew against
the mighty earl; and so it happed that this man that lieth here dead
did so much by his wisdom and hardiness that the earl was taken, and
three of his lords, by force of this dead man.




chapter ii. of a dead man, how men would have hewn him, and it would
not be, and how sir launcelot took the hair of the dead man.


then was there peace betwixt the earl and this aguarus, and great
surety that the earl should never war against him. then this dead man
that here lieth came to this hermitage again; and then the earl made
two of his nephews for to be avenged upon this man. so they came on a
day, and found this dead man at the sacring of his mass, and they abode
him till he had said mass. and then they set upon him and drew out
swords to have slain him; but there would no sword bite on him more
than upon a gad of steel, for the high lord which he served he him
preserved. then made they a great fire, and did off all his clothes,
and the hair off his back. and then this dead man hermit said unto
them: ween you to burn me? it shall not lie in your power nor to perish
me as much as a thread, an there were any on my body. no? said one of
them, it shall be assayed. and then they despoiled him, and put upon
him this shirt, and cast him in a fire, and there he lay all that night
till it was day in that fire, and was not dead, and so in the morn i
came and found him dead; but i found neither thread nor skin tamed, and
so took him out of the fire with great fear, and laid him here as ye
may see. and now may ye suffer me to go my way, for i have said you the
sooth. and then he departed with a great tempest.

then was the good man and sir launcelot more gladder than they were
to-fore. and then sir launcelot dwelled with that good man that night.
sir, said the good man, be ye not sir launcelot du lake? yea, sir, said
he. what seek ye in this country? sir, said sir launcelot, i go to seek
the adventures of the sangreal. well, said he, seek it ye may well, but
though it were here ye shall have no power to see it no more than a
blind man should see a bright sword, and that is long on your sin, and
else ye were more abler than any man living. and then sir launcelot
began to weep. then said the good man: were ye confessed sith ye
entered into the quest of the sangreal? yea, sir, said sir launcelot.
then upon the morn when the good man had sung his mass, then they
buried the dead man. then sir launcelot said: father, what shall i do?
now, said the good man, i require you take this hair that was this holy
man’s and put it next thy skin, and it shall prevail thee greatly. sir,
and i will do it, said sir launcelot. also i charge you that ye eat no
flesh as long as ye be in the quest of the sangreal, nor ye shall drink
no wine, and that ye hear mass daily an ye may do it. so he took the
hair and put it upon him, and so departed at evensong-time.

and so rode he into a forest, and there he met with a gentlewoman
riding upon a white palfrey, and then she asked him: sir knight,
whither ride ye? certes, damosel, said launcelot, i wot not whither i
ride but as fortune leadeth me. ah, sir launcelot, said she, i wot what
adventure ye seek, for ye were afore time nearer than ye be now, and
yet shall ye see it more openly than ever ye did, and that shall ye
understand in short time. then sir launcelot asked her where he might
be harboured that night. ye shall not find this day nor night, but
to-morn ye shall find harbour good, and ease of that ye be in doubt of.
and then he commended her unto god. then he rode till that he came to a
cross, and took that for his host as for that night.




chapter iii. of an advision that sir launcelot had, and how he told it
to an hermit, and desired counsel of him.


and so he put his horse to pasture, and did off his helm and his
shield, and made his prayers unto the cross that he never fall in
deadly sin again. and so he laid him down to sleep. and anon as he was
asleep it befell him there an advision, that there came a man afore him
all by compass of stars, and that man had a crown of gold on his head
and that man led in his fellowship seven kings and two knights. and all
these worshipped the cross, kneeling upon their knees, holding up their
hands toward the heaven. and all they said: fair sweet father of heaven
come and visit us, and yield unto us everych as we have deserved.

then looked launcelot up to the heaven, and him seemed the clouds did
open, and an old man came down, with a company of angels, and alighted
among them, and gave unto everych his blessing, and called them his
servants, and good and true knights. and when this old man had said
thus he came to one of those knights, and said: i have lost all that i
have set in thee, for thou hast ruled thee against me as a warrior, and
used wrong wars with vain-glory, more for the pleasure of the world
than to please me, therefore thou shalt be confounded without thou
yield me my treasure. all this advision saw sir launcelot at the cross.

and on the morn he took his horse and rode till mid-day; and there by
adventure he met with the same knight that took his horse, helm, and
his sword, when he slept when the sangreal appeared afore the cross.
when sir launcelot saw him he saluted hin not fair, but cried on high:
knight, keep thee, for thou hast done to me great unkindness. and then
they put afore them their spears, and sir launcelot came so fiercely
upon him that he smote him and his horse down to the earth, that he had
nigh broken his neck. then sir launcelot took the knight’s horse that
was his own aforehand, and descended from the horse he sat upon, and
mounted upon his own horse, and tied the knight’s own horse to a tree,
that he might find that horse when that he was arisen. then sir
launcelot rode till night, and by adventure he met an hermit, and each
of them saluted other; and there he rested with that good man all
night, and gave his horse such as he might get. then said the good man
unto launcelot: of whence be ye? sir, said he, i am of arthur’s court,
and my name is sir launcelot du lake that am in the quest of the
sangreal, and therefore i pray you to counsel me of a vision the which
i had at the cross. and so he told him all.




chapter iv. how the hermit expounded to sir launcelot his advision, and
told him that sir galahad was his son.


lo, sir launcelot, said the good man, there thou mightest understand
the high lineage that thou art come of, and thine advision betokeneth.
after the passion of jesu christ forty year, joseph of aramathie
preached the victory of king evelake, that he had in the battles the
better of his enemies. and of the seven kings and the two knights: the
first of them is called nappus, an holy man; and the second hight
nacien, in remembrance of his grandsire, and in him dwelled our lord
jesu christ; and the third was called helias le grose; and the fourth
hight lisais; and the fifth hight jonas, he departed out of his country
and went into wales, and took there the daughter of manuel, whereby he
had the land of gaul, and he came to dwell in this country. and of him
came king launcelot thy grandsire, the which there wedded the king’s
daughter of ireland, and he was as worthy a man as thou art, and of him
came king ban, thy father, the which was the last of the seven kings.
and by thee, sir launcelot, it signifieth that the angels said thou
were none of the seven fellowships. and the last was the ninth knight,
he was signified to a lion, for he should pass all manner of earthly
knights, that is sir galahad, the which thou gat on king pelles’
daughter; and thou ought to thank god more than any other man living,
for of a sinner earthly thou hast no peer as in knighthood, nor never
shall be. but little thank hast thou given to god for all the great
virtues that god hath lent thee. sir, said launcelot, ye say that that
good knight is my son. that oughtest thou to know and no man better,
said the good man, for thou knewest the daughter of king pelles
fleshly, and on her thou begattest galahad, and that was he that at the
feast of pentecost sat in the siege perilous; and therefore make thou
it known openly that he is one of thy begetting on king pelles’
daughter, for that will be your worship and honour, and to all thy
kindred. and i counsel you in no place press not upon him to have ado
with him. well, said launcelot, meseemeth that good knight should pray
for me unto the high father, that i fall not to sin again. trust thou
well, said the good man, thou farest mickle the better for his prayer;
but the son shall not bear the wickedness of the father, nor the father
shall not bear the wickedness of the son, but everych shall bear his
own burden. and therefore beseek thou only god, and he will help thee
in all thy needs. and then sir launcelot and he went to supper, and so
laid him to rest, and the hair pricked so sir launcelot’s skin which
grieved him full sore, but he took it meekly, and suffered the pain.
and so on the morn he heard his mass and took his arms, and so took his
leave.




chapter v. how sir launcelot jousted with many knights, and how he was
taken.


and then mounted upon his horse, and rode into a forest, and held no
highway. and as he looked afore him he saw a fair plain, and beside
that a fair castle, and afore the castle were many pavilions of silk
and of diverse hue. and him seemed that he saw there five hundred
knights riding on horseback; and there were two parties: they that were
of the castle were all on black horses and their trappings black, and
they that were without were all on white horses and trappings, and
everych hurtled to other that it marvelled sir launcelot. and at the
last him thought they of the castle were put to the worse.

then thought sir launcelot for to help there the weaker party in
increasing of his chivalry. and so sir launcelot thrust in among the
party of the castle, and smote down a knight, horse and man, to the
earth. and then he rashed here and there, and did marvellous deeds of
arms. and then he drew out his sword, and struck many knights to the
earth, so that all those that saw him marvelled that ever one knight
might do so great deeds of arms.

but always the white knights held them nigh about sir launcelot, for to
tire him and wind him. but at the last, as a man may not ever endure,
sir launcelot waxed so faint of fighting and travailing, and was so
weary of his great deeds, but he might not lift up his arms for to give
one stroke, so that he weened never to have borne arms; and then they
all took and led him away into a forest, and there made him to alight
and to rest him.

and then all the fellowship of the castle were overcome for the default
of him.

then they said all unto sir launcelot: blessed be god that ye be now of
our fellowship, for we shall hold you in our prison; and so they left
him with few words.

and then sir launcelot made great sorrow, for never or now was i never
at tournament nor jousts but i had the best, and now i am shamed; and
then he said: now i am sure that i am more sinfuller than ever i was.

thus he rode sorrowing, and half a day he was out of despair, till that
he came into a deep valley. and when sir launcelot saw he might not
ride up into the mountain, he there alighted under an apple tree, and
there he left his helm and his shield, and put his horse unto pasture.
and then he laid him down to sleep. and then him thought there came an
old man afore him, the which said: ah, launcelot of evil faith and poor
belief, wherefore is thy will turned so lightly toward thy deadly sin?
and when he had said thus he vanished away, and launcelot wist not
where he was become. then he took his horse, and armed him; and as he
rode by the way he saw a chapel where was a recluse, which had a window
that she might see up to the altar. and all aloud she called launcelot,
for that he seemed a knight errant. and then he came, and she asked him
what he was, and of what place, and where about he went to seek.




chapter vi. how sir launcelot told his advision to a woman, and how she
expounded it to him.


and then he told her altogether word by word, and the truth how it
befell him at the tournament. and after told her his advision that he
had had that night in his sleep, and prayed her to tell him what it
might mean, for he was not well content with it. ah, launcelot, said
she, as long as ye were knight of earthly knighthood ye were the most
marvellous man of the world, and most adventurous. now, said the lady,
sithen ye be set among the knights of heavenly adventures, if adventure
fell thee contrary at that tournament have thou no marvel, for that
tournament yesterday was but a tokening of our lord. and not for then
there was none enchantment, for they at the tournament were earthly
knights. the tournament was a token to see who should have most
knights, either eliazar, the son of king pelles, or argustus, the son
of king harlon. but eliazar was all clothed in white, and argustus was
covered in black, the which were [over]come.

all what this betokeneth i shall tell you. the day of pentecost, when
king arthur held his court, it befell that earthly kings and knights
took a tournament together, that is to say the quest of the sangreal.
the earthly knights were they the which were clothed all in black, and
the covering betokeneth the sins whereof they be not confessed. and
they with the covering of white betokeneth virginity, and they that
chose chastity. and thus was the quest begun in them. then thou beheld
the sinners and the good men, and when thou sawest the sinners
overcome, thou inclinest to that party for bobaunce and pride of the
world, and all that must be left in that quest, for in this quest thou
shalt have many fellows and thy betters. for thou art so feeble of evil
trust and good belief, this made it when thou were there where they
took thee and led thee into the forest. and anon there appeared the
sangreal unto the white knights, but thou was so feeble of good belief
and faith that thou mightest not abide it for all the teaching of the
good man, but anon thou turnest to the sinners, and that caused thy
misadventure that thou should’st know good from evil and vain glory of
the world, the which is not worth a pear. and for great pride thou
madest great sorrow that thou hadst not overcome all the white knights
with the covering of white, by whom was betokened virginity and
chastity; and therefore god was wroth with you, for god loveth no such
deeds in this quest. and this advision signifieth that thou were of
evil faith and of poor belief, the which will make thee to fall into
the deep pit of hell if thou keep thee not. now have i warned thee of
thy vain glory and of thy pride, that thou hast many times erred
against thy maker. beware of everlasting pain, for of all earthly
knights i have most pity of thee, for i know well thou hast not thy
peer of any earthly sinful man.

and so she commended sir launcelot to dinner. and after dinner he took
his horse and commended her to god, and so rode into a deep valley, and
there he saw a river and an high mountain. and through the water he
must needs pass, the which was hideous; and then in the name of god he
took it with good heart. and when he came over he saw an armed knight,
horse and man black as any bear; without any word he smote sir
launcelot’s horse to the earth; and so he passed on, he wist not where
he was become. and then he took his helm and his shield, and thanked
god of his adventure.

_here leaveth off the story of sir launcelot, and speak we of sir
gawaine, the which is the sixteenth book._




book xvi.




chapter i. how sir gawaine was nigh weary of the quest of the sangreal,
and of his marvellous dream.


when sir gawaine was departed from his fellowship he rode long without
any adventure. for he found not the tenth part of adventure as he was
wont to do. for sir gawaine rode from whitsuntide until michaelmas and
found none adventure that pleased him. so on a day it befell gawaine
met with sir ector de maris, and either made great joy of other that it
were marvel to tell. and so they told everych other, and complained
them greatly that they could find none adventure. truly, said sir
gawaine unto sir ector, i am nigh weary of this quest, and loath i am
to follow further in strange countries. one thing marvelled me, said
sir ector, i have met with twenty knights, fellows of mine, and all
they complain as i do. i have marvel, said sir gawaine, where that sir
launcelot, your brother, is. truly, said sir ector, i cannot hear of
him, nor of sir galahad, percivale, nor sir bors. let them be, said sir
gawaine, for they four have no peers. and if one thing were not in sir
launcelot he had no fellow of none earthly man; but he is as we be, but
if he took more pain upon him. but an these four be met together they
will be loath that any man meet with them; for an they fail of the
sangreal it is in waste of all the remnant to recover it.

thus ector and gawaine rode more than eight days, and on a saturday
they found an old chapel, the which was wasted that there seemed no man
thither repaired; and there they alighted, and set their spears at the
door, and in they entered into the chapel, and there made their orisons
a great while, and set them down in the sieges of the chapel. and as
they spake of one thing and other, for heaviness they fell asleep, and
there befell them both marvellous adventures. sir gawaine him seemed he
came into a meadow full of herbs and flowers, and there he saw a rack
of bulls, an hundred and fifty, that were proud and black, save three
of them were all white, and one had a black spot, and the other two
were so fair and so white that they might be no whiter. and these three
bulls which were so fair were tied with two strong cords. and the
remnant of the bulls said among them: go we hence to seek better
pasture. and so some went, and some came again, but they were so lean
that they might not stand upright; and of the bulls that were so white,
that one came again and no mo. but when this white bull was come again
among these other there rose up a great cry for lack of wind that
failed them; and so they departed one here and another there: this
advision befell gawaine that night.




chapter ii. of the advision of sir ector, and how he jousted with sir
uwaine les avoutres, his sworn brother.


but to ector de maris befell another vision the contrary. for it seemed
him that his brother, sir launcelot, and he alighted out of a chair and
leapt upon two horses, and the one said to the other: go we seek that
we shall not find. and him thought that a man beat sir launcelot, and
despoiled him, and clothed him in another array, the which was all full
of knots, and set him upon an ass, and so he rode till he came to the
fairest well that ever he saw; and sir launcelot alighted and would
have drunk of that well. and when he stooped to drink of the water the
water sank from him. and when sir launcelot saw that, he turned and
went thither as the head came from. and in the meanwhile he trowed that
himself and sir ector rode till that they came to a rich man’s house
where there was a wedding. and there he saw a king the which said: sir
knight, here is no place for you. and then he turned again unto the
chair that he came from.

thus within a while both gawaine and ector awaked, and either told
other of their advision, the which marvelled them greatly. truly, said
ector, i shall never be merry till i hear tidings of my brother
launcelot. now as they sat thus talking they saw an hand showing unto
the elbow, and was covered with red samite, and upon that hung a bridle
not right rich, and held within the fist a great candle which burned
right clear, and so passed afore them, and entered into the chapel, and
then vanished away and they wist not where. and anon came down a voice
which said: knights of full evil faith and of poor belief, these two
things have failed you, and therefore ye may not come to the adventures
of the sangreal.

then first spake gawaine and said: ector, have ye heard these words?
yea truly, said sir ector, i heard all. now go we, said sir ector, unto
some hermit that will tell us of our advision, for it seemeth me we
labour all in vain. and so they departed and rode into a valley, and
there met with a squire which rode on an hackney, and they saluted him
fair. sir, said gawaine, can thou teach us to any hermit? here is one
in a little mountain, but it is so rough there may no horse go thither,
and therefore ye must go upon foot; there shall ye find a poor house,
and there is nacien the hermit, which is the holiest man in this
country. and so they departed either from other.

and then in a valley they met with a knight all armed, which proffered
them to joust as far as he saw them. in the name of god, said sir
gawaine, sith i departed from camelot there was none proffered me to
joust but once. and now, sir, said ector, let me joust with him. nay,
said gawaine, ye shall not but if i be beat; it shall not for-think me
then if ye go after me. and then either embraced other to joust and
came together as fast as their horses might run, and brast their
shields and the mails, and the one more than the other; and gawaine was
wounded in the left side, but the other knight was smitten through the
breast, and the spear came out on the other side, and so they fell both
out of their saddles, and in the falling they brake both their spears.

anon gawaine arose and set his hand to his sword, and cast his shield
afore him. but all for naught was it, for the knight had no power to
arise against him. then said gawaine: ye must yield you as an overcome
man, or else i may slay you. ah, sir knight, said he, i am but dead,
for god’s sake and of your gentleness lead me here unto an abbey that i
may receive my creator. sir, said gawaine, i know no house of religion
hereby. sir, said the knight, set me on an horse to-fore you, and i
shall teach you. gawaine set him up in the saddle, and he leapt up
behind him for to sustain him, and so came to an abbey where they were
well received; and anon he was unarmed, and received his creator. then
he prayed gawaine to draw out the truncheon of the spear out of his
body. then gawaine asked him what he was, that knew him not. i am, said
he, of king arthur’s court, and was a fellow of the round table, and we
were brethren sworn together; and now sir gawaine, thou hast slain me,
and my name is uwaine les avoutres, that sometime was son unto king
uriens, and was in the quest of the sangreal; and now forgive it thee
god, for it shall ever be said that the one sworn brother hath slain
the other.




chapter iii. how sir gawaine and sir ector came to an hermitage to be
confessed, and how they told to the hermit their advisions.


alas, said gawaine, that ever this misadventure is befallen me. no
force, said uwaine, sith i shall die this death, of a much more
worshipfuller man’s hand might i not die; but when ye come to the court
recommend me unto my lord, king arthur, and all those that be left
alive, and for old brotherhood think on me. then began gawaine to weep,
and ector also. and then uwaine himself and sir gawaine drew out the
truncheon of the spear, and anon departed the soul from the body. then
sir gawaine and sir ector buried him as men ought to bury a king’s son,
and made write upon his name, and by whom he was slain.

then departed gawaine and ector, as heavy as they might for their
misadventure, and so rode till that they came to the rough mountain,
and there they tied their horses and went on foot to the hermitage. and
when they were come up they saw a poor house, and beside the chapel a
little courtelage, where nacien the hermit gathered worts, as he which
had tasted none other meat of a great while. and when he saw the errant
knights he came toward them and saluted them, and they him again. fair
lords, said he, what adventure brought you hither? sir, said gawaine,
to speak with you for to be confessed. sir, said the hermit, i am
ready. then they told him so much that he wist well what they were. and
then he thought to counsel them if he might.

then began gawaine first and told him of his advision that he had had
in the chapel, and ector told him all as it is afore rehearsed. sir,
said the hermit unto sir gawaine, the fair meadow and the rack therein
ought to be understood the round table, and by the meadow ought to be
understood humility and patience, those be the things which be always
green and quick; for men may no time overcome humility and patience,
therefore was the round table founded, and the chivalry hath been at
all times so by the fraternity which was there that she might not be
overcome; for men said she was founded in patience and in humility. at
the rack ate an hundred and fifty bulls; but they ate not in the
meadow, for their hearts should be set in humility and patience, and
the bulls were proud and black save only three. by the bulls is to
understand the fellowship of the round table, which for their sin and
their wickedness be black. blackness is to say without good or virtuous
works. and the three bulls which were white save only one that was
spotted: the two white betoken sir galahad and sir percivale, for they
be maidens clean and without spot; and the third that had a spot
signifieth sir bors de ganis, which trespassed but once in his
virginity, but sithen he kept himself so well in chastity that all is
forgiven him and his misdeeds. and why those three were tied by the
necks, they be three knights in virginity and chastity, and there is no
pride smitten in them. and the black bulls which said: go we hence,
they were those which at pentecost at the high feast took upon them to
go in the quest of the sangreal without confession: they might not
enter in the meadow of humility and patience. and therefore they
returned into waste countries, that signifieth death, for there shall
die many of them: everych of them shall slay other for sin, and they
that shall escape shall be so lean that it shall be marvel to see them.
and of the three bulls without spot, the one shall come again, and the
other two never.




chapter iv. how the hermit expounded their advision.


then spake nacien unto ector: sooth it is that launcelot and ye came
down off one chair: the chair betokeneth mastership and lordship which
ye came down from. but ye two knights, said the hermit, ye go to seek
that ye shall never find, that is the sangreal; for it is the secret
thing of our lord jesu christ. what is to mean that sir launcelot fell
down off his horse: he hath left pride and taken him to humility, for
he hath cried mercy loud for his sin, and sore repented him, and our
lord hath clothed him in his clothing which is full of knots, that is
the hair that he weareth daily. and the ass that he rode upon is a
beast of humility, for god would not ride upon no steed, nor upon no
palfrey; so in ensample that an ass betokeneth meekness, that thou
sawest sir launcelot ride on in thy sleep. and the well whereas the
water sank from him when he should have taken thereof, and when he saw
he might not have it, he returned thither from whence he came, for the
well betokeneth the high grace of god, the more men desire it to take
it, the more shall be their desire. so when he came nigh the sangreal,
he meeked him that he held him not a man worthy to be so nigh the holy
vessel, for he had been so defouled in deadly sin by the space of many
years; yet when he kneeled to drink of the well, there he saw great
providence of the sangreal. and for he had served so long the devil, he
shall have vengeance four-and-twenty days long, for that he hath been
the devil’s servant four-and-twenty years. and then soon after he shall
return unto camelot out of this country, and he shall say a part of
such things as he hath found.

now will i tell you what betokeneth the hand with the candle and the
bridle: that is to understand the holy ghost where charity is ever, and
the bridle signifieth abstinence. for when she is bridled in christian
man’s heart she holdeth him so short that he falleth not in deadly sin.
and the candle which sheweth clearness and sight signifieth the right
way of jesu christ. and when he went and said: knights of poor faith
and of wicked belief, these three things failed, charity, abstinence,
and truth; therefore ye may not attain that high adventure of the
sangreal.




chapter v. of the good counsel that the hermit gave to them.


certes, said gawaine, soothly have ye said, that i see it openly. now,
i pray you, good man and holy father, tell me why we met not with so
many adventures as we were wont to do, and commonly have the better. i
shall tell you gladly, said the good man; the adventure of the sangreal
which ye and many other have undertaken the quest of it and find it
not, the cause is for it appeareth not to sinners. wherefore marvel not
though ye fail thereof, and many other. for ye be an untrue knight and
a great murderer, and to good men signifieth other things than murder.
for i dare say, as sinful as sir launcelot hath been, sith that he went
into the quest of the sangreal he slew never man, nor nought shall,
till that he come unto camelot again, for he hath taken upon him for to
forsake sin. and nere that he nis not stable, but by his thought he is
likely to turn again, he should be next to enchieve it save galahad,
his son. but god knoweth his thought and his unstableness, and yet
shall he die right an holy man, and no doubt he hath no fellow of no
earthly sinful man. sir, said gawaine, it seemeth me by your words that
for our sins it will not avail us to travel in this quest. truly, said
the good man, there be an hundred such as ye be that never shall
prevail, but to have shame. and when they had heard these voices they
commended him unto god.

then the good man called gawaine, and said: it is long time passed sith
that ye were made knight, and never sithen thou servedst thy maker, and
now thou art so old a tree that in thee is neither life nor fruit;
wherefore bethink thee that thou yield to our lord the bare rind, sith
the fiend hath the leaves and the fruit. sir, said gawaine an i had
leisure i would speak with you, but my fellow here, sir ector, is gone,
and abideth me yonder beneath the hill. well, said the good man, thou
were better to be counselled. then departed gawaine and came to ector,
and so took their horses and rode till they came to a forester’s house,
which harboured them right well. and on the morn they departed from
their host, and rode long or they could find any adventure.




chapter vi. how sir bors met with an hermit, and how he was confessed
to him, and of his penance enjoined to him.


when bors was departed from camelot he met with a religious man riding
on an ass, and sir bors saluted him. anon the good man knew him that he
was one of the knights-errant that was in the quest of the sangreal.
what are ye? said the good man. sir, said he, i am a knight that fain
would be counselled in the quest of the sangreal, for he shall have
much earthly worship that may bring it to an end. certes, said the good
man, that is sooth, for he shall be the best knight of the world, and
the fairest of all the fellowship. but wit you well there shall none
attain it but by cleanness, that is pure confession.

so rode they together till that they came to an hermitage. and there he
prayed bors to dwell all that night with him. and so he alighted and
put away his armour, and prayed him that he might be confessed; and so
they went into the chapel, and there he was clean confessed, and they
ate bread and drank water together. now, said the good man, i pray thee
that thou eat none other till that thou sit at the table where the
sangreal shall be. sir, said he, i agree me thereto, but how wit ye
that i shall sit there. yes, said the good man, that know i, but there
shall be but few of your fellows with you. all is welcome, said sir
bors, that god sendeth me. also, said the good man, instead of a shirt,
and in sign of chastisement, ye shall wear a garment; therefore i pray
you do off all your clothes and your shirt: and so he did. and then he
took him a scarlet coat, so that should be instead of his shirt till he
had fulfilled the quest of the sangreal; and the good man found in him
so marvellous a life and so stable, that he marvelled and felt that he
was never corrupt in fleshly lusts, but in one time that he begat elian
le blank.

then he armed him, and took his leave, and so departed. and so a little
from thence he looked up into a tree, and there he saw a passing great
bird upon an old tree, and it was passing dry, without leaves; and the
bird sat above, and had birds, the which were dead for hunger. so smote
he himself with his beak, the which was great and sharp. and so the
great bird bled till that he died among his birds. and the young birds
took the life by the blood of the great bird. when bors saw this he
wist well it was a great tokening; for when he saw the great bird arose
not, then he took his horse and yede his way. so by evensong, by
adventure he came to a strong tower and an high, and there was he
lodged gladly.




chapter vii. how sir bors was lodged with a lady, and how he took upon
him for to fight against a champion for her land.


and when he was unarmed they led him into an high tower where was a
lady, young, lusty, and fair. and she received him with great joy, and
made him to sit down by her, and so was he set to sup with flesh and
many dainties. and when sir bors saw that, he bethought him on his
penance, and bade a squire to bring him water. and so he brought him,
and he made sops therein and ate them. ah, said the lady, i trow ye
like not my meat. yes, truly, said sir bors, god thank you, madam, but
i may eat none other meat this day. then she spake no more as at that
time, for she was loath to displease him. then after supper they spake
of one thing and other.

with that came a squire and said: madam, ye must purvey you to-morn for
a champion, for else your sister will have this castle and also your
lands, except ye can find a knight that will fight to-morn in your
quarrel against pridam le noire. then she made sorrow and said: ah,
lord god, wherefore granted ye to hold my land, whereof i should now be
disherited without reason and right? and when sir bors had heard her
say thus, he said: i shall comfort you. sir, said she, i shall tell you
there was here a king that hight aniause, which held all this land in
his keeping. so it mishapped he loved a gentlewoman a great deal elder
than i. so took he her all this land to her keeping, and all his men to
govern; and she brought up many evil customs whereby she put to death a
great part of his kinsmen. and when he saw that, he let chase her out
of this land, and betook it me, and all this land in my demesnes. but
anon as that worthy king was dead, this other lady began to war upon
me, and hath destroyed many of my men, and turned them against me, that
i have well-nigh no man left me; and i have nought else but this high
tower that she left me. and yet she hath promised me to have this
tower, without i can find a knight to fight with her champion.

now tell me, said sir bors, what is that pridam le noire? sir, said
she, he is the most doubted man of this land. now may ye send her word
that ye have found a knight that shall fight with that pridam le noire
in god’s quarrel and yours. then that lady was not a little glad, and
sent word that she was purveyed, and that night bors had good cheer;
but in no bed he would come, but laid him on the floor, nor never would
do otherwise till that he had met with the quest of the sangreal.




chapter viii. of an advision which sir bors had that night, and how he
fought and overcame his adversary.


and anon as he was asleep him befell a vision, that there came to him
two birds, the one as white as a swan, and the other was marvellous
black; but it was not so great as the other, but in the likeness of a
raven. then the white bird came to him, and said: an thou wouldst give
me meat and serve me i should give thee all the riches of the world,
and i shall make thee as fair and as white as i am. so the white bird
departed, and there came the black bird to him, and said: an thou wolt,
serve me to-morrow and have me in no despite though i be black, for wit
thou well that more availeth my blackness than the other’s whiteness.
and then he departed.

and he had another vision: him thought that he came to a great place
which seemed a chapel, and there he found a chair set on the left side,
which was worm-eaten and feeble. and on the right hand were two flowers
like a lily, and the one would have benome the other’s whiteness, but a
good man departed them that the one touched not the other; and then out
of every flower came out many flowers, and fruit great plenty. then him
thought the good man said: should not he do great folly that would let
these two flowers perish for to succour the rotten tree, that it fell
not to the earth? sir, said he, it seemeth me that this wood might not
avail. now keep thee, said the good man, that thou never see such
adventure befall thee.

then he awaked and made a sign of the cross in midst of the forehead,
and so rose and clothed him. and there came the lady of the place, and
she saluted him, and he her again, and so went to a chapel and heard
their service. and there came a company of knights, that the lady had
sent for, to lead sir bors unto battle. then asked he his arms. and
when he was armed she prayed him to take a little morsel to dine. nay,
madam, said he, that shall i not do till i have done my battle, by the
grace of god. and so he leapt upon his horse, and departed, all the
knights and men with him. and as soon as these two ladies met together,
she which bors should fight for complained her, and said: madam, ye
have done me wrong to bereave me of my lands that king aniause gave me,
and full loath i am there should be any battle. ye shall not choose,
said the other lady, or else your knight withdraw him.

then there was the cry made, which party had the better of the two
knights, that his lady should rejoice all the land. now departed the
one knight here, and the other there. then they came together with such
a raundon that they pierced their shields and their hauberks, and the
spears flew in pieces, and they wounded either other sore. then hurtled
they together, so that they fell both to the earth, and their horses
betwixt their legs; and anon they arose, and set hands to their swords,
and smote each one other upon the heads, that they made great wounds
and deep, that the blood went out of their bodies. for there found sir
bors greater defence in that knight more than he weened. for that
pridam was a passing good knight, and he wounded sir bors full evil,
and he him again; but ever this pridam held the stour in like hard.
that perceived sir bors, and suffered him till he was nigh attaint. and
then he ran upon him more and more, and the other went back for dread
of death. so in his withdrawing he fell upright, and sir bors drew his
helm so strongly that he rent it from his head, and gave him great
strokes with the flat of his sword upon the visage, and bade him yield
him or he should slay him. then he cried him mercy and said: fair
knight, for god’s love slay me not, and i shall ensure thee never to
war against thy lady, but be alway toward her. then bors let him be;
then the old lady fled with all her knights.




chapter ix. how the lady was returned to her lands by the battle of sir
bors, and of his departing, and how he met sir lionel taken and beaten
with thorns, and also of a maid which should have been devoured.


so then came bors to all those that held lands of his lady, and said he
should destroy them but if they did such service unto her as longed to
their lands. so they did their homage, and they that would not were
chased out of their lands. then befell that young lady to come to her
estate again, by the mighty prowess of sir bors de ganis. so when all
the country was well set in peace, then sir bors took his leave and
departed; and she thanked him greatly, and would have given him great
riches, but he refused it.

then he rode all that day till night, and came to an harbour to a lady
which knew him well enough, and made of him great joy. upon the morn,
as soon as the day appeared, bors departed from thence, and so rode
into a forest unto the hour of midday, and there befell him a
marvellous adventure. so he met at the departing of the two ways two
knights that led lionel, his brother, all naked, bounden upon a strong
hackney, and his hands bounden to-fore his breast. and everych of them
held in his hands thorns wherewith they went beating him so sore that
the blood trailed down more than in an hundred places of his body, so
that he was all blood to-fore and behind, but he said never a word; as
he which was great of heart he suffered all that ever they did to him,
as though he had felt none anguish.

anon sir bors dressed him to rescue him that was his brother; and so he
looked upon the other side of him, and saw a knight which brought a
fair gentlewoman, and would have set her in the thickest place of the
forest for to have been the more surer out of the way from them that
sought him. and she which was nothing assured cried with an high voice:
saint mary succour your maid. and anon she espied where sir bors came
riding. and when she came nigh him she deemed him a knight of the round
table, whereof she hoped to have some comfort; and then she conjured
him: by the faith that he ought unto him in whose service thou art
entered in, and for the faith ye owe unto the high order of knighthood,
and for the noble king arthur’s sake, that i suppose made thee knight,
that thou help me, and suffer me not to be shamed of this knight. when
bors heard her say thus he had so much sorrow there he nist not what to
do. for if i let my brother be in adventure he must be slain, and that
would i not for all the earth. and if i help not the maid she is shamed
for ever, and also she shall lose her virginity the which she shall
never get again. then lift he up his eyes and said weeping: fair sweet
lord jesu christ, whose liege man i am, keep lionel, my brother, that
these knights slay him not, and for pity of you, and for mary’s sake, i
shall succour this maid.




chapter x. how sir bors left to rescue his brother, and rescued the
damosel; and how it was told him that lionel was dead.


then dressed he him unto the knight the which had the gentlewoman, and
then he cried: sir knight, let your hand off that maiden, or ye be but
dead. and then he set down the maiden, and was armed at all pieces save
he lacked his spear. then he dressed his shield, and drew out his
sword, and bors smote him so hard that it went through his shield and
habergeon on the left shoulder. and through great strength he beat him
down to the earth, and at the pulling out of bors’ spear there he
swooned. then came bors to the maid and said: how seemeth it you? of
this knight ye be delivered at this time. now sir, said she, i pray you
lead me thereas this knight had me. so shall i do gladly: and took the
horse of the wounded knight, and set the gentlewoman upon him, and so
brought her as she desired. sir knight, said she, ye have better sped
than ye weened, for an i had lost my maidenhead, five hundred men
should have died for it. what knight was he that had you in the forest?
by my faith, said she, he is my cousin. so wot i never with what engine
the fiend enchafed him, for yesterday he took me from my father
privily; for i, nor none of my father’s men, mistrusted him not, and if
he had had my maidenhead he should have died for the sin, and his body
shamed and dishonoured for ever. thus as she stood talking with him
there came twelve knights seeking after her, and anon she told them all
how bors had delivered her; then they made great joy, and besought him
to come to her father, a great lord, and he should be right welcome.
truly, said bors, that may not be at this time, for i have a great
adventure to do in this country. so he commended them unto god and
departed.

then sir bors rode after lionel, his brother, by the trace of their
horses, thus he rode seeking a great while. then he overtook a man
clothed in a religious clothing; and rode on a strong black horse
blacker than a berry, and said: sir knight, what seek you? sir, said
he, i seek my brother that i saw within a while beaten with two
knights. ah, bors, discomfort you not, nor fall into no wanhope; for i
shall tell you tidings such as they be, for truly he is dead. then
showed he him a new slain body lying in a bush, and it seemed him well
that it was the body of lionel, and then he made such a sorrow that he
fell to the earth all in a swoon, and lay a great while there. and when
he came to himself he said: fair brother, sith the company of you and
me is departed shall i never have joy in my heart, and now he which i
have taken unto my master, he be my help. and when he had said thus he
took his body lightly in his arms, and put it upon the arson of his
saddle. and then he said to the man: canst thou tell me unto some
chapel where that i may bury this body? come on, said he, here is one
fast by; and so long they rode till they saw a fair tower, and afore it
there seemed an old feeble chapel. and then they alighted both, and put
him into a tomb of marble.




chapter xi. how sir bors told his dream to a priest, which he had
dreamed, and of the counsel that the priest gave to him.


now leave we him here, said the good man, and go we to our harbour till
to-morrow; we will come here again to do him service. sir, said bors,
be ye a priest? yea forsooth, said he. then i pray you tell me a dream
that befell to me the last night. say on, said he. then he began so
much to tell him of the great bird in the forest, and after told him of
his birds, one white, another black, and of the rotten tree, and of the
white flowers. sir, i shall tell you a part now, and the other deal
to-morrow. the white fowl betokeneth a gentlewoman, fair and rich,
which loved thee paramours, and hath loved thee long; and if thou warn
her love she shall go die anon, if thou have no pity on her. that
signifieth the great bird, the which shall make thee to warn her. now
for no fear that thou hast, ne for no dread that thou hast of god, thou
shalt not warn her, but thou wouldst not do it for to be holden chaste,
for to conquer the loos of the vain glory of the world; for that shall
befall thee now an thou warn her, that launcelot, the good knight, thy
cousin, shall die. and therefore men shall now say that thou art a
manslayer, both of thy brother, sir lionel, and of thy cousin, sir
launcelot du lake, the which thou mightest have saved and rescued
easily, but thou weenedst to rescue a maid which pertaineth nothing to
thee. now look thou whether it had been greater harm of thy brother’s
death, or else to have suffered her to have lost her maidenhood. then
asked he him: hast thou heard the tokens of thy dream the which i have
told to you? yea forsooth, said sir bors, all your exposition and
declaring of my dream i have well understood and heard. then said the
man in this black clothing: then is it in thy default if sir launcelot,
thy cousin, die. sir, said bors, that were me loath, for wit ye well
there is nothing in the world but i had liefer do it than to see my
lord, sir launcelot du lake, to die in my default. choose ye now the
one or the other, said the good man.

and then he led sir bors into an high tower, and there he found knights
and ladies: those ladies said he was welcome, and so they unarmed him.
and when he was in his doublet men brought him a mantle furred with
ermine, and put it about him; and then they made him such cheer that he
had forgotten all his sorrow and anguish, and only set his heart in
these delights and dainties, and took no thought more for his brother,
sir lionel, neither of sir launcelot du lake, his cousin. and anon came
out of a chamber to him the fairest lady than ever he saw, and more
richer beseen than ever he saw queen guenever or any other estate. lo,
said they, sir bors, here is the lady unto whom we owe all our service,
and i trow she be the richest lady and the fairest of all the world,
and the which loveth you best above all other knights, for she will
have no knight but you. and when he understood that language he was
abashed. not for then she saluted him, and he her; and then they sat
down together and spake of many things, in so much that she besought
him to be her love, for she had loved him above all earthly men, and
she should make him richer than ever was man of his age. when bors
understood her words he was right evil at ease, which in no manner
would not break chastity, so wist not he how to answer her.




chapter xii. how the devil in a woman’s likeness would have had sir
bors to have lain by her, and how by god’s grace he escaped.


alas, said she, bors, shall ye not do my will? madam, said bors, there
is no lady in the world whose will i will fulfil as of this thing, for
my brother lieth dead which was slain right late. ah bors, said she, i
have loved you long for the great beauty i have seen in you, and the
great hardiness that i have heard of you, that needs ye must lie by me
this night, and therefore i pray you grant it me. truly, said he, i
shall not do it in no manner wise. then she made him such sorrow as
though she would have died. well bors, said she, unto this have ye
brought me, nigh to mine end. and therewith she took him by the hand,
and bade him behold her. and ye shall see how i shall die for your
love. ah, said then he, that shall i never see.

then she departed and went up into an high battlement, and led with her
twelve gentlewomen; and when they were above, one of the gentlewomen
cried, and said: ah, sir bors, gentle knight have mercy on us all, and
suffer my lady to have her will, and if ye do not we must suffer death
with our lady, for to fall down off this high tower, and if ye suffer
us thus to die for so little a thing all ladies and gentlewomen will
say or you dishonour. then looked he upward, they seemed all ladies of
great estate, and richly and well beseen. then had he of them great
pity; not for that he was uncounselled in himself that liefer he had
they all had lost their souls than he his, and with that they fell
adown all at once unto the earth. and when he saw that, he was all
abashed, and had thereof great marvel. with that he blessed his body
and his visage. and anon he heard a great noise and a great cry, as
though all the fiends of hell had been about him; and therewith he saw
neither tower, nor lady, nor gentlewoman, nor no chapel where he
brought his brother to. then held he up both his hands to the heaven,
and said: fair father god, i am grievously escaped; and then he took
his arms and his horse and rode on his way.

then he heard a clock smite on his right hand; and thither he came to
an abbey on his right hand, closed with high walls, and there was let
in. then they supposed that he was one of the quest of the sangreal, so
they led him into a chamber and unarmed him. sirs, said sir bors, if
there be any holy man in this house i pray you let me speak with him.
then one of them led him unto the abbot, which was in a chapel. and
then sir bors saluted him, and he him again. sir, said bors, i am a
knight-errant; and told him all the adventure which he had seen. sir
knight, said the abbot, i wot not what ye be, for i weened never that a
knight of your age might have been so strong in the grace of our lord
jesu christ. not for then ye shall go unto your rest, for i will not
counsel you this day, it is too late, and to-morrow i shall counsel you
as i can.




chapter xiii. of the holy communication of an abbot to sir bors, and
how the abbot counselled him.


and that night was sir bors served richly; and on the morn early he
heard mass, and the abbot came to him, and bade him good morrow, and
bors to him again. and then he told him he was a fellow of the quest of
the sangreal, and how he had charge of the holy man to eat bread and
water. then [said the abbot]: our lord jesu christ showed him unto you
in the likeness of a soul that suffered great anguish for us, since he
was put upon the cross, and bled his heart-blood for mankind: there was
the token and the likeness of the sangreal that appeared afore you, for
the blood that the great fowl bled revived the chickens from death to
life. and by the bare tree is betokened the world which is naked and
without fruit but if it come of our lord. also the lady for whom ye
fought for, and king aniause which was lord there-to-fore, betokeneth
jesu christ which is the king of the world. and that ye fought with the
champion for the lady, this it betokeneth: for when ye took the battle
for the lady, by her shall ye understand the new law of jesu christ and
holy church; and by the other lady ye shall understand the old law and
the fiend, which all day warreth against holy church, therefore ye did
your battle with right. for ye be jesu christ’s knights, therefore ye
ought to be defenders of holy church. and by the black bird might ye
understand holy church, which sayeth i am black, but he is fair. and by
the white bird might men understand the fiend, and i shall tell you how
the swan is white without-forth, and black within: it is hypocrisy
which is without yellow or pale, and seemeth without-forth the servants
of jesu christ, but they be within so horrible of filth and sin, and
beguile the world evil. also when the fiend appeared to thee in
likeness of a man of religion, and blamed thee that thou left thy
brother for a lady, so led thee where thou seemed thy brother was
slain, but he is yet alive; and all was for to put thee in error, and
bring thee unto wanhope and lechery, for he knew thou were tender
hearted, and all was for thou shouldst not find the blessed adventure
of the sangreal. and the third fowl betokeneth the strong battle
against the fair ladies which were all devils. also the dry tree and
the white lily: the dry tree betokeneth thy brother lionel, which is
dry without virtue, and therefore many men ought to call him the rotten
tree, and the worm-eaten tree, for he is a murderer and doth contrary
to the order of knighthood. and the two white flowers signify two
maidens, the one is a knight which was wounded the other day, and the
other is the gentlewoman which ye rescued; and why the other flower
drew nigh the other, that was the knight which would have defouled her
and himself both. and sir bors, ye had been a great fool and in great
peril for to have seen those two flowers perish for to succour the
rotten tree, for an they had sinned together they had been damned; and
for that ye rescued them both, men might call you a very knight and
servant of jesu christ.




chapter xiv. how sir bors met with his brother sir lionel, and how sir
lionel would have slain sir bors.


then went sir bors from thence and commended the abbot unto god. and
then he rode all that day, and harboured with an old lady. and on the
morn he rode to a castle in a valley, and there he met with a yeoman
going a great pace toward a forest. say me, said sir bors, canst thou
tell me of any adventure? sir, said he, here shall be under this castle
a great and a marvellous tournament. of what folks shall it be? said
sir bors. the earl of plains shall be in the one party, and the lady’s
nephew of hervin on the other party. then bors thought to be there if
he might meet with his brother sir lionel, or any other of his
fellowship, which were in the quest of the sangreal. and then he turned
to an hermitage that was in the entry of the forest.

and when he was come thither he found there sir lionel, his brother,
which sat all armed at the entry of the chapel door for to abide there
harbour till on the morn that the tournament shall be. and when sir
bors saw him he had great joy of him, that it were marvel to tell of
his joy. and then he alighted off his horse, and said: fair sweet
brother, when came ye hither? anon as lionel saw him he said: ah bors,
ye may not make none avaunt, but as for you i might have been slain;
when ye saw two knights leading me away beating me, ye left me for to
succour a gentlewoman, and suffered me in peril of death; for never
erst ne did no brother to another so great an untruth. and for that
misdeed now i ensure you but death, for well have ye deserved it;
therefore keep thee from henceforward, and that shall ye find as soon
as i am armed. when sir bors understood his brother’s wrath he kneeled
down to the earth and cried him mercy, holding up both his hands, and
prayed him to forgive him his evil will. nay, said lionel, that shall
never be an i may have the higher hand, that i make mine avow to god,
thou shalt have death for it, for it were pity ye lived any longer.

right so he went in and took his harness, and mounted upon his horse,
and came to-fore him and said: bors, keep thee from me, for i shall do
to thee as i would to a felon or a traitor, for ye be the untruest
knight that ever came out of so worthy an house as was king bors de
ganis which was our father, therefore start upon thy horse, and so
shall ye be most at your advantage. and but if ye will i will run upon
you thereas ye stand upon foot, and so the shame shall be mine and the
harm yours, but of that shame ne reck i nought.

when sir bors saw that he must fight with his brother or else to die,
he nist what to do; then his heart counselled him not thereto, inasmuch
as lionel was born or he, wherefore he ought to bear him reverence; yet
kneeled he down afore lionel’s horse’s feet, and said: fair sweet
brother, have mercy upon me and slay me not, and have in remembrance
the great love which ought to be between us twain. what sir bors said
to lionel he rought not, for the fiend had brought him in such a will
that he should slay him. then when lionel saw he would none other, and
that he would not have risen to give him battle, he rashed over him so
that he smote bors with his horse, feet upward, to the earth, and hurt
him so sore that he swooned of distress, the which he felt in himself
to have died without confession. so when lionel saw this, he alighted
off his horse to have smitten off his head. and so he took him by the
helm, and would have rent it from his head. then came the hermit
running unto him, which was a good man and of great age, and well had
heard all the words that were between them, and so fell down upon sir
bors.




chapter xv. how sir colgrevance fought against sir lionel for to save
sir bors, and how the hermit was slain.


then he said to lionel: ah gentle knight, have mercy upon me and on thy
brother, for if thou slay him thou shalt be dead of sin, and that were
sorrowful, for he is one of the worthiest knights of the world, and of
the best conditions. so god help me, said lionel, sir priest, but if ye
flee from him i shall slay you, and he shall never the sooner be quit.
certes, said the good man, i have liefer ye slay me than him, for my
death shall not be great harm, not half so much as of his. well, said
lionel, i am greed; and set his hand to his sword and smote him so hard
that his head yede backward. not for that he restrained him of his evil
will, but took his brother by the helm, and unlaced it to have stricken
off his head, and had slain him without fail. but so it happed,
colgrevance a fellow of the round table, came at that time thither as
our lord’s will was. and when he saw the good man slain he marvelled
much what it might be. and then he beheld lionel would have slain his
brother, and knew sir bors which he loved right well. then stert he
down and took lionel by the shoulders, and drew him strongly aback from
bors, and said: lionel, will ye slay your brother, the worthiest knight
of the world one? and that should no good man suffer. why, said lionel,
will ye let me? therefore if ye entermete you in this i shall slay you,
and him after. why, said colgrevance, is this sooth that ye will slay
him? slay him will i, said he, whoso say the contrary, for he hath done
so much against me that he hath well deserved it. and so ran upon him,
and would have smitten him through the head, and sir colgrevance ran
betwixt them, and said: an ye be so hardy to do so more, we two shall
meddle together.

when lionel understood his words he took his shield afore him, and
asked him what that he was. and he told him, colgrevance, one of his
fellows. then lionel defied him, and gave him a great stroke through
the helm. then he drew his sword, for he was a passing good knight, and
defended him right manfully. so long dured the battle that bors rose up
all anguishly, and beheld [how] colgrevance, the good knight, fought
with his brother for his quarrel; then was he full sorry and heavy, and
thought if colgrevance slew him that was his brother he should never
have joy; and if his brother slew colgrevance the shame should ever be
mine. then would he have risen to have departed them, but he had not so
much might to stand on foot; so he abode him so long till colgrevance
had the worse, for lionel was of great chivalry and right hardy, for he
had pierced the hauberk and the helm, that he abode but death, for he
had lost much of his blood that it was marvel that he might stand
upright. then beheld he sir bors which sat dressing him upward and
said: ah, bors, why come ye not to cast me out of peril of death,
wherein i have put me to succour you which were right now nigh the
death? certes, said lionel, that shall not avail you, for none of you
shall bear others warrant, but that ye shall die both of my hand. when
bors heard that, he did so much, he rose and put on his helm. then
perceived he first the hermit-priest which was slain, then made he a
marvellous sorrow upon him.




chapter xvi. how sir lionel slew sir colgrevance, and how after he
would have slain sir bors.


then oft colgrevance cried upon sir bors: why will ye let me die here
for your sake? if it please you that i die for you the death, it will
please me the better for to save a worthy man. with that word sir
lionel smote off the helm from his head. then colgrevance saw that he
might not escape; then he said: fair sweet jesu, that i have misdone
have mercy upon my soul, for such sorrow that my heart suffereth for
goodness, and for alms deed that i would have done here, be to me
aligement of penance unto my soul’s health. at these words lionel smote
him so sore that he bare him to the earth. so he had slain colgrevance
he ran upon his brother as a fiendly man, and gave him such a stroke
that he made him stoop. and he that was full of humility prayed him for
god’s love to leave this battle: for an it befell, fair brother, that i
slew you or ye me, we should be dead of that sin. never god me help but
if i have on you mercy, an i may have the better hand. then drew bors
his sword, all weeping, and said: fair brother, god knoweth mine
intent. ah, fair brother, ye have done full evil this day to slay such
an holy priest the which never trespassed. also ye have slain a gentle
knight, and one of our fellows. and well wot ye that i am not afeard of
you greatly, but i dread the wrath of god, and this is an unkindly war,
therefore god show miracle upon us both. now god have mercy upon me
though i defend my life against my brother: with that bors lift up his
hand and would have smitten his brother.




chapter xvii. how there came a voice which charged sir bors to touch
him not, and of a cloud that came between them.


and then he heard a voice that said: flee bors, and touch him not, or
else thou shalt slay him. right so alighted a cloud betwixt them in
likeness of a fire and a marvellous flame, that both their two shields
brent. then were they sore afraid, that they fell both to the earth,
and lay there a great while in a swoon. and when they came to themself,
bors saw that his brother had no harm; then he held up both his hands,
for he dread god had taken vengeance upon him. with that he heard a
voice say: bors, go hence, and bear thy brother no longer fellowship,
but take thy way anon right to the sea, for sir percivale abideth thee
there. then he said to his brother: fair sweet brother, forgive me for
god’s love all that i have trespassed unto you. then he answered: god
forgive it thee and i do gladly.

so sir bors departed from him and rode the next way to the sea. and at
the last by fortune he came to an abbey which was nigh the sea. that
night bors rested him there; and in his sleep there came a voice to him
and bade him go to the sea. then he stert up and made a sign of the
cross in the midst of his forehead, and took his harness, and made
ready his horse, and mounted upon him; and at a broken wall he rode
out, and rode so long till that he came to the sea. and on the strand
he found a ship covered all with white samite, and he alighted, and
betook him to jesu christ. and as soon as he entered into the ship, the
ship departed into the sea, and went so fast that him seemed the ship
went flying, but it was soon dark so that he might know no man, and so
he slept till it was day. then he awaked, and saw in midst of the ship
a knight lie all armed save his helm. then knew he that it was sir
percivale of wales, and then he made of him right great joy; but sir
percivale was abashed of him, and he asked him what he was. ah, fair
sir, said bors, know ye me not? certes, said he, i marvel how ye came
hither, but if our lord brought ye hither himself. then sir bors smiled
and did off his helm. then percivale knew him, and either made great
joy of other, that it was marvel to hear. then bors told him how he
came into the ship, and by whose admonishment; and either told other of
their temptations, as ye have heard to-forehand. so went they downward
in the sea, one while backward, another while forward, and everych
comforted other, and oft were in their prayers. then said sir
percivale: we lack nothing but galahad, the good knight.

_and thus endeth the sixteenth book, which is of sir gawaine, ector de
maris, and sir bors de ganis, and sir percivale. and here followeth the
seven-teenth book, which is of the noble knight sir galahad._




book xvii.




chapter i. how sir galahad fought at a tournament, and how he was known
of sir gawaine and sir ector de maris.


now saith this story, when galahad had rescued percivale from the
twenty knights, he yede tho into a waste forest wherein he rode many
journeys; and he found many adventures the which he brought to an end,
whereof the story maketh here no mention. then he took his way to the
sea on a day, and it befell as he passed by a castle where was a wonder
tournament, but they without had done so much that they within were put
to the worse, yet were they within good knights enough. when galahad
saw that those within were at so great a mischief that men slew them at
the entry of the castle, then he thought to help them, and put a spear
forth and smote the first that he fell to the earth, and the spear
brake to pieces. then he drew his sword and smote thereas they were
thickest, and so he did wonderful deeds of arms that all they
marvelled. then it happed that gawaine and sir ector de maris were with
the knights without. but when they espied the white shield with the red
cross the one said to the other: yonder is the good knight, sir
galahad, the haut prince: now he should be a great fool which should
meet with him to fight. so by adventure he came by sir gawaine, and he
smote him so hard that he clave his helm and the coif of iron unto his
head, so that gawaine fell to the earth; but the stroke was so great
that it slanted down to the earth and carved the horse’s shoulder in
two.

when ector saw gawaine down he drew him aside, and thought it no wisdom
for to abide him, and also for natural love, that he was his uncle.
thus through his great hardiness he beat aback all the knights without.
and then they within came out and chased them all about. but when
galahad saw there would none turn again he stole away privily, so that
none wist where he was become. now by my head, said gawaine to ector,
now are the wonders true that were said of launcelot du lake, that the
sword which stuck in the stone should give me such a buffet that i
would not have it for the best castle in this world; and soothly now it
is proved true, for never ere had i such a stroke of man’s hand. sir,
said ector, meseemeth your quest is done. and yours is not done, said
gawaine, but mine is done, i shall seek no further. then gawaine was
borne into a castle and unarmed him, and laid him in a rich bed, and a
leech found that he might live, and to be whole within a month. thus
gawaine and ector abode together, for sir ector would not away till
gawaine were whole.

and the good knight, galahad, rode so long till he came that night to
the castle of carboneck; and it befell him thus that he was benighted
in an hermitage. so the good man was fain when he saw he was a
knight-errant. tho when they were at rest there came a gentlewoman
knocking at the door, and called galahad, and so the good man came to
the door to wit what she would. then she called the hermit: sir ulfin,
i am a gentlewoman that would speak with the knight which is with you.
then the good man awaked galahad, and bade him: arise, and speak with a
gentlewoman that seemeth hath great need of you. then galahad went to
her and asked her what she would. galahad, said she, i will that ye arm
you, and mount upon your horse and follow me, for i shall show you
within these three days the highest adventure that ever any knight saw.
anon galahad armed him, and took his horse, and commended him to god,
and bade the gentlewoman go, and he would follow thereas she liked.




chapter ii. how sir galahad rode with a damosel, and came to the ship
whereas sir bors and sir percivale were in.


so she rode as fast as her palfrey might bear her, till that she came
to the sea, the which was called collibe. and at the night they came
unto a castle in a valley, closed with a running water, and with strong
walls and high; and so she entered into the castle with galahad, and
there had he great cheer, for the lady of that castle was the damosel’s
lady. so when he was unarmed, then said the damosel: madam, shall we
abide here all this day? nay, said she, but till he hath dined and till
he hath slept a little. so he ate and slept a while till that the maid
called him, and armed him by torchlight. and when the maid was horsed
and he both, the lady took galahad a fair child and rich; and so they
departed from the castle till they came to the seaside; and there they
found the ship where bors and percivale were in, the which cried on the
ship’s board: sir galahad, ye be welcome, we have abiden you long. and
when he heard them he asked them what they were. sir, said she, leave
your horse here, and i shall leave mine; and took their saddles and
their bridles with them, and made a cross on them, and so entered into
the ship. and the two knights received them both with great joy, and
everych knew other; and so the wind arose, and drove them through the
sea in a marvellous pace. and within a while it dawned.

then did galahad off his helm and his sword, and asked of his fellows
from whence came that fair ship. truly, said they, ye wot as well as
we, but of god’s grace; and then they told everych to other of all
their hard adventures, and of their great temptations. truly, said
galahad, ye are much bounden to god, for ye have escaped great
adventures; and had not the gentlewoman been i had not come here, for
as for you i weened never to have found you in these strange countries.
ah galahad, said bors, if launcelot, your father, were here then were
we well at ease, for then meseemed we failed nothing. that may not be,
said galahad, but if it pleased our lord.

by then the ship went from the land of logris, and by adventure it
arrived up betwixt two rocks passing great and marvellous; but there
they might not land, for there was a swallow of the sea, save there was
another ship, and upon it they might go without danger. go we thither,
said the gentlewoman, and there shall we see adventures, for so is our
lord’s will. and when they came thither they found the ship rich
enough, but they found neither man nor woman therein. but they found in
the end of the ship two fair letters written, which said a dreadful
word and a marvellous: thou man, which shall enter into this ship,
beware thou be in steadfast belief, for i am faith, and therefore
beware how thou enterest, for an thou fail i shall not help thee. then
said the gentlewoman: percivale, wot ye what i am? certes, said he,
nay, to my witting. wit ye well, said she, that i am thy sister, which
am daughter of king pellinore, and therefore wit ye well ye are the man
in the world that i most love; and if ye be not in perfect belief of
jesu christ enter not in no manner of wise, for then should ye perish
the ship, for he is so perfect he will suffer no sinner in him. when
percivale understood that she was his very sister he was inwardly glad,
and said: fair sister, i shall enter therein, for if i be a miscreature
or an untrue knight there shall i perish.




chapter iii. how sir galahad entered into the ship, and of a fair bed
therein, with other marvellous things, and of a sword.


in the meanwhile galahad blessed him, and entered therein; and then
next the gentlewoman, and then sir bors and sir percivale. and when
they were in, it was so marvellous fair and rich that they marvelled;
and in midst of the ship was a fair bed, and galahad went thereto, and
found there a crown of silk. and at the feet was a sword, rich and
fair, and it was drawn out of the sheath half a foot and more; and the
sword was of divers fashions, and the pommel was of stone, and there
was in him all manner of colours that any man might find, and everych
of the colours had divers virtues; and the scales of the haft were of
two ribs of divers beasts, the one beast was a serpent which was
conversant in calidone, and is called the serpent of the fiend; and the
bone of him is of such a virtue that there is no hand that handleth him
shall never be weary nor hurt. and the other beast is a fish which is
not right great, and haunteth the flood of euphrates; and that fish is
called ertanax, and his bones be of such a manner of kind that who that
handleth them shall have so much will that he shall never be weary, and
he shall not think on joy nor sorrow that he hath had but only that
thing that he beholdeth before him. and as for this sword there shall
never man begrip him at the handles but one; but he shall pass all
other. in the name of god, said percivale, i shall assay to handle it.
so he set his hand to the sword, but he might not begrip it. by my
faith, said he, now have i failed. bors set his hand thereto and
failed.

then galahad beheld the sword and saw letters like blood that said: let
see who shall assay to draw me out of my sheath, but if he be more
hardier than any other; and who that draweth me, wit ye well that he
shall never fail of shame of his body, or to be wounded to the death.
by my faith, said galahad, i would draw this sword out of the sheath,
but the offending is so great that i shall not set my hand thereto. now
sirs, said the gentlewoman, wit ye well that the drawing of this sword
is warned to all men save all only to you. also this ship arrived in
the realm of logris; and that time was deadly war between king labor,
which was father unto the maimed king, and king hurlame, which was a
saracen. but then was he newly christened, so that men held him
afterward one of the wittiest men of the world. and so upon a day it
befell that king labor and king hurlame had assembled their folk upon
the sea where this ship was arrived; and there king hurlame was
discomfit, and his men slain; and he was afeard to be dead, and fled to
his ship, and there found this sword and drew it, and came out and
found king labor, the man in the world of all christendom in whom was
then the greatest faith. and when king hurlame saw king labor he
dressed this sword, and smote him upon the helm so hard that he clave
him and his horse to the earth with the first stroke of his sword. and
it was in the realm of logris; and so befell great pestilence and great
harm to both realms. for sithen increased neither corn, nor grass, nor
well-nigh no fruit, nor in the water was no fish; wherefore men call it
the lands of the two marches, the waste land, for that dolorous stroke.
and when king hurlame saw this sword so carving, he turned again to
fetch the scabbard, and so came into this ship and entered, and put up
the sword in the sheath. and as soon as he had done it he fell down
dead afore the bed. thus was the sword proved, that none ne drew it but
he were dead or maimed. so lay he there till a maiden came into the
ship and cast him out, for there was no man so hardy of the world to
enter into that ship for the defence.




chapter iv. of the marvels of the sword and of the scabbard.


and then beheld they the scabbard, it seemed to be of a serpent’s skin,
and thereon were letters of gold and silver. and the girdle was but
poorly to come to, and not able to sustain such a rich sword. and the
letters said: he which shall wield me sought to be more harder than any
other, if he bear me as truly as me ought to be borne. for the body of
him which i ought to hang by, he shall not be shamed in no place while
he is girt with this girdle, nor never none be so hardy to do away this
girdle; for it ought not be done away but by the hands of a maid, and
that she be a king’s daughter and queen’s, and she must be a maid all
the days of her life, both in will and in deed. and if she break her
virginity she shall die the most villainous death that ever died any
woman. sir, said percivale, turn this sword that we may see what is on
the other side. and it was red as blood, with black letters as any
coal, which said: he that shall praise me most, most shall he find me
to blame at a great need; and to whom i should be most debonair shall i
be most felon, and that shall be at one time.

fair brother, said she to percivale, it befell after a forty year after
the passion of jesu christ that nacien, the brother-in-law of king
mordrains, was borne into a town more than fourteen days’ journey from
his country, by the commandment of our lord, into an isle, into the
parts of the west, that men cleped the isle of turnance. so befell it
that he found this ship at the entry of a rock, and he found the bed
and this sword as we have heard now. not for then he had not so much
hardiness to draw it; and there he dwelled an eight days, and at the
ninth day there fell a great wind which departed him out of the isle,
and brought him to another isle by a rock, and there he found the
greatest giant that ever man might see. therewith came that horrible
giant to slay him; and then he looked about him and might not flee, and
he had nothing to defend him with. so he ran to his sword, and when he
saw it naked he praised it much, and then he shook it, and therewith he
brake it in the midst. ah, said nacien, the thing that i most praised
ought i now most to blame, and therewith he threw the pieces of his
sword over his bed. and after he leapt over the board to fight with the
giant, and slew him.

and anon he entered into the ship again, and the wind arose, and drove
him through the sea, that by adventure he came to another ship where
king mordrains was, which had been tempted full evil with a fiend in
the port of perilous rock. and when that one saw the other they made
great joy of other, and either told other of their adventure, and how
the sword failed him at his most need. when mordrains saw the sword he
praised it much: but the breaking was not to do but by wickedness of
thy selfward, for thou art in some sin. and there he took the sword,
and set the pieces together, and they soldered as fair as ever they
were to-fore; and there put he the sword in the sheath, and laid it
down on the bed. then heard they a voice that said: go out of this ship
a little while, and enter into the other, for dread ye fall in deadly
sin, for and ye be found in deadly sin ye may not escape but perish:
and so they went into the other ship. and as nacien went over the board
he was smitten with a sword on the right foot, that he fell down
noseling to the ship’s board; and therewith he said: o god, how am i
hurt. and then there came a voice and said: take thou that for thy
forfeit that thou didst in drawing of this sword, therefore thou
receivest a wound, for thou were never worthy to handle it, as the
writing maketh mention. in the name of god, said galahad, ye are right
wise of these works.




chapter v. how king pelles was smitten through both thighs because he
drew the sword, and other marvellous histories.


sir, said she, there was a king that hight pelles, the maimed king. and
while he might ride he supported much christendom and holy church. so
upon a day he hunted in a wood of his which lasted unto the sea; and at
the last he lost his hounds and his knights save only one: and there he
and his knight went till that they came toward ireland, and there he
found the ship. and when he saw the letters and understood them, yet he
entered, for he was right perfect of his life, but his knight had none
hardiness to enter; and there found he this sword, and drew it out as
much as ye may see. so therewith entered a spear wherewith he was
smitten him through both the thighs, and never sith might he be healed,
nor nought shall to-fore we come to him. thus, said she, was not king
pelles, your grandsire, maimed for his hardiness? in the name of god,
damosel, said galahad.

so they went toward the bed to behold all about it, and above the head
there hung two swords. also there were two spindles which were as white
as any snow, and other that were as red as blood, and other above green
as any emerald: of these three colours were the spindles, and of
natural colour within, and without any painting. these spindles, said
the damosel, were when sinful eve came to gather fruit, for which adam
and she were put out of paradise, she took with her the bough on which
the apple hung on. then perceived she that the branch was fair and
green, and she remembered her the loss which came from the tree. then
she thought to keep the branch as long as she might. and for she had no
coffer to keep it in, she put it in the earth. so by the will of our
lord the branch grew to a great tree within a little while, and was as
white as any snow, branches, boughs, and leaves: that was a token a
maiden planted it. but after god came to adam, and bade him know his
wife fleshly as nature required. so lay adam with his wife under the
same tree; and anon the tree which was white was full green as any
grass, and all that came out of it; and in the same time that they
medled together there was abel begotten: thus was the tree long of
green colour. and so it befell many days after, under the same tree
caym slew abel, whereof befell great marvel. for anon as abel had
received the death under the green tree, it lost the green colour and
became red; and that was in tokening of the blood. and anon all the
plants died thereof, but the tree grew and waxed marvellously fair, and
it was the fairest tree and the most delectable that any man might
behold and see; and so died the plants that grew out of it to-fore that
abel was slain under it. so long dured the tree till that solomon, king
david’s son, reigned, and held the land after his father. this solomon
was wise and knew all the virtues of stones and trees, and so he knew
the course of the stars, and many other divers things. this solomon had
an evil wife, wherethrough he weened that there had been no good woman,
and so he despised them in his books. so answered a voice him once:
solomon, if heaviness come to a man by a woman, ne reck thou never; for
yet shall there come a woman whereof there shall come greater joy to
man an hundred times more than this heaviness giveth sorrow; and that
woman shall be born of thy lineage. tho when solomon heard these words
he held himself but a fool, and the truth he perceived by old books.
also the holy ghost showed him the coming of the glorious virgin mary.
then asked he of the voice, if it should be in the yerde of his
lineage. nay, said the voice, but there shall come a man which shall be
a maid, and the last of your blood, and he shall be as good a knight as
duke josua, thy brother-in-law.




chapter vi. how solomon took david’s sword by the counsel of his wife,
and of other matters marvellous.


now have i certified thee of that thou stoodest in doubt. then was
solomon glad that there should come any such of his lineage; but ever
he marvelled and studied who that should be, and what his name might
be. his wife perceived that he studied, and thought she would know it
at some season; and so she waited her time, and asked of him the cause
of his studying, and there he told her altogether how the voice told
him. well, said she, i shall let make a ship of the best wood and most
durable that men may find. so solomon sent for all the carpenters of
the land, and the best. and when they had made the ship the lady said
to solomon: sir, said she, since it is so that this knight ought to
pass all knights of chivalry which have been to-fore him and shall come
after him, moreover i shall tell you, said she, ye shall go into our
lord’s temple, where is king david’s sword, your father, the which is
the marvelloust and the sharpest that ever was taken in any knight’s
hand. therefore take that, and take off the pommel, and thereto make ye
a pommel of precious stones, that it be so subtly made that no man
perceive it but that they be all one; and after make there an hilt so
marvellously and wonderly that no man may know it; and after make a
marvellous sheath. and when ye have made all this i shall let make a
girdle thereto, such as shall please me.

all this king solomon did let make as she devised, both the ship and
all the remnant. and when the ship was ready in the sea to sail, the
lady let make a great bed and marvellous rich, and set her upon the
bed’s head, covered with silk, and laid the sword at the feet, and the
girdles were of hemp, and therewith the king was angry. sir, wit ye
well, said she, that i have none so high a thing which were worthy to
sustain so high a sword, and a maid shall bring other knights thereto,
but i wot not when it shall be, nor what time. and there she let make a
covering to the ship, of cloth of silk that should never rot for no
manner of weather. yet went that lady and made a carpenter to come to
the tree which abel was slain under. now, said she, carve me out of
this tree as much wood as will make me a spindle. ah madam, said he,
this is the tree the which our first mother planted. do it, said she,
or else i shall destroy thee. anon as he began to work there came out
drops of blood; and then would he have left, but she would not suffer
him, and so he took away as much wood as might make a spindle: and so
she made him to take as much of the green tree and of the white tree.
and when these three spindles were shapen she made them to be fastened
upon the selar of the bed. when solomon saw this, he said to his wife:
ye have done marvellously, for though all the world were here right
now, he could not devise wherefore all this was made, but our lord
himself; and thou that hast done it wottest not what it shall betoken.
now let it be, said she, for ye shall hear tidings sooner than ye ween.
now shall ye hear a wonderful tale of king solomon and his wife.




chapter vii. a wonderful tale of king solomon and his wife.


that night lay solomon before the ship with little fellowship. and when
he was asleep him thought there came from heaven a great company of
angels, and alighted into the ship, and took water which was brought by
an angel, in a vessel of silver, and sprent all the ship. and after he
came to the sword, and drew letters on the hilt. and after went to the
ship’s board, and wrote there other letters which said: thou man that
wilt enter within me, beware that thou be full within the faith, for i
ne am but faith and belief. when solomon espied these letters he was
abashed, so that he durst not enter, and so drew him aback; and the
ship was anon shoven in the sea, and he went so fast that he lost sight
of him within a little while. and then a little voice said: solomon,
the last knight of thy lineage shall rest in this bed. then went
solomon and awaked his wife, and told her of the adventures of the
ship.

now saith the history that a great while the three fellows beheld the
bed and the three spindles. then they were at certain that they were of
natural colours without painting. then they lift up a cloth which was
above the ground, and there found a rich purse by seeming. and
percivale took it, and found therein a writ and so he read it, and
devised the manner of the spindles and of the ship, whence it came, and
by whom it was made. now, said galahad, where shall we find the
gentlewoman that shall make new girdles to the sword? fair sir, said
percivale’s sister, dismay you not, for by the leave of god i shall let
make a girdle to the sword, such one as shall long thereto. and then
she opened a box, and took out girdles which were seemly wrought with
golden threads, and upon that were set full precious stones, and a rich
buckle of gold. lo, lords, said she, here is a girdle that ought to be
set about the sword. and wit ye well the greatest part of this girdle
was made of my hair, which i loved well while that i was a woman of the
world. but as soon as i wist that this adventure was ordained me i
clipped off my hair, and made this girdle in the name of god. ye be
well found, said sir bors, for certes ye have put us out of great pain,
wherein we should have entered ne had your tidings been.

then went the gentlewoman and set it on the girdle of the sword. now,
said the fellowship, what is the name of the sword, and what shall we
call it? truly, said she, the name of the sword is the sword with the
strange girdles; and the sheath, mover of blood; for no man that hath
blood in him ne shall never see the one part of the sheath which was
made of the tree of life. then they said to galahad: in the name of
jesu christ, and pray you that ye gird you with this sword which hath
been desired so much in the realm of logris. now let me begin, said
galahad, to grip this sword for to give you courage; but wit ye well it
longeth no more to me than it doth to you. and then he gripped about it
with his fingers a great deal; and then she girt him about the middle
with the sword. now reck i not though i die, for now i hold me one of
the blessed maidens of the world, which hath made the worthiest knight
of the world. damosel, said galahad, ye have done so much that i shall
be your knight all the days of my life.

then they went from that ship, and went to the other. and anon the wind
drove them into the sea a great pace, but they had no victuals: but it
befell that they came on the morn to a castle that men call carteloise,
that was in the marches of scotland. and when they had passed the port,
the gentlewoman said: lords, here be men arriven that, an they wist
that ye were of king arthur’s court, ye should be assailed anon.
damosel, said galahad, he that cast us out of the rock shall deliver us
from them.




chapter viii. how galahad and his fellows came to a castle, and how
they were fought withal, and how they slew their adversaries, and other
matters.


so it befell as they spoke thus there came a squire by them, and asked
what they were; and they said they were of king arthur’s house. is that
sooth? said he. now by my head, said he, ye be ill arrayed; and then
turned he again unto the cliff fortress. and within a while they heard
an horn blow. then a gentlewoman came to them, and asked them of whence
they were; and they told her. fair lords, said she, for god’s love turn
again if ye may, for ye be come unto your death. nay, they said, we
will not turn again, for he shall help us in whose service we be
entered in. then as they stood talking there came knights well armed,
and bade them yield them or else to die. that yielding, said they,
shall be noyous to you. and therewith they let their horses run, and
sir percivale smote the foremost to the earth, and took his horse, and
mounted thereupon, and the same did galahad. also bors served another
so, for they had no horses in that country, for they left their horses
when they took their ship in other countries. and so when they were
horsed then began they to set upon them; and they of the castle fled
into the strong fortress, and the three knights after them into the
castle, and so alighted on foot, and with their swords slew them down,
and gat into the hall.

then when they beheld the great multitude of people that they had
slain, they held themself great sinners. certes, said bors, i ween an
god had loved them that we should not have had power to have slain them
thus. but they have done so much against our lord that he would not
suffer them to reign no longer. say ye not so, said galahad, for if
they misdid against god, the vengeance is not ours, but to him which
hath power thereof.

so came there out of a chamber a good man which was a priest, and bare
god’s body in a cup. and when he saw them which lay dead in the hall he
was all abashed; and galahad did off his helm and kneeled down, and so
did his two fellows. sir, said they, have ye no dread of us, for we be
of king arthur’s court. then asked the good man how they were slain so
suddenly, and they told it him. truly, said the good man, an ye might
live as long as the world might endure, ne might ye have done so great
an alms-deed as this. sir, said galahad, i repent me much, inasmuch as
they were christened. nay, repent you not, said he, for they were not
christened, and i shall tell you how that i wot of this castle. here
was lord earl hernox not but one year, and he had three sons, good
knights of arms, and a daughter, the fairest gentlewoman that men knew.
so those three knights loved their sister so sore that they brent in
love, and so they lay by her, maugre her head. and for she cried to her
father they slew her, and took their father and put him in prison, and
wounded him nigh to the death, but a cousin of hers rescued him. and
then did they great untruth: they slew clerks and priests, and made
beat down chapels, that our lord’s service might not be served nor
said. and this same day her father sent to me for to be confessed and
houseled; but such shame had never man as i had this day with the three
brethren, but the earl bade me suffer, for he said they should not long
endure, for three servants of our lord should destroy them, and now it
is brought to an end. and by this may ye wit that our lord is not
displeased with your deeds. certes, said galahad, an it had not pleased
our lord, never should we have slain so many men in so little a while.

and then they brought the earl hernox out of prison into the midst of
the hall, that knew galahad anon, and yet he saw him never afore but by
revelation of our lord.




chapter ix. how the three knights, with percivale’s sister, came unto
the same forest, and of an hart and four lions, and other things.


then began he to weep right tenderly, and said: long have i abiden your
coming, but for god’s love hold me in your arms, that my soul may
depart out of my body in so good a man’s arms as ye be. gladly, said
galahad. and then one said on high, that all heard: galahad, well hast
thou avenged me on god’s enemies. now behoveth thee to go to the maimed
king as soon as thou mayest, for he shall receive by thee health which
he hath abiden so long. and therewith the soul departed from the body,
and galahad made him to be buried as him ought to be.

right so departed the three knights, and percivale’s sister with them.
and so they came into a waste forest, and there they saw afore them a
white hart which four lions led. then they took them to assent for to
follow after for to know whither they repaired; and so they rode after
a great pace till that they came to a valley, and thereby was an
hermitage where a good man dwelled, and the hart and the lions entered
also. so when they saw all this they turned to the chapel, and saw the
good man in a religious weed and in the armour of our lord, for he
would sing mass of the holy ghost; and so they entered in and heard
mass. and at the secrets of the mass they three saw the hart become a
man, the which marvelled them, and set him upon the altar in a rich
siege; and saw the four lions were changed, the one to the form of a
man, the other to the form of a lion, and the third to an eagle, and
the fourth was changed unto an ox. then took they their siege where the
hart sat, and went out through a glass window, and there was nothing
perished nor broken; and they heard a voice say: in such a manner
entered the son of god in the womb of a maid mary, whose virginity ne
was perished ne hurt. and when they heard these words they fell down to
the earth and were astonied; and therewith was a great clearness.

and when they were come to theirself again they went to the good man
and prayed him that he would say them truth. what thing have ye seen?
said he. and they told him all that they had seen. ah lords, said he,
ye be welcome; now wot i well ye be the good knights the which shall
bring the sangreal to an end; for ye be they unto whom our lord shall
shew great secrets. and well ought our lord be signified to an hart,
for the hart when he is old he waxeth young again in his white skin.
right so cometh again our lord from death to life, for he lost earthly
flesh that was the deadly flesh, which he had taken in the womb of the
blessed virgin mary; and for that cause appeared our lord as a white
hart without spot. and the four that were with him is to understand the
four evangelists which set in writing a part of jesu christ’s deeds
that he did sometime when he was among you an earthly man; for wit ye
well never erst ne might no knight know the truth, for ofttimes or this
our lord showed him unto good men and unto good knights, in likeness of
an hart, but i suppose from henceforth ye shall see no more. and then
they joyed much, and dwelled there all that day. and upon the morrow
when they had heard mass they departed and commended the good man to
god: and so they came to a castle and passed by. so there came a knight
armed after them and said: lords, hark what i shall say to you.




chapter x. how they were desired of a strange custom, the which they
would not obey; wherefore they fought and slew many knights.


this gentlewoman that ye lead with you is a maid? sir, said she, a maid
i am. then he took her by the bridle and said: by the holy cross, ye
shall not escape me to-fore ye have yolden the custom of this castle.
let her go, said percivale, ye be not wise, for a maid in what place
she cometh is free. so in the meanwhile there came out a ten or twelve
knights armed, out of the castle, and with them came gentlewomen which
held a dish of silver. and then they said: this gentlewoman must yield
us the custom of this castle. sir, said a knight, what maid passeth
hereby shall give this dish full of blood of her right arm. blame have
ye, said galahad, that brought up such customs, and so god me save, i
ensure you of this gentlewoman ye shall fail while that i live. so god
me help, said percivale, i had liefer be slain. and i also, said sir
bors. by my troth, said the knight, then shall ye die, for ye may not
endure against us though ye were the best knights of the world.

then let they run each to other, and the three fellows beat the ten
knights, and then set their hands to their swords and beat them down
and slew them. then there came out of the castle a three score knights
armed. fair lords, said the three fellows, have mercy on yourself and
have not ado with us. nay, fair lords, said the knights of the castle,
we counsel you to withdraw you, for ye be the best knights of the
world, and therefore do no more, for ye have done enough. we will let
you go with this harm, but we must needs have the custom. certes, said
galahad, for nought speak ye. well, said they, will ye die? we be not
yet come thereto, said galahad. then began they to meddle together, and
galahad, with the strange girdles, drew his sword, and smote on the
right hand and on the left hand, and slew what that ever abode him, and
did such marvels that there was none that saw him but weened he had
been none earthly man, but a monster. and his two fellows halp him
passing well, and so they held the journey everych in like hard till it
was night: then must they needs depart.

so came in a good knight, and said to the three fellows: if ye will
come in to-night and take such harbour as here is ye shall be right
welcome, and we shall ensure you by the faith of our bodies, and as we
be true knights, to leave you in such estate to-morrow as we find you,
without any falsehood. and as soon as ye know of the custom we dare say
ye will accord therefore. for god’s love, said the gentlewoman, go
thither and spare not for me. go we, said galahad; and so they entered
into the chapel. and when they were alighted they made great joy of
them. so within a while the three knights asked the custom of the
castle and wherefore it was. what it is, said they, we will say you
sooth.




chapter xi. how sir percivale’s sister bled a dish full of blood for to
heal a lady, wherefore she died; and how that the body was put in a
ship.


there is in this castle a gentlewoman which we and this castle is hers,
and many other. so it befell many years agone there fell upon her a
malady; and when she had lain a great while she fell unto a measle, and
of no leech she could have no remedy. but at the last an old man said
an she might have a dish full of blood of a maid and a clean virgin in
will and in work, and a king’s daughter, that blood should be her
health, and for to anoint her withal; and for this thing was this
custom made. now, said percivale’s sister, fair knights, i see well
that this gentlewoman is but dead. certes, said galahad, an ye bleed so
much ye may die. truly, said she, an i die for to heal her i shall get
me great worship and soul’s health, and worship to my lineage, and
better is one harm than twain. and therefore there shall be no more
battle, but to-morn i shall yield you your custom of this castle. and
then there was great joy more than there was to-fore, for else had
there been mortal war upon the morn; notwithstanding she would none
other, whether they wold or nold.

that night were the three fellows eased with the best; and on the morn
they heard mass, and sir percivale’s sister bade bring forth the sick
lady. so she was, the which was evil at ease. then said she: who shall
let me blood? so one came forth and let her blood, and she bled so much
that the dish was full. then she lift up her hand and blessed her; and
then she said to the lady: madam, i am come to the death for to make
you whole, for god’s love pray for me. with that she fell in a swoon.
then galahad and his two fellows start up to her, and lift her up and
staunched her, but she had bled so much that she might not live. then
she said when she was awaked: fair brother percivale, i die for the
healing of this lady, so i require you that ye bury me not in this
country, but as soon as i am dead put me in a boat at the next haven,
and let me go as adventure will lead me; and as soon as ye three come
to the city of sarras, there to enchieve the holy grail, ye shall find
me under a tower arrived, and there bury me in the spiritual place; for
i say you so much, there galahad shall be buried, and ye also, in the
same place.

then percivale understood these words, and granted it her, weeping. and
then said a voice: lords and fellows, to-morrow at the hour of prime ye
three shall depart everych from other, till the adventure bring you to
the maimed king. then asked she her saviour; and as soon as she had
received it the soul departed from the body. so the same day was the
lady healed, when she was anointed withal. then sir percivale made a
letter of all that she had holpen them as in strange adventures, and
put it in her right hand, and so laid her in a barge, and covered it
with black silk; and so the wind arose, and drove the barge from the
land, and all knights beheld it till it was out of their sight. then
they drew all to the castle, and so forthwith there fell a sudden
tempest and a thunder, lightning, and rain, as all the earth would have
broken. so half the castle turned up-so-down. so it passed evensong or
the tempest was ceased.

then they saw afore them a knight armed and wounded hard in the body
and in the head, that said: o god, succour me for now it is need. after
this knight came another knight and a dwarf, which cried to them afar:
stand, ye may not escape. then the wounded knight held up his hands to
god that he should not die in such tribulation. truly, said galahad, i
shall succour him for his sake that he calleth upon. sir, said bors, i
shall do it, for it is not for you, for he is but one knight. sir, said
he, i grant. so sir bors took his horse, and commended him to god, and
rode after, to rescue the wounded knight. now turn we to the two
fellows.




chapter xii. how galahad and percivale found in a castle many tombs of
maidens that had bled to death.


now saith the story that all night galahad and percivale were in a
chapel in their prayers, for to save sir bors. so on the morrow they
dressed them in their harness toward the castle, to wit what was fallen
of them therein. and when they came there they found neither man nor
woman that he ne was dead by the vengeance of our lord. with that they
heard a voice that said: this vengeance is for blood-shedding of
maidens. also they found at the end of the chapel a churchyard, and
therein might they see a three score fair tombs, and that place was so
fair and so delectable that it seemed them there had been none tempest,
for there lay the bodies of all the good maidens which were martyred
for the sick lady’s sake. also they found the names of everych, and of
what blood they were come, and all were of kings’ blood, and twelve of
them were kings’ daughters. then they departed and went into a forest.
now, said percivale unto galahad, we must depart, so pray we our lord
that we may meet together in short time: then they did off their helms
and kissed together, and wept at their departing.




chapter xiii. how sir launcelot entered into the ship where sir
percivale’s sister lay dead, and how he met with sir galahad, his son.


now saith the history, that when launcelot was come to the water of
mortoise, as it is rehearsed before, he was in great peril, and so he
laid him down and slept, and took the adventure that god would send
him. so when he was asleep there came a vision unto him and said:
launcelot, arise up and take thine armour, and enter into the first
ship that thou shalt find. and when he heard these words he start up
and saw great clearness about him. and then he lift up his hand and
blessed him, and so took his arms and made him ready; and so by
adventure he came by a strand, and found a ship the which was without
sail or oar. and as soon as he was within the ship there he felt the
most sweetness that ever he felt, and he was fulfilled with all thing
that he thought on or desired. then he said: fair sweet father, jesu
christ, i wot not in what joy i am, for this joy passeth all earthly
joys that ever i was in. and so in this joy he laid him down to the
ship’s board, and slept till day. and when he awoke he found there a
fair bed, and therein lying a gentlewoman dead, the which was sir
percivale’s sister. and as launcelot devised her, he espied in her
right hand a writ, the which he read, the which told him all the
adventures that ye have heard to-fore, and of what lineage she was
come. so with this gentlewoman sir launcelot was a month and more. if
ye would ask how he lived, he that fed the people of israel with manna
in the desert, so was he fed; for every day when he had said his
prayers he was sustained with the grace of the holy ghost.

so on a night he went to play him by the water side, for he was
somewhat weary of the ship. and then he listened and heard an horse
come, and one riding upon him. and when he came nigh he seemed a
knight. and so he let him pass, and went thereas the ship was; and
there he alighted, and took the saddle and the bridle and put the horse
from him, and went into the ship. and then launcelot dressed unto him,
and said: ye be welcome. and he answered and saluted him again, and
asked him: what is your name? for much my heart giveth unto you. truly,
said he, my name is launcelot du lake. sir, said he, then be ye
welcome, for ye were the beginner of me in this world. ah, said he, are
ye galahad? yea, forsooth, said he; and so he kneeled down and asked
him his blessing, and after took off his helm and kissed him. and there
was great joy between them, for there is no tongue can tell the joy
that they made either of other, and many a friendly word spoken
between, as kin would, the which is no need here to be rehearsed. and
there everych told other of their adventures and marvels that were
befallen to them in many journeys sith that they departed from the
court.

anon, as galahad saw the gentlewoman dead in the bed, he knew her well
enough, and told great worship of her, that she was the best maid
living, and it was great pity of her death. but when launcelot heard
how the marvellous sword was gotten, and who made it, and all the
marvels rehearsed afore, then he prayed galahad, his son, that he would
show him the sword, and so he did; and anon he kissed the pommel, and
the hilt, and the scabbard. truly, said launcelot, never erst knew i of
so high adventures done, and so marvellous and strange. so dwelt
launcelot and galahad within that ship half a year, and served god
daily and nightly with all their power; and often they arrived in isles
far from folk, where there repaired none but wild beasts, and there
they found many strange adventures and perilous, which they brought to
an end; but for those adventures were with wild beasts, and not in the
quest of the sangreal, therefore the tale maketh here no mention
thereof, for it would be too long to tell of all those adventures that
befell them.




chapter xiv. how a knight brought unto sir galahad a horse, and bade
him come from his father, sir launcelot.


so after, on a monday, it befell that they arrived in the edge of a
forest to-fore a cross; and then saw they a knight armed all in white,
and was richly horsed, and led in his right hand a white horse; and so
he came to the ship, and saluted the two knights on the high lord’s
behalf, and said: galahad, sir, ye have been long enough with your
father, come out of the ship, and start upon this horse, and go where
the adventures shall lead thee in the quest of the sangreal. then he
went to his father and kissed him sweetly, and said: fair sweet father,
i wot not when i shall see you more till i see the body of jesu christ.
i pray you, said launcelot, pray ye to the high father that he hold me
in his service. and so he took his horse, and there they heard a voice
that said: think for to do well, for the one shall never see the other
before the dreadful day of doom. now, son galahad, said launcelot,
since we shall depart, and never see other, i pray to the high father
to conserve me and you both. sir, said galahad, no prayer availeth so
much as yours. and therewith galahad entered into the forest.

and the wind arose, and drove launcelot more than a month throughout
the sea, where he slept but little, but prayed to god that he might see
some tidings of the sangreal. so it befell on a night, at midnight, he
arrived afore a castle, on the back side, which was rich and fair, and
there was a postern opened toward the sea, and was open without any
keeping, save two lions kept the entry; and the moon shone clear. anon
sir launcelot heard a voice that said: launcelot, go out of this ship
and enter into the castle, where thou shalt see a great part of thy
desire. then he ran to his arms, and so armed him, and so went to the
gate and saw the lions. then set he hand to his sword and drew it. then
there came a dwarf suddenly, and smote him on the arm so sore that the
sword fell out of his hand. then heard he a voice say: o man of evil
faith and poor belief, wherefore trowest thou more on thy harness than
in thy maker, for he might more avail thee than thine armour, in whose
service that thou art set. then said launcelot: fair father jesu
christ, i thank thee of thy great mercy that thou reprovest me of my
misdeed; now see i well that ye hold me for your servant. then took he
again his sword and put it up in his sheath, and made a cross in his
forehead, and came to the lions, and they made semblaunt to do him
harm. notwithstanding he passed by them without hurt, and entered into
the castle to the chief fortress, and there were they all at rest. then
launcelot entered in so armed, for he found no gate nor door but it was
open. and at the last he found a chamber whereof the door was shut, and
he set his hand thereto to have opened it, but he might not.




chapter xv. how sir launcelot was to-fore the door of the chamber
wherein the holy sangreal was.


then he enforced him mickle to undo the door. then he listened and
heard a voice which sang so sweetly that it seemed none earthly thing;
and him thought the voice said: joy and honour be to the father of
heaven. then launcelot kneeled down to-fore the chamber, for well wist
he that there was the sangreal within that chamber. then said he: fair
sweet father, jesu christ, if ever i did thing that pleased thee, lord
for thy pity never have me not in despite for my sins done aforetime,
and that thou show me something of that i seek. and with that he saw
the chamber door open, and there came out a great clearness, that the
house was as bright as all the torches of the world had been there.

so came he to the chamber door, and would have entered. and anon a
voice said to him: flee, launcelot, and enter not, for thou oughtest
not to do it; and if thou enter thou shalt for-think it. then he
withdrew him aback right heavy. then looked he up in the midst of the
chamber, and saw a table of silver, and the holy vessel, covered with
red samite, and many angels about it, whereof one held a candle of wax
burning, and the other held a cross, and the ornaments of an altar. and
before the holy vessel he saw a good man clothed as a priest. and it
seemed that he was at the sacring of the mass. and it seemed to
launcelot that above the priest’s hands were three men, whereof the two
put the youngest by likeness between the priest’s hands; and so he lift
it up right high, and it seemed to show so to the people. and then
launcelot marvelled not a little, for him thought the priest was so
greatly charged of the figure that him seemed that he should fall to
the earth. and when he saw none about him that would help him, then
came he to the door a great pace, and said: fair father jesu christ, ne
take it for no sin though i help the good man which hath great need of
help.

right so entered he into the chamber, and came toward the table of
silver; and when he came nigh he felt a breath, that him thought it was
intermeddled with fire, which smote him so sore in the visage that him
thought it brent his visage; and therewith he fell to the earth, and
had no power to arise, as he that was so araged, that had lost the
power of his body, and his hearing, and his seeing. then felt he many
hands about him, which took him up and bare him out of the chamber
door, without any amending of his swoon, and left him there, seeming
dead to all people.

so upon the morrow when it was fair day they within were arisen, and
found launcelot lying afore the chamber door. all they marvelled how
that he came in, and so they looked upon him, and felt his pulse to wit
whether there were any life in him; and so they found life in him, but
he might not stand nor stir no member that he had. and so they took him
by every part of the body, and bare him into a chamber, and laid him in
a rich bed, far from all folk; and so he lay four days. then the one
said he was alive, and the other said, nay. in the name of god, said an
old man, for i do you verily to wit he is not dead, but he is so full
of life as the mightiest of you all; and therefore i counsel you that
he be well kept till god send him life again.




chapter xvi. how sir launcelot had lain four-and-twenty days and as
many nights as a dead man, and other divers matters.


in such manner they kept launcelot four-and-twenty days and all so many
nights, that ever he lay still as a dead man; and at the twenty-fifth
day befell him after midday that he opened his eyes. and when he saw
folk he made great sorrow, and said: why have ye awaked me, for i was
more at ease than i am now. o jesu christ, who might be so blessed that
might see openly thy great marvels of secretness there where no sinner
may be! what have ye seen? said they about him. i have seen, said he,
so great marvels that no tongue may tell, and more than any heart can
think, and had not my son been here afore me i had seen much more.

then they told him how he had lain there four-and-twenty days and
nights. then him thought it was punishment for the four-and-twenty
years that he had been a sinner, wherefore our lord put him in penance
four-and-twenty days and nights. then looked sir launcelot afore him,
and saw the hair which he had borne nigh a year, for that he
for-thought him right much that he had broken his promise unto the
hermit, which he had avowed to do. then they asked how it stood with
him. forsooth, said he, i am whole of body, thanked be our lord;
therefore, sirs, for god’s love tell me where i am. then said they all
that he was in the castle of carbonek.

therewith came a gentlewoman and brought him a shirt of small linen
cloth, but he changed not there, but took the hair to him again. sir,
said they, the quest of the sangreal is achieved now right in you, that
never shall ye see of the sangreal no more than ye have seen. now i
thank god, said launcelot, of his great mercy of that i have seen, for
it sufficeth me; for as i suppose no man in this world hath lived
better than i have done to enchieve that i have done. and therewith he
took the hair and clothed him in it, and above that he put a linen
shirt, and after a robe of scarlet, fresh and new. and when he was so
arrayed they marvelled all, for they knew him that he was launcelot,
the good knight. and then they said all: o my lord sir launcelot, be
that ye? and he said: truly i am he.

then came word to king pelles that the knight that had lain so long
dead was sir launcelot. then was the king right glad, and went to see
him. and when launcelot saw him come he dressed him against him, and
there made the king great joy of him. and there the king told him
tidings that his fair daughter was dead. then launcelot was right heavy
of it, and said: sir, me forthinketh the death of your daughter, for
she was a full fair lady, fresh and young. and well i wot she bare the
best knight that is now on the earth, or that ever was sith god was
born. so the king held him there four days, and on the morrow he took
his leave at king pelles and at all the fellowship, and thanked them of
their great labour.

right so as they sat at their dinner in the chief salle, then was so
befallen that the sangreal had fulfilled the table with all manner of
meats that any heart might think. so as they sat they saw all the doors
and the windows of the place were shut without man’s hand, whereof they
were all abashed, and none wist what to do.

and then it happed suddenly a knight came to the chief door and
knocked, and cried: undo the door. but they would not. and ever he
cried: undo; but they would not. and at last it noyed them so much that
the king himself arose and came to a window there where the knight
called. then he said: sir knight, ye shall not enter at this time while
the sangreal is here, and therefore go into another; for certes ye be
none of the knights of the quest, but one of them which hath served the
fiend, and hast left the service of our lord: and he was passing wroth
at the king’s words. sir knight, said the king, sith ye would so fain
enter, say me of what country ye be. sir, said he, i am of the realm of
logris, and my name is ector de maris, and brother unto my lord, sir
launcelot. in the name of god, said the king, me for-thinketh of what i
have said, for your brother is here within. and when ector de maris
understood that his brother was there, for he was the man in the world
that he most dread and loved, and then he said: ah god, now doubleth my
sorrow and shame. full truly said the good man of the hill unto gawaine
and to me of our dreams. then went he out of the court as fast as his
horse might, and so throughout the castle.




chapter xvii. how sir launcelot returned towards logris, and of other
adventures which he saw in the way.


then king pelles came to sir launcelot and told him tidings of his
brother, whereof he was sorry, that he wist not what to do. so sir
launcelot departed, and took his arms, and said he would go see the
realm of logris, which i have not seen in twelve months. and therewith
he commended the king to god, and so rode through many realms. and at
the last he came to a white abbey, and there they made him that night
great cheer; and on the morn he rose and heard mass. and afore an altar
he found a rich tomb, which was newly made; and then he took heed, and
saw the sides written with gold which said: here lieth king bagdemagus
of gore, which king arthur’s nephew slew; and named him, sir gawaine.
then was not he a little sorry, for launcelot loved him much more than
any other, and had it been any other than gawaine he should not have
escaped from death to life; and said to himself: ah lord god, this is a
great hurt unto king arthur’s court, the loss of such a man. and then
he departed and came to the abbey where galahad did the adventure of
the tombs, and won the white shield with the red cross; and there had
he great cheer all that night.

and on the morn he turned unto camelot, where he found king arthur and
the queen. but many of the knights of the round table were slain and
destroyed, more than half. and so three were come home, ector, gawaine,
and lionel, and many other that need not to be rehearsed. and all the
court was passing glad of sir launcelot, and the king asked him many
tidings of his son galahad. and there launcelot told the king of his
adventures that had befallen him since he departed. and also he told
him of the adventures of galahad, percivale, and bors, which that he
knew by the letter of the dead damosel, and as galahad had told him.
now god would, said the king, that they were all three here. that shall
never be, said launcelot, for two of them shall ye never see, but one
of them shall come again.

now leave we this story and speak of galahad.




chapter xviii. how galahad came to king mordrains, and of other matters
and adventures.


now, saith the story, galahad rode many journeys in vain. and at the
last he came to the abbey where king mordrains was, and when he heard
that, he thought he would abide to see him. and upon the morn, when he
had heard mass, galahad came unto king mordrains, and anon the king saw
him, which had lain blind of long time. and then he dressed him against
him, and said: galahad, the servant of jesu christ, whose coming i have
abiden so long, now embrace me and let me rest on thy breast, so that i
may rest between thine arms, for thou art a clean virgin above all
knights, as the flower of the lily in whom virginity is signified, and
thou art the rose the which is the flower of all good virtues, and in
colour of fire. for the fire of the holy ghost is taken so in thee that
my flesh which was all dead of oldness is become young again. then
galahad heard his words, then he embraced him and all his body. then
said he: fair lord jesu christ, now i have my will. now i require thee,
in this point that i am in, thou come and visit me. and anon our lord
heard his prayer: therewith the soul departed from the body.

and then galahad put him in the earth as a king ought to be, and so
departed and so came into a perilous forest where he found the well the
which boileth with great waves, as the tale telleth to-fore. and as
soon as galahad set his hand thereto it ceased, so that it brent no
more, and the heat departed. for that it brent it was a sign of
lechery, the which was that time much used. but that heat might not
abide his pure virginity. and this was taken in the country for a
miracle. and so ever after was it called galahad’s well.

then by adventure he came into the country of gore, and into the abbey
where launcelot had been to-forehand, and found the tomb of king
bagdemagus, but he was founder thereof, joseph of aramathie’s son; and
the tomb of simeon where launcelot had failed. then he looked into a
croft under the minster, and there he saw a tomb which brent full
marvellously. then asked he the brethren what it was. sir, said they, a
marvellous adventure that may not be brought unto none end but by him
that passeth of bounty and of knighthood all them of the round table. i
would, said galahad, that ye would lead me thereto. gladly, said they,
and so led him till a cave. and he went down upon greses, and came nigh
the tomb. and then the flaming failed, and the fire staunched, the
which many a day had been great. then came there a voice that said:
much are ye beholden to thank our lord, the which hath given you a good
hour, that ye may draw out the souls of earthly pain, and to put them
into the joys of paradise. i am of your kindred, the which hath dwelled
in this heat this three hundred winter and four-and-fifty to be purged
of the sin that i did against joseph of aramathie. then galahad took
the body in his arms and bare it into the minster. and that night lay
galahad in the abbey; and on the morn he gave him service, and put him
in the earth afore the high altar.




chapter xix. how sir percivale and sir bors met with sir galahad, and
how they came to the castle of carbonek, and other matters.


so departed he from thence, and commended the brethren to god; and so
he rode five days till that he came to the maimed king. and ever
followed percivale the five days, asking where he had been; and so one
told him how the adventures of logris were enchieved. so on a day it
befell that they came out of a great forest, and there they met at
traverse with sir bors, the which rode alone. it is none need to tell
if they were glad; and them he saluted, and they yielded him honour and
good adventure, and everych told other. then said bors: it is mo than a
year and an half that i ne lay ten times where men dwelled, but in wild
forests and in mountains, but god was ever my comfort.

then rode they a great while till that they came to the castle of
carbonek. and when they were entered within the castle king pelles knew
them; then there was great joy, for they wist well by their coming that
they had fulfilled the quest of the sangreal. then eliazar, king
pelles’ son, brought to-fore them the broken sword wherewith joseph was
stricken through the thigh. then bors set his hand thereto, if that he
might have soldered it again; but it would not be. then he took it to
percivale, but he had no more power thereto than he. now have ye it
again, said percivale to galahad, for an it be ever enchieved by any
bodily man ye must do it. and then he took the pieces and set them
together, and they seemed that they had never been broken, and as well
as it had been first forged. and when they within espied that the
adventure of the sword was enchieved, then they gave the sword to bors,
for it might not be better set; for he was a good knight and a worthy
man.

and a little afore even the sword arose great and marvellous, and was
full of great heat that many men fell for dread. and anon alighted a
voice among them, and said: they that ought not to sit at the table of
jesu christ arise, for now shall very knights be fed. so they went
thence, all save king pelles and eliazar, his son, the which were holy
men, and a maid which was his niece; and so these three fellows and
they three were there, no mo. anon they saw knights all armed came in
at the hall door, and did off their helms and their arms, and said unto
galahad: sir, we have hied right much for to be with you at this table
where the holy meat shall be departed. then said he: ye be welcome, but
of whence be ye? so three of them said they were of gaul, and other
three said they were of ireland, and the other three said they were of
denmark. so as they sat thus there came out a bed of tree, of a
chamber, the which four gentlewomen brought; and in the bed lay a good
man sick, and a crown of gold upon his head; and there in the midst of
the place they set him down, and went again their way. then he lift up
his head, and said: galahad, knight, ye be welcome, for much have i
desired your coming, for in such pain and in such anguish i have been
long. but now i trust to god the term is come that my pain shall be
allayed, that i shall pass out of this world so as it was promised me
long ago. therewith a voice said: there be two among you that be not in
the quest of the sangreal, and therefore depart ye.




chapter xx. how galahad and his fellows were fed of the holy sangreal,
and how our lord appeared to them, and other things.


then king pelles and his son departed. and therewithal beseemed them
that there came a man, and four angels from heaven, clothed in likeness
of a bishop, and had a cross in his hand; and these four angels bare
him up in a chair, and set him down before the table of silver where
upon the sangreal was; and it seemed that he had in midst of his
forehead letters the which said: see ye here joseph, the first bishop
of christendom, the same which our lord succoured in the city of sarras
in the spiritual place. then the knights marvelled, for that bishop was
dead more than three hundred year to-fore. o knights, said he, marvel
not, for i was sometime an earthly man. with that they heard the
chamber door open, and there they saw angels; and two bare candles of
wax, and the third a towel, and the fourth a spear which bled
marvellously, that three drops fell within a box which he held with his
other hand. and they set the candles upon the table, and the third the
towel upon the vessel, and the fourth the holy spear even upright upon
the vessel. and then the bishop made semblaunt as though he would have
gone to the sacring of the mass. and then he took an ubblie which was
made in likeness of bread. and at the lifting up there came a figure in
likeness of a child, and the visage was as red and as bright as any
fire, and smote himself into the bread, so that they all saw it that
the bread was formed of a fleshly man; and then he put it into the holy
vessel again, and then he did that longed to a priest to do to a mass.
and then he went to galahad and kissed him, and bade him go and kiss
his fellows: and so he did anon. now, said he, servants of jesu christ,
ye shall be fed afore this table with sweet meats that never knights
tasted. and when he had said, he vanished away. and they set them at
the table in great dread, and made their prayers.

then looked they and saw a man come out of the holy vessel, that had
all the signs of the passion of jesu christ, bleeding all openly, and
said: my knights, and my servants, and my true children, which be come
out of deadly life into spiritual life, i will now no longer hide me
from you, but ye shall see now a part of my secrets and of my hidden
things: now hold and receive the high meat which ye have so much
desired. then took he himself the holy vessel and came to galahad; and
he kneeled down, and there he received his saviour, and after him so
received all his fellows; and they thought it so sweet that it was
marvellous to tell. then said he to galahad: son, wottest thou what i
hold betwixt my hands? nay, said he, but if ye will tell me. this is,
said he, the holy dish wherein i ate the lamb on sheer-thursday. and
now hast thou seen that thou most desired to see, but yet hast thou not
seen it so openly as thou shalt see it in the city of sarras in the
spiritual place. therefore thou must go hence and bear with thee this
holy vessel; for this night it shall depart from the realm of logris,
that it shall never be seen more here. and wottest thou wherefore? for
he is not served nor worshipped to his right by them of this land, for
they be turned to evil living; therefore i shall disherit them of the
honour which i have done them. and therefore go ye three to-morrow unto
the sea, where ye shall find your ship ready, and with you take the
sword with the strange girdles, and no more with you but sir percivale
and sir bors. also i will that ye take with you of the blood of this
spear for to anoint the maimed king, both his legs and all his body,
and he shall have his health. sir, said galahad, why shall not these
other fellows go with us? for this cause: for right as i departed my
apostles one here and another there, so i will that ye depart; and two
of you shall die in my service, but one of you shall come again and
tell tidings. then gave he them his blessing and vanished away.




chapter xxi. how galahad anointed with the blood of the spear the
maimed king, and of other adventures.


and galahad went anon to the spear which lay upon the table, and
touched the blood with his fingers, and came after to the maimed king
and anointed his legs.

and therewith he clothed him anon, and start upon his feet out of his
bed as an whole man, and thanked our lord that he had healed him. and
that was not to the worldward, for anon he yielded him to a place of
religion of white monks, and was a full holy man.

that same night about midnight came a voice among them which said: my
sons and not my chief sons, my friends and not my warriors, go ye hence
where ye hope best to do and as i bade you.

ah, thanked be thou, lord, that thou wilt vouchsafe to call us, thy
sinners. now may we well prove that we have not lost our pains.

and anon in all haste they took their harness and departed.

but the three knights of gaul, one of them hight claudine, king
claudas’ son, and the other two were great gentlemen. then prayed
galahad to everych of them, that if they come to king arthur’s court
that they should salute my lord, sir launcelot, my father, and all them
of the round table; and prayed them if that they came on that part that
they should not forget it.

right so departed galahad, percivale and bors with him; and so they
rode three days, and then they came to a rivage, and found the ship
whereof the tale speaketh of to-fore. and when they came to the board
they found in the midst the table of silver which they had left with
the maimed king, and the sangreal which was covered with red samite.

then were they glad to have such things in their fellowship; and so
they entered and made great reverence thereto; and galahad fell in his
prayer long time to our lord, that at what time he asked, that he
should pass out of this world.

so much he prayed till a voice said to him: galahad, thou shalt have
thy request; and when thou askest the death of thy body thou shalt have
it, and then shalt thou find the life of the soul.

percivale heard this, and prayed him, of fellowship that was between
them, to tell him wherefore he asked such things.

that shall i tell you, said galahad; the other day when we saw a part
of the adventures of the sangreal i was in such a joy of heart, that i
trow never man was that was earthly. and therefore i wot well, when my
body is dead my soul shall be in great joy to see the blessed trinity
every day, and the majesty of our lord, jesu christ.

so long were they in the ship that they said to galahad: sir, in this
bed ought ye to lie, for so saith the scripture. and so he laid him
down and slept a great while; and when he awaked he looked afore him
and saw the city of sarras. and as they would have landed they saw the
ship wherein percivale had put his sister in. truly, said percivale, in
the name of god, well hath my sister holden us covenant. then took they
out of the ship the table of silver, and he took it to percivale and to
bors, to go to-fore, and galahad came behind. and right so they went to
the city, and at the gate of the city they saw an old man crooked. then
galahad called him and bade him help to bear this heavy thing. truly,
said the old man, it is ten year ago that i might not go but with
crutches. care thou not, said galahad, and arise up and shew thy good
will. and so he assayed, and found himself as whole as ever he was.
than ran he to the table, and took one part against galahad. and anon
arose there great noise in the city, that a cripple was made whole by
knights marvellous that entered into the city.

then anon after, the three knights went to the water, and brought up
into the palace percivale’s sister, and buried her as richly as a
king’s daughter ought to be. and when the king of the city, which was
cleped estorause, saw the fellowship, he asked them of whence they
were, and what thing it was that they had brought upon the table of
silver. and they told him the truth of the sangreal, and the power
which that god had sent there. then the king was a tyrant, and was come
of the line of paynims, and took them and put them in prison in a deep
hole.




chapter xxii. how they were fed with the sangreal while they were in
prison, and how galahad was made king.


but as soon as they were there our lord sent them the sangreal, through
whose grace they were always fulfilled while that they were in prison.

so at the year’s end it befell that this king estorause lay sick, and
felt that he should die. then he sent for the three knights, and they
came afore him; and he cried them mercy of that he had done to them,
and they forgave it him goodly; and he died anon. when the king was
dead all the city was dismayed, and wist not who might be their king.
right so as they were in counsel there came a voice among them, and
bade them choose the youngest knight of them three to be their king:
for he shall well maintain you and all yours. so they made galahad king
by all the assent of the holy city, and else they would have slain him.
and when he was come to behold the land, he let make above the table of
silver a chest of gold and of precious stones, that hilled the holy
vessel. and every day early the three fellows would come afore it, and
make their prayers.

now at the year’s end, and the self day after galahad had borne the
crown of gold, he arose up early and his fellows, and came to the
palace, and saw to-fore them the holy vessel, and a man kneeling on his
knees in likeness of a bishop, that had about him a great fellowship of
angels, as it had been jesu christ himself; and then he arose and began
a mass of our lady. and when he came to the sacrament of the mass, and
had done, anon he called galahad, and said to him: come forth the
servant of jesu christ, and thou shalt see that thou hast much desired
to see. and then he began to tremble right hard when the deadly flesh
began to behold the spiritual things. then he held up his hands toward
heaven and said: lord, i thank thee, for now i see that that hath been
my desire many a day. now, blessed lord, would i not longer live, if it
might please thee, lord. and therewith the good man took our lord’s
body betwixt his hands, and proffered it to galahad, and he received it
right gladly and meekly. now wottest thou what i am? said the good man.
nay, said galahad. i am joseph of aramathie, the which our lord hath
sent here to thee to bear thee fellowship; and wottest thou wherefore
that he hath sent me more than any other? for thou hast resembled me in
two things; in that thou hast seen the marvels of the sangreal, in that
thou hast been a clean maiden, as i have been and am.

and when he had said these words galahad went to percivale and kissed
him, and commended him to god; and so he went to sir bors and kissed
him, and commended him to god, and said: fair lord, salute me to my
lord, sir launcelot, my father, and as soon as ye see him, bid him
remember of this unstable world. and therewith he kneeled down to-fore
the table and made his prayers, and then suddenly his soul departed to
jesu christ, and a great multitude of angels bare his soul up to
heaven, that the two fellows might well behold it. also the two fellows
saw come from heaven an hand, but they saw not the body. and then it
came right to the vessel, and took it and the spear, and so bare it up
to heaven. sithen was there never man so hardy to say that he had seen
the sangreal.




chapter xxiii. of the sorrow that percivale and bors made when galahad
was dead: and of percivale how he died, and other matters.


when percivale and bors saw galahad dead they made as much sorrow as
ever did two men. and if they had not been good men they might lightly
have fallen in despair. and the people of the country and of the city
were right heavy. and then he was buried; and as soon as he was buried
sir percivale yielded him to an hermitage out of the city, and took a
religious clothing. and bors was alway with him, but never changed he
his secular clothing, for that he purposed him to go again into the
realm of logris. thus a year and two months lived sir percivale in the
hermitage a full holy life, and then passed out of this world; and bors
let bury him by his sister and by galahad in the spiritualities.

when bors saw that he was in so far countries as in the parts of
babylon he departed from sarras, and armed him and came to the sea, and
entered into a ship; and so it befell him in good adventure he came
into the realm of logris; and he rode so fast till he came to camelot
where the king was. and then was there great joy made of him in the
court, for they weened all he had been dead, forasmuch as he had been
so long out of the country. and when they had eaten, the king made
great clerks to come afore him, that they should chronicle of the high
adventures of the good knights. when bors had told him of the
adventures of the sangreal, such as had befallen him and his three
fellows, that was launcelot, percivale, galahad, and himself, there
launcelot told the adventures of the sangreal that he had seen. all
this was made in great books, and put up in almeries at salisbury. and
anon sir bors said to sir launcelot: galahad, your own son, saluted you
by me, and after you king arthur and all the court, and so did sir
percivale, for i buried them with mine own hands in the city of sarras.
also, sir launcelot, galahad prayed you to remember of this unsiker
world as ye behight him when ye were together more than half a year.
this is true, said launcelot; now i trust to god his prayer shall avail
me.

then launcelot took sir bors in his arms, and said: gentle cousin, ye
are right welcome to me, and all that ever i may do for you and for
yours ye shall find my poor body ready at all times, while the spirit
is in it, and that i promise you faithfully, and never to fail. and wit
ye well, gentle cousin, sir bors, that ye and i will never depart
asunder whilst our lives may last. sir, said he, i will as ye will.

_thus endeth the history of the sangreal, that was briefly drawn out of
french into english, the which is a story chronicled for one of the
truest and the holiest that is in this world, the which is the xvii
book._

_and here followeth the eighteenth book._




book xviii.




chapter i. of the joy king arthur and the queen had of the achievement
of the sangreal; and how launcelot fell to his old love again.


so after the quest of the sangreal was fulfilled, and all knights that
were left alive were come again unto the table round, as the book of
the sangreal maketh mention, then was there great joy in the court; and
in especial king arthur and queen guenever made great joy of the
remnant that were come home, and passing glad was the king and the
queen of sir launcelot and of sir bors, for they had been passing long
away in the quest of the sangreal.

then, as the book saith, sir launcelot began to resort unto queen
guenever again, and forgat the promise and the perfection that he made
in the quest. for, as the book saith, had not sir launcelot been in his
privy thoughts and in his mind so set inwardly to the queen as he was
in seeming outward to god, there had no knight passed him in the quest
of the sangreal; but ever his thoughts were privily on the queen, and
so they loved together more hotter than they did to-forehand, and had
such privy draughts together, that many in the court spake of it, and
in especial sir agravaine, sir gawaine’s brother, for he was ever
open-mouthed.

so befell that sir launcelot had many resorts of ladies and damosels
that daily resorted unto him, that besought him to be their champion,
and in all such matters of right sir launcelot applied him daily to do
for the pleasure of our lord, jesu christ. and ever as much as he might
he withdrew him from the company and fellowship of queen guenever, for
to eschew the slander and noise; wherefore the queen waxed wroth with
sir launcelot. and upon a day she called sir launcelot unto her
chamber, and said thus: sir launcelot, i see and feel daily that thy
love beginneth to slake, for thou hast no joy to be in my presence, but
ever thou art out of this court, and quarrels and matters thou hast
nowadays for ladies and gentlewomen more than ever thou wert wont to
have aforehand.

ah madam, said launcelot, in this ye must hold me excused for divers
causes; one is, i was but late in the quest of the sangreal; and i
thank god of his great mercy, and never of my desert, that i saw in
that my quest as much as ever saw any sinful man, and so was it told
me. and if i had not had my privy thoughts to return to your love again
as i do, i had seen as great mysteries as ever saw my son galahad,
outher percivale, or sir bors; and therefore, madam, i was but late in
that quest. wit ye well, madam, it may not be yet lightly forgotten the
high service in whom i did my diligent labour. also, madam, wit ye well
that there be many men speak of our love in this court, and have you
and me greatly in await, as sir agravaine and sir mordred; and madam,
wit ye well i dread them more for your sake than for any fear i have of
them myself, for i may happen to escape and rid myself in a great need,
where ye must abide all that will be said unto you. and then if that ye
fall in any distress through wilful folly, then is there none other
remedy or help but by me and my blood. and wit ye well, madam, the
boldness of you and me will bring us to great shame and slander; and
that were me loath to see you dishonoured. and that is the cause i take
upon me more for to do for damosels and maidens than ever i did
to-fore, that men should understand my joy and my delight is my
pleasure to have ado for damosels and maidens.




chapter ii. how the queen commanded sir launcelot to avoid the court,
and of the sorrow that launcelot made.


all this while the queen stood still and let sir launcelot say what he
would. and when he had all said she brast out a-weeping, and so she
sobbed and wept a great while. and when she might speak she said:
launcelot, now i well understand that thou art a false recreant knight
and a common lecher, and lovest and holdest other ladies, and by me
thou hast disdain and scorn. for wit thou well, she said, now i
understand thy falsehood, and therefore shall i never love thee no
more. and never be thou so hardy to come in my sight; and right here i
discharge thee this court, that thou never come within it; and i
forfend thee my fellowship, and upon pain of thy head that thou see me
no more. right so sir launcelot departed with great heaviness, that
unnethe he might sustain himself for great dole-making.

then he called sir bors, sir ector de maris, and sir lionel, and told
them how the queen had forfended him the court, and so he was in will
to depart into his own country. fair sir, said sir bors de ganis, ye
shall not depart out of this land by mine advice. ye must remember in
what honour ye are renowned, and called the noblest knight of the
world; and many great matters ye have in hand. and women in their
hastiness will do ofttimes that sore repenteth them; and therefore by
mine advice ye shall take your horse, and ride to the good hermitage
here beside windsor, that sometime was a good knight, his name is sir
brasias, and there shall ye abide till i send you word of better
tidings. brother, said sir launcelot, wit ye well i am full loath to
depart out of this realm, but the queen hath defended me so highly,
that meseemeth she will never be my good lady as she hath been. say ye
never so, said sir bors, for many times or this time she hath been
wroth with you, and after it she was the first that repented it. ye say
well, said launcelot, for now will i do by your counsel, and take mine
horse and my harness, and ride to the hermit sir brasias, and there
will i repose me until i hear some manner of tidings from you; but,
fair brother, i pray you get me the love of my lady, queen guenever, an
ye may. sir, said sir bors, ye need not to move me of such matters, for
well ye wot i will do what i may to please you.

and then the noble knight, sir launcelot, departed with right heavy
cheer suddenly, that none earthly creature wist of him, nor where he
was become, but sir bors. so when sir launcelot was departed, the queen
outward made no manner of sorrow in showing to none of his blood nor to
none other. but wit ye well, inwardly, as the book saith, she took
great thought, but she bare it out with a proud countenance as though
she felt nothing nor danger.




chapter iii. how at a dinner that the queen made there was a knight
enpoisoned, which sir mador laid on the queen.


and then the queen let make a privy dinner in london unto the knights
of the round table. and all was for to show outward that she had as
great joy in all other knights of the table round as she had in sir
launcelot. all only at that dinner she had sir gawaine and his
brethren, that is for to say sir agravaine, sir gaheris, sir gareth,
and sir mordred. also there was sir bors de ganis, sir blamore de
ganis, sir bleoberis de ganis, sir galihud, sir galihodin, sir ector de
maris, sir lionel, sir palomides, safere his brother, sir la cote male
taile, sir persant, sir ironside, sir brandiles, sir kay le seneschal,
sir mador de la porte, sir patrise, a knight of ireland, aliduk, sir
astamore, and sir pinel le savage, the which was cousin to sir lamorak
de galis, the good knight that sir gawaine and his brethren slew by
treason. and so these four-and-twenty knights should dine with the
queen in a privy place by themself, and there was made a great feast of
all manner of dainties.

but sir gawaine had a custom that he used daily at dinner and at
supper, that he loved well all manner of fruit, and in especial apples
and pears. and therefore whosomever dined or feasted sir gawaine would
commonly purvey for good fruit for him, and so did the queen for to
please sir gawaine; she let purvey for him all manner of fruit, for sir
gawaine was a passing hot knight of nature. and this pinel hated sir
gawaine because of his kinsman sir lamorak de galis; and therefore for
pure envy and hate sir pinel enpoisoned certain apples for to enpoison
sir gawaine. and so this was well unto the end of the meat; and so it
befell by misfortune a good knight named patrise, cousin unto sir mador
de la porte, to take a poisoned apple. and when he had eaten it he
swelled so till he brast, and there sir patrise fell down suddenly dead
among them.

then every knight leapt from the board ashamed, and araged for wrath,
nigh out of their wits. for they wist not what to say; considering
queen guenever made the feast and dinner, they all had suspicion unto
her. my lady, the queen, said gawaine, wit ye well, madam, that this
dinner was made for me, for all folks that know my condition understand
that i love well fruit, and now i see well i had near been slain;
therefore, madam, i dread me lest ye will be shamed. then the queen
stood still and was sore abashed, that she nist not what to say. this
shall not so be ended, said sir mador de la porte, for here have i lost
a full noble knight of my blood; and therefore upon this shame and
despite i will be revenged to the utterance. and there openly sir mador
appealed the queen of the death of his cousin, sir patrise. then stood
they all still, that none would speak a word against him, for they all
had great suspicion unto the queen because she let make that dinner.
and the queen was so abashed that she could none other ways do, but
wept so heartily that she fell in a swoon. with this noise and cry came
to them king arthur, and when he wist of that trouble he was a passing
heavy man.




chapter iv. how sir mador appeached the queen of treason, and there was
no knight would fight for her at the first time.


and ever sir mador stood still afore the king, and ever he appealed the
queen of treason; for the custom was such that time that all manner of
shameful death was called treason. fair lords, said king arthur, me
repenteth of this trouble, but the case is so i may not have ado in
this matter, for i must be a rightful judge; and that repenteth me that
i may not do battle for my wife, for as i deem this deed came never by
her. and therefore i suppose she shall not be all distained, but that
some good knight shall put his body in jeopardy for my queen rather
than she shall be brent in a wrong quarrel. and therefore, sir mador,
be not so hasty, for it may happen she shall not be all friendless; and
therefore desire thou thy day of battle, and she shall purvey her of
some good knight that shall answer you, or else it were to me great
shame, and to all my court.

my gracious lord, said sir mador, ye must hold me excused, for though
ye be our king in that degree, ye are but a knight as we are, and ye
are sworn unto knighthood as well as we; and therefore i beseech you
that ye be not displeased, for there is none of the four-and-twenty
knights that were bidden to this dinner but all they have great
suspicion unto the queen. what say ye all, my lords? said sir mador.
then they answered by and by that they could not excuse the queen; for
why she made the dinner, and either it must come by her or by her
servants. alas, said the queen, i made this dinner for a good intent,
and never for none evil, so almighty god me help in my right, as i was
never purposed to do such evil deeds, and that i report me unto god.

my lord, the king, said sir mador, i require you as ye be a righteous
king give me a day that i may have justice. well, said the king, i give
the day this day fifteen days that thou be ready armed on horseback in
the meadow beside westminster. and if it so fall that there be any
knight to encounter with you, there mayst thou do the best, and god
speed the right. and if it so fall that there be no knight at that day,
then must my queen be burnt, and there she shall be ready to have her
judgment. i am answered, said sir mador. and every knight went where it
liked them.

so when the king and the queen were together the king asked the queen
how this case befell. the queen answered: so god me help, i wot not how
or in what manner. where is sir launcelot? said king arthur; an he were
here he would not grudge to do battle for you. sir, said the queen, i
wot not where he is, but his brother and his kinsmen deem that he be
not within this realm. that me repenteth, said king arthur, for an he
were here he would soon stint this strife. then i will counsel you,
said the king, and unto sir bors: that ye will do battle for her for
sir launcelot’s sake, and upon my life he will not refuse you. for well
i see, said the king, that none of these four-and-twenty knights that
were with you at your dinner where sir patrise was slain, that will do
battle for you, nor none of them will say well of you, and that shall
be a great slander for you in this court. alas, said the queen, and i
may not do withal, but now i miss sir launcelot, for an he were here he
would put me soon to my heart’s ease. what aileth you, said the king,
ye cannot keep sir launcelot upon your side? for wit ye well, said the
king, who that hath sir launcelot upon his part hath the most man of
worship in the world upon his side. now go your way, said the king unto
the queen, and require sir bors to do battle for you for sir
launcelot’s sake.




chapter v. how the queen required sir bors to fight for her, and how he
granted upon condition; and how he warned sir launcelot thereof.


so the queen departed from the king, and sent for sir bors into her
chamber. and when he was come she besought him of succour. madam, said
he, what would ye that i did? for i may not with my worship have ado in
this matter, because i was at the same dinner, for dread that any of
those knights would have me in suspicion. also, madam, said sir bors,
now miss ye sir launcelot, for he would not have failed you neither in
right nor in wrong, as ye have well proved when ye have been in danger;
and now ye have driven him out of this country, by whom ye and all we
were daily worshipped by; therefore, madam, i marvel how ye dare for
shame require me to do any thing for you, in so much ye have chased him
out of your country by whom we were borne up and honoured. alas, fair
knight, said the queen, i put me wholly in your grace, and all that is
done amiss i will amend as ye will counsel me. and therewith she
kneeled down upon both her knees, and besought sir bors to have mercy
upon her: outher i shall have a shameful death, and thereto i never
offended.

right so came king arthur, and found the queen kneeling afore sir bors;
then sir bors pulled her up, and said: madam, ye do me great dishonour.
ah, gentle knight, said the king, have mercy upon my queen, courteous
knight, for i am now in certain she is untruly defamed. and therefore,
courteous knight, said the king, promise her to do battle for her, i
require you for the love of sir launcelot. my lord, said sir bors, ye
require me the greatest thing that any man may require me; and wit ye
well if i grant to do battle for the queen i shall wrath many of my
fellowship of the table round. but as for that, said bors, i will grant
my lord that for my lord sir launcelot’s sake, and for your sake i will
at that day be the queen’s champion unless that there come by adventure
a better knight than i am to do battle for her. will ye promise me
this, said the king, by your faith? yea sir, said sir bors, of that i
will not fail you, nor her both, but if there come a better knight than
i am, and then shall he have the battle. then was the king and the
queen passing glad, and so departed, and thanked him heartily.

so then sir bors departed secretly upon a day, and rode unto sir
launcelot thereas he was with the hermit, sir brasias, and told him of
all their adventure. ah jesu, said sir launcelot, this is come happily
as i would have it, and therefore i pray you make you ready to do
battle, but look that ye tarry till ye see me come, as long as ye may.
for i am sure mador is an hot knight when he is enchafed, for the more
ye suffer him the hastier will he be to battle. sir, said bors, let me
deal with him, doubt ye not ye shall have all your will. then departed
sir bors from him and came to the court again. then was it noised in
all the court that sir bors should do battle for the queen; wherefore
many knights were displeased with him, that he would take upon him to
do battle in the queen’s quarrel; for there were but few knights in all
the court but they deemed the queen was in the wrong, and that she had
done that treason.

so sir bors answered thus to his fellows of the table round: wit ye
well, my fair lords, it were shame to us all an we suffered to see the
most noble queen of the world to be shamed openly, considering her lord
and our lord is the man of most worship in the world, and most
christened, and he hath ever worshipped us all in all places. many
answered him again: as for our most noble king arthur, we love him and
honour him as well as ye do, but as for queen guenever we love her not,
because she is a destroyer of good knights. fair lords, said sir bors,
meseemeth ye say not as ye should say, for never yet in my days knew i
never nor heard say that ever she was a destroyer of any good knight.
but at all times as far as ever i could know she was a maintainer of
good knights; and ever she hath been large and free of her goods to all
good knights, and the most bounteous lady of her gifts and her good
grace, that ever i saw or heard speak of. and therefore it were shame,
said sir bors, to us all to our most noble king’s wife, an we suffered
her to be shamefully slain. and wit ye well, said sir bors, i will not
suffer it, for i dare say so much, the queen is not guilty of sir
patrise’s death, for she owed him never none ill will, nor none of the
four-and-twenty knights that were at that dinner; for i dare say for
good love she bade us to dinner, and not for no mal engine, and that i
doubt not shall be proved hereafter, for howsomever the game goeth,
there was treason among us. then some said to sir bors: we may well
believe your words. and so some of them were well pleased, and some
were not so.




chapter vi. how at the day sir bors made him ready for to fight for the
queen; and when he would fight how another discharged him.


the day came on fast until the even that the battle should be. then the
queen sent for sir bors and asked him how he was disposed. truly madam,
said he, i am disposed in likewise as i promised you, that is for to
say i shall not fail you, unless by adventure there come a better
knight than i am to do battle for you, then, madam, am i discharged of
my promise. will ye, said the queen, that i tell my lord arthur thus?
do as it shall please you, madam. then the queen went unto the king and
told him the answer of sir bors. have ye no doubt, said the king, of
sir bors, for i call him now one of the best knights of the world, and
the most profitablest man. and thus it passed on until the morn, and
the king and the queen and all manner of knights that were there at
that time drew them unto the meadow beside westminster where the battle
should be. and so when the king was come with the queen and many
knights of the round table, then the queen was put there in the
constable’s ward, and a great fire made about an iron stake, that an
sir mador de la porte had the better, she should be burnt: such custom
was used in those days, that neither for favour, neither for love nor
affinity, there should be none other but righteous judgment, as well
upon a king as upon a knight, and as well upon a queen as upon another
poor lady.

so in this meanwhile came in sir mador de la porte, and took his oath
afore the king, that the queen did this treason until his cousin sir
patrise, and unto his oath he would prove it with his body, hand for
hand, who that would say the contrary. right so came in sir bors de
ganis, and said: that as for queen guenever she is in the right, and
that will i make good with my hands that she is not culpable of this
treason that is put upon her. then make thee ready, said sir mador, and
we shall prove whether thou be in the right or i. sir mador, said sir
bors, wit thou well i know you for a good knight. not for then i shall
not fear you so greatly, but i trust to god i shall be able to
withstand your malice. but this much have i promised my lord arthur and
my lady the queen, that i shall do battle for her in this case to the
uttermost, unless that there come a better knight than i am and
discharge me. is that all? said sir mador, either come thou off and do
battle with me, or else say nay. take your horse, said sir bors, and as
i suppose, ye shall not tarry long but ye shall be answered.

then either departed to their tents and made them ready to horseback as
they thought best. and anon sir mador came into the field with his
shield on his shoulder and his spear in his hand; and so rode about the
place crying unto arthur: bid your champion come forth an he dare. then
was sir bors ashamed and took his horse and came to the lists’ end. and
then was he ware where came from a wood there fast by a knight all
armed, upon a white horse, with a strange shield of strange arms; and
he came riding all that he might run, and so he came to sir bors, and
said thus: fair knight, i pray you be not displeased, for here must a
better knight than ye are have this battle, therefore i pray you
withdraw you. for wit ye well i have had this day a right great
journey, and this battle ought to be mine, and so i promised you when i
spake with you last, and with all my heart i thank you of your good
will. then sir bors rode unto king arthur and told him how there was a
knight come that would have the battle for to fight for the queen. what
knight is he? said the king. i wot not, said sir bors, but such
covenant he made with me to be here this day. now my lord, said sir
bors, here am i discharged.




chapter vii. how sir launcelot fought against sir mador for the queen,
and how he overcame sir mador, and discharged the queen.


then the king called to that knight, and asked him if he would fight
for the queen. then he answered to the king: therefore came i hither,
and therefore, sir king, he said, tarry me no longer, for i may not
tarry. for anon as i have finished this battle i must depart hence, for
i have ado many matters elsewhere. for wit you well, said that knight,
this is dishonour to you all knights of the round table, to see and
know so noble a lady and so courteous a queen as queen guenever is,
thus to be rebuked and shamed amongst you. then they all marvelled what
knight that might be that so took the battle upon him. for there was
not one that knew him, but if it were sir bors.

then said sir mador de la porte unto the king: now let me wit with whom
i shall have ado withal. and then they rode to the lists’ end, and
there they couched their spears, and ran together with all their might,
and sir mador’s spear brake all to pieces, but the other’s spear held,
and bare sir mador’s horse and all backward to the earth a great fall.
but mightily and suddenly he avoided his horse and put his shield afore
him, and then drew his sword, and bade the other knight alight and do
battle with him on foot. then that knight descended from his horse
lightly like a valiant man, and put his shield afore him and drew his
sword; and so they came eagerly unto battle, and either gave other many
great strokes, tracing and traversing, racing and foining, and hurtling
together with their swords as it were wild boars. thus were they
fighting nigh an hour, for this sir mador was a strong knight, and
mightily proved in many strong battles. but at the last this knight
smote sir mador grovelling upon the earth, and the knight stepped near
him to have pulled sir mador flatling upon the ground; and therewith
suddenly sir mador arose, and in his rising he smote that knight
through the thick of the thighs that the blood ran out fiercely. and
when he felt himself so wounded, and saw his blood, he let him arise
upon his feet. and then he gave him such a buffet upon the helm that he
fell to the earth flatling, and therewith he strode to him to have
pulled off his helm off his head. and then sir mador prayed that knight
to save his life, and so he yielded him as overcome, and released the
queen of his quarrel. i will not grant thee thy life, said that knight,
only that thou freely release the queen for ever, and that no mention
be made upon sir patrise’s tomb that ever queen guenever consented to
that treason. all this shall be done, said sir mador, i clearly
discharge my quarrel for ever.

then the knights parters of the lists took up sir mador, and led him to
his tent, and the other knight went straight to the stair-foot where
sat king arthur; and by that time was the queen come to the king, and
either kissed other heartily. and when the king saw that knight, he
stooped down to him, and thanked him, and in likewise did the queen;
and the king prayed him to put off his helmet, and to repose him, and
to take a sop of wine. and then he put off his helm to drink, and then
every knight knew him that it was sir launcelot du lake. anon as the
king wist that, he took the queen in his hand, and yode unto sir
launcelot, and said: sir, grant mercy of your great travail that ye
have had this day for me and for my queen. my lord, said sir launcelot,
wit ye well i ought of right ever to be in your quarrel, and in my lady
the queen’s quarrel, to do battle; for ye are the man that gave me the
high order of knighthood, and that day my lady, your queen, did me
great worship, and else i had been shamed; for that same day ye made me
knight, through my hastiness i lost my sword, and my lady, your queen,
found it, and lapped it in her train, and gave me my sword when i had
need thereto, and else had i been shamed among all knights; and
therefore, my lord arthur, i promised her at that day ever to be her
knight in right outher in wrong. grant mercy, said the king, for this
journey; and wit ye well, said the king, i shall acquit your goodness.

and ever the queen beheld sir launcelot, and wept so tenderly that she
sank almost to the ground for sorrow that he had done to her so great
goodness where she shewed him great unkindness. then the knights of his
blood drew unto him, and there either of them made great joy of other.
and so came all the knights of the table round that were there at that
time, and welcomed him. and then sir mador was had to leech-craft, and
sir launcelot was healed of his wound. and then there was made great
joy and mirths in that court.




chapter viii. how the truth was known by the maiden of the lake, and of
divers other matters.


and so it befell that the damosel of the lake, her name was nimue, the
which wedded the good knight sir pelleas, and so she came to the court;
for ever she did great goodness unto king arthur and to all his knights
through her sorcery and enchantments. and so when she heard how the
queen was an-angered for the death of sir patrise, then she told it
openly that she was never guilty; and there she disclosed by whom it
was done, and named him, sir pinel; and for what cause he did it, there
it was openly disclosed; and so the queen was excused, and the knight
pinel fled into his country. then was it openly known that sir pinel
enpoisoned the apples at the feast to that intent to have destroyed sir
gawaine, because sir gawaine and his brethren destroyed sir lamorak de
galis, to the which sir pinel was cousin unto. then was sir patrise
buried in the church of westminster in a tomb, and thereupon was
written: here lieth sir patrise of ireland, slain by sir pinel le
savage, that enpoisoned apples to have slain sir gawaine, and by
misfortune sir patrise ate one of those apples, and then suddenly he
brast. also there was written upon the tomb that queen guenever was
appealed of treason of the death of sir patrise, by sir mador de la
porte; and there was made mention how sir launcelot fought with him for
queen guenever, and overcame him in plain battle. all this was written
upon the tomb of sir patrise in excusing of the queen. and then sir
mador sued daily and long, to have the queen’s good grace; and so by
the means of sir launcelot he caused him to stand in the queen’s good
grace, and all was forgiven.

thus it passed on till our lady day, assumption. within a fifteen days
of that feast the king let cry a great jousts and a tournament that
should be at that day at camelot, that is winchester; and the king let
cry that he and the king of scots would joust against all that would
come against them. and when this cry was made, thither came many
knights. so there came thither the king of northgalis, and king anguish
of ireland, and the king with the hundred knights, and galahad, the
haut prince, and the king of northumberland, and many other noble dukes
and earls of divers countries. so king arthur made him ready to depart
to these jousts, and would have had the queen with him, but at that
time she would not, she said, for she was sick and might not ride at
that time. that me repenteth, said the king, for this seven year ye saw
not such a noble fellowship together except at whitsuntide when galahad
departed from the court. truly, said the queen to the king, ye must
hold me excused, i may not be there, and that me repenteth. and many
deemed the queen would not be there because of sir launcelot du lake,
for sir launcelot would not ride with the king, for he said that he was
not whole of the wound the which sir mador had given him; wherefore the
king was heavy and passing wroth. and so he departed toward winchester
with his fellowship; and so by the way the king lodged in a town called
astolat, that is now in english called guildford, and there the king
lay in the castle.

so when the king was departed the queen called sir launcelot to her,
and said thus: sir launcelot, ye are greatly to blame thus to hold you
behind my lord; what, trow ye, what will your enemies and mine say and
deem? nought else but, see how sir launcelot holdeth him ever behind
the king, and so doth the queen, for that they would have their
pleasure together. and thus will they say, said the queen to sir
launcelot, have ye no doubt thereof.




chapter ix. how sir launcelot rode to astolat, and received a sleeve to
wear upon his helm at the request of a maid.


madam, said sir launcelot, i allow your wit, it is of late come since
ye were wise. and therefore, madam, at this time i will be ruled by
your counsel, and this night i will take my rest, and to-morrow by time
i will take my way toward winchester. but wit you well, said sir
launcelot to the queen, that at that jousts i will be against the king,
and against all his fellowship. ye may there do as ye list, said the
queen, but by my counsel ye shall not be against your king and your
fellowship. for therein be full many hard knights of your blood, as ye
wot well enough, it needeth not to rehearse them. madam, said sir
launcelot, i pray you that ye be not displeased with me, for i will
take the adventure that god will send me.

and so upon the morn early sir launcelot heard mass and brake his fast,
and so took his leave of the queen and departed. and then he rode so
much until he came to astolat, that is guildford; and there it happed
him in the eventide he came to an old baron’s place that hight sir
bernard of astolat. and as sir launcelot entered into his lodging, king
arthur espied him as he did walk in a garden beside the castle, how he
took his lodging, and knew him full well. it is well, said king arthur
unto the knights that were with him in that garden beside the castle, i
have now espied one knight that will play his play at the jousts to the
which we be gone toward; i undertake he will do marvels. who is that,
we pray you tell us? said many knights that were there at that time. ye
shall not wit for me, said the king, as at this time. and so the king
smiled, and went to his lodging.

so when sir launcelot was in his lodging, and unarmed him in his
chamber, the old baron and hermit came to him making his reverence, and
welcomed him in the best manner; but the old knight knew not sir
launcelot. fair sir, said sir launcelot to his host, i would pray you
to lend me a shield that were not openly known, for mine is well known.
sir, said his host, ye shall have your desire, for meseemeth ye be one
of the likeliest knights of the world, and therefore i shall shew you
friendship. sir, wit you well i have two sons that were but late made
knights, and the eldest hight sir tirre, and he was hurt that same day
he was made knight, that he may not ride, and his shield ye shall have;
for that is not known i dare say but here, and in no place else. and my
youngest son hight lavaine, and if it please you, he shall ride with
you unto that jousts; and he is of his age strong and wight, for much
my heart giveth unto you that ye should be a noble knight, therefore i
pray you, tell me your name, said sir bernard. as for that, said sir
launcelot, ye must hold me excused as at this time, and if god give me
grace to speed well at the jousts i shall come again and tell you. but
i pray you, said sir launcelot, in any wise let me have your son, sir
lavaine, with me, and that i may have his brother’s shield. all this
shall be done, said sir bernard.

this old baron had a daughter that was called that time the fair maiden
of astolat. and ever she beheld sir launcelot wonderfully; and as the
book saith, she cast such a love unto sir launcelot that she could
never withdraw her love, wherefore she died, and her name was elaine le
blank. so thus as she came to and fro she was so hot in her love that
she besought sir launcelot to wear upon him at the jousts a token of
hers. fair damosel, said sir launcelot, an if i grant you that, ye may
say i do more for your love than ever i did for lady or damosel. then
he remembered him he would go to the jousts disguised. and because he
had never fore that time borne no manner of token of no damosel, then
he bethought him that he would bear one of her, that none of his blood
thereby might know him, and then he said: fair maiden, i will grant you
to wear a token of yours upon mine helmet, and therefore what it is,
shew it me. sir, she said, it is a red sleeve of mine, of scarlet, well
embroidered with great pearls: and so she brought it him. so sir
launcelot received it, and said: never did i erst so much for no
damosel. and then sir launcelot betook the fair maiden his shield in
keeping, and prayed her to keep that until that he came again; and so
that night he had merry rest and great cheer, for ever the damosel
elaine was about sir launcelot all the while she might be suffered.




chapter x. how the tourney began at winchester, and what knights were
at the jousts; and other things.


so upon a day, on the morn, king arthur and all his knights departed,
for their king had tarried three days to abide his noble knights. and
so when the king was ridden, sir launcelot and sir lavaine made them
ready to ride, and either of them had white shields, and the red sleeve
sir launcelot let carry with him. and so they took their leave at sir
bernard, the old baron, and at his daughter, the fair maiden of
astolat. and then they rode so long till that they came to camelot,
that time called winchester; and there was great press of kings, dukes
earls, and barons, and many noble knights. but there sir launcelot was
lodged privily by the means of sir lavaine with a rich burgess, that no
man in that town was ware what they were. and so they reposed them
there till our lady day, assumption, as the great feast should be. so
then trumpets blew unto the field, and king arthur was set on high upon
a scaffold to behold who did best. but as the french book saith, the
king would not suffer sir gawaine to go from him, for never had sir
gawaine the better an sir launcelot were in the field; and many times
was sir gawaine rebuked when launcelot came into any jousts disguised.

then some of the kings, as king anguish of ireland and the king of
scots, were that time turned upon the side of king arthur. and then on
the other party was the king of northgalis, and the king with the
hundred knights, and the king of northumberland, and sir galahad, the
haut prince. but these three kings and this duke were passing weak to
hold against king arthur’s party, for with him were the noblest knights
of the world. so then they withdrew them either party from other, and
every man made him ready in his best manner to do what he might.

then sir launcelot made him ready, and put the red sleeve upon his
head, and fastened it fast; and so sir launcelot and sir lavaine
departed out of winchester privily, and rode until a little leaved wood
behind the party that held against king arthur’s party, and there they
held them still till the parties smote together. and then came in the
king of scots and the king of ireland on arthur’s party, and against
them came the king of northumberland, and the king with the hundred
knights smote down the king of northumberland, and the king with the
hundred knights smote down king anguish of ireland. then sir palomides
that was on arthur’s party encountered with sir galahad, and either of
them smote down other, and either party halp their lords on horseback
again. so there began a strong assail upon both parties. and then came
in sir brandiles, sir sagramore le desirous, sir dodinas le savage, sir
kay le seneschal, sir griflet le fise de dieu, sir mordred, sir meliot
de logris, sir ozanna le cure hardy, sir safere, sir epinogris, sir
galleron of galway. all these fifteen knights were knights of the table
round. so these with more other came in together, and beat aback the
king of northumberland and the king of northgalis. when sir launcelot
saw this, as he hoved in a little leaved wood, then he said unto sir
lavaine: see yonder is a company of good knights, and they hold them
together as boars that were chafed with dogs. that is truth, said sir
lavaine.




chapter xi. how sir launcelot and sir lavaine entered in the field
against them of king arthur’s court, and how launcelot was hurt.


now, said sir launcelot, an ye will help me a little, ye shall see
yonder fellowship that chaseth now these men in our side, that they
shall go as fast backward as they went forward. sir, spare not, said
sir lavaine, for i shall do what i may. then sir launcelot and sir
lavaine came in at the thickest of the press, and there sir launcelot
smote down sir brandiles, sir sagramore, sir dodinas, sir kay, sir
griflet, and all this he did with one spear; and sir lavaine smote down
sir lucan le butler and sir bedevere. and then sir launcelot gat
another spear, and there he smote down sir agravaine, sir gaheris, and
sir mordred, and sir meliot de logris; and sir lavaine smote ozanna le
cure hardy. and then sir launcelot drew his sword, and there he smote
on the right hand and on the left hand, and by great force he unhorsed
sir safere, sir epinogris, and sir galleron; and then the knights of
the table round withdrew them aback, after they had gotten their horses
as well as they might. o mercy jesu, said sir gawaine, what knight is
yonder that doth so marvellous deeds of arms in that field? i wot well
what he is, said king arthur, but as at this time i will not name him.
sir, said sir gawaine, i would say it were sir launcelot by his riding
and his buffets that i see him deal, but ever meseemeth it should not
be he, for that he beareth the red sleeve upon his head; for i wist him
never bear token at no jousts, of lady nor gentlewoman. let him be,
said king arthur, he will be better known, and do more, or ever he
depart.

then the party that was against king arthur were well comforted, and
then they held them together that beforehand were sore rebuked. then
sir bors, sir ector de maris, and sir lionel called unto them the
knights of their blood, as sir blamore de ganis, sir bleoberis, sir
aliduke, sir galihud, sir galihodin, sir bellangere le beuse. so these
nine knights of sir launcelot’s kin thrust in mightily, for they were
all noble knights; and they, of great hate and despite that they had
unto him, thought to rebuke that noble knight sir launcelot, and sir
lavaine, for they knew them not; and so they came hurling together, and
smote down many knights of northgalis and of northumberland. and when
sir launcelot saw them fare so, he gat a spear in his hand; and there
encountered with him all at once sir bors, sir ector, and sir lionel,
and all they three smote him at once with their spears. and with force
of themself they smote sir launcelot’s horse to the earth; and by
misfortune sir bors smote sir launcelot through the shield into the
side, and the spear brake, and the head left still in his side.

when sir lavaine saw his master lie on the ground, he ran to the king
of scots and smote him to the earth; and by great force he took his
horse, and brought him to sir launcelot, and maugre of them all he made
him to mount upon that horse. and then launcelot gat a spear in his
hand, and there he smote sir bors, horse and man, to the earth. in the
same wise he served sir ector and sir lionel; and sir lavaine smote
down sir blamore de ganis. and then sir launcelot drew his sword, for
he felt himself so sore y-hurt that he weened there to have had his
death. and then he smote sir bleoberis such a buffet on the helm that
he fell down to the earth in a swoon. and in the same wise he served
sir aliduke and sir galihud. and sir lavaine smote down sir bellangere,
that was the son of alisander le orphelin.

and by this was sir bors horsed, and then he came with sir ector and
sir lionel, and all they three smote with swords upon sir launcelot’s
helmet. and when he felt their buffets and his wound, the which was so
grievous, then he thought to do what he might while he might endure.
and then he gave sir bors such a buffet that he made him bow his head
passing low; and therewithal he raced off his helm, and might have
slain him; and so pulled him down, and in the same wise he served sir
ector and sir lionel. for as the book saith he might have slain them,
but when he saw their visages his heart might not serve him thereto,
but left them there. and then afterward he hurled into the thickest
press of them all, and did there the marvelloust deeds of arms that
ever man saw or heard speak of, and ever sir lavaine, the good knight,
with him. and there sir launcelot with his sword smote down and pulled
down, as the french book maketh mention, mo than thirty knights, and
the most part were of the table round; and sir lavaine did full well
that day, for he smote down ten knights of the table round.




chapter xii. how sir launcelot and sir lavaine departed out of the
field, and in what jeopardy launcelot was.


mercy jesu, said sir gawaine to arthur, i marvel what knight that he is
with the red sleeve. sir, said king arthur, he will be known or he
depart. and then the king blew unto lodging, and the prize was given by
heralds unto the knight with the white shield that bare the red sleeve.
then came the king with the hundred knights, the king of northgalis,
and the king of northumberland, and sir galahad, the haut prince, and
said unto sir launcelot: fair knight, god thee bless, for much have ye
done this day for us, therefore we pray you that ye will come with us
that ye may receive the honour and the prize as ye have worshipfully
deserved it. my fair lords, said sir launcelot, wit you well if i have
deserved thanks i have sore bought it, and that me repenteth, for i am
like never to escape with my life; therefore, fair lords, i pray you
that ye will suffer me to depart where me liketh, for i am sore hurt. i
take none force of none honour, for i had liefer to repose me than to
be lord of all the world. and therewithal he groaned piteously, and
rode a great wallop away-ward from them until he came under a wood’s
side.

and when he saw that he was from the field nigh a mile, that he was
sure he might not be seen, then he said with an high voice: o gentle
knight, sir lavaine, help me that this truncheon were out of my side,
for it sticketh so sore that it nigh slayeth me. o mine own lord, said
sir lavaine, i would fain do that might please you, but i dread me sore
an i pull out the truncheon that ye shall be in peril of death. i
charge you, said sir launcelot, as ye love me, draw it out. and
therewithal he descended from his horse, and right so did sir lavaine;
and forthwithal sir lavaine drew the truncheon out of his side, and he
gave a great shriek and a marvellous grisly groan, and the blood brast
out nigh a pint at once, that at the last he sank down upon his
buttocks, and so swooned pale and deadly. alas, said sir lavaine, what
shall i do? and then he turned sir launcelot into the wind, but so he
lay there nigh half an hour as he had been dead.

and so at the last sir launcelot cast up his eyes, and said: o lavaine,
help me that i were on my horse, for here is fast by within this two
mile a gentle hermit that sometime was a full noble knight and a great
lord of possessions. and for great goodness he hath taken him to wilful
poverty, and forsaken many lands, and his name is sir baudwin of
brittany, and he is a full noble surgeon and a good leech. now let see,
help me up that i were there, for ever my heart giveth me that i shall
never die of my cousin-germain’s hands. and then with great pain sir
lavaine halp him upon his horse. and then they rode a great wallop
together, and ever sir launcelot bled that it ran down to the earth;
and so by fortune they came to that hermitage the which was under a
wood, and a great cliff on the other side, and a fair water running
under it. and then sir lavaine beat on the gate with the butt of his
spear, and cried fast: let in for jesu’s sake.

and there came a fair child to them, and asked them what they would.
fair son, said sir lavaine, go and pray thy lord, the hermit, for god’s
sake to let in here a knight that is full sore wounded; and this day
tell thy lord i saw him do more deeds of arms than ever i heard say
that any man did. so the child went in lightly, and then he brought the
hermit, the which was a passing good man. when sir lavaine saw him he
prayed him for god’s sake of succour. what knight is he? said the
hermit. is he of the house of king arthur, or not? i wot not, said sir
lavaine, what is he, nor what is his name, but well i wot i saw him do
marvellously this day as of deeds of arms. on whose party was he? said
the hermit. sir, said sir lavaine, he was this day against king arthur,
and there he won the prize of all the knights of the round table. i
have seen the day, said the hermit, i would have loved him the worse
because he was against my lord, king arthur, for sometime i was one of
the fellowship of the round table, but i thank god now i am otherwise
disposed. but where is he? let me see him. then sir lavaine brought the
hermit to him.




chapter xiii. how launcelot was brought to an hermit for to be healed
of his wound, and of other matters.


and when the hermit beheld him, as he sat leaning upon his saddle-bow
ever bleeding piteously, and ever the knight-hermit thought that he
should know him, but he could not bring him to knowledge because he was
so pale for bleeding. what knight are ye, said the hermit, and where
were ye born? my fair lord, said sir launcelot, i am a stranger and a
knight adventurous, that laboureth throughout many realms for to win
worship. then the hermit advised him better, and saw by a wound on his
cheek that he was sir launcelot. alas, said the hermit, mine own lord
why lain you your name from me? forsooth i ought to know you of right,
for ye are the most noblest knight of the world, for well i know you
for sir launcelot. sir, said he, sith ye know me, help me an ye may,
for god’s sake, for i would be out of this pain at once, either to
death or to life. have ye no doubt, said the hermit, ye shall live and
fare right well. and so the hermit called to him two of his servants,
and so he and his servants bare him into the hermitage, and lightly
unarmed him, and laid him in his bed. and then anon the hermit
staunched his blood, and made him to drink good wine, so that sir
launcelot was well refreshed and knew himself; for in those days it was
not the guise of hermits as is nowadays, for there were none hermits in
those days but that they had been men of worship and of prowess; and
those hermits held great household, and refreshed people that were in
distress.

now turn we unto king arthur, and leave we sir launcelot in the
hermitage. so when the kings were come together on both parties, and
the great feast should be holden, king arthur asked the king of
northgalis and their fellowship, where was that knight that bare the
red sleeve: bring him afore me that he may have his laud, and honour,
and the prize, as it is right. then spake sir galahad, the haut prince,
and the king with the hundred knights: we suppose that knight is
mischieved, and that he is never like to see you nor none of us all,
and that is the greatest pity that ever we wist of any knight. alas,
said arthur, how may this be, is he so hurt? what is his name? said
king arthur. truly, said they all, we know not his name, nor from
whence he came, nor whither he would. alas, said the king, this be to
me the worst tidings that came to me this seven year, for i would not
for all the lands i wield to know and wit it were so that that noble
knight were slain. know ye him? said they all. as for that, said
arthur, whether i know him or know him not, ye shall not know for me
what man he is, but almighty jesu send me good tidings of him. and so
said they all. by my head, said sir gawaine, if it so be that the good
knight be so sore hurt, it is great damage and pity to all this land,
for he is one of the noblest knights that ever i saw in a field handle
a spear or a sword; and if he may be found i shall find him, for i am
sure he nis not far from this town. bear you well, said king arthur, an
ye may find him, unless that he be in such a plight that he may not
wield himself. jesu defend, said sir gawaine, but wit i shall what he
is, an i may find him.

right so sir gawaine took a squire with him upon hackneys, and rode all
about camelot within six or seven mile, but so he came again and could
hear no word of him. then within two days king arthur and all the
fellowship returned unto london again. and so as they rode by the way
it happed sir gawaine at astolat to lodge with sir bernard thereas was
sir launcelot lodged. and so as sir gawaine was in his chamber to
repose him sir bernard, the old baron, came unto him, and his daughter
elaine, to cheer him and to ask him what tidings, and who did best at
that tournament of winchester. so god me help, said sir gawaine, there
were two knights that bare two white shields, but the one of them bare
a red sleeve upon his head, and certainly he was one of the best
knights that ever i saw joust in field. for i dare say, said sir
gawaine, that one knight with the red sleeve smote down forty knights
of the table round, and his fellow did right well and worshipfully. now
blessed be god, said the fair maiden of astolat, that that knight sped
so well, for he is the man in the world that i first loved, and truly
he shall be last that ever i shall love. now, fair maid, said sir
gawaine, is that good knight your love? certainly sir, said she, wit ye
well he is my love. then know ye his name? said sir gawaine. nay truly,
said the damosel, i know not his name nor from whence he cometh, but to
say that i love him, i promise you and god that i love him. how had ye
knowledge of him first? said sir gawaine.




chapter xiv. how sir gawaine was lodged with the lord of astolat, and
there had knowledge that it was sir launcelot that bare the red sleeve.


then she told him as ye have heard to-fore, and how her father betook
him her brother to do him service, and how her father lent him her
brother’s, sir tirre’s, shield: and here with me he left his own
shield. for what cause did he so? said sir gawaine. for this cause,
said the damosel, for his shield was too well known among many noble
knights. ah fair damosel, said sir gawaine, please it you let me have a
sight of that shield. sir, said she, it is in my chamber, covered with
a case, and if ye will come with me ye shall see it. not so, said sir
bernard till his daughter, let send for it.

so when the shield was come, sir gawaine took off the case, and when he
beheld that shield he knew anon that it was sir launcelot’s shield, and
his own arms. ah jesu mercy, said sir gawaine, now is my heart more
heavier than ever it was to-fore. why? said elaine. for i have great
cause, said sir gawaine. is that knight that oweth this shield your
love? yea truly, said she, my love he is, god would i were his love. so
god me speed, said sir gawaine, fair damosel ye have right, for an he
be your love ye love the most honourable knight of the world, and the
man of most worship. so me thought ever, said the damosel, for never or
that time, for no knight that ever i saw, loved i never none erst. god
grant, said sir gawaine, that either of you may rejoice other, but that
is in a great adventure. but truly, said sir gawaine unto the damosel,
ye may say ye have a fair grace, for why i have known that noble knight
this four-and-twenty year, and never or that day, i nor none other
knight, i dare make good, saw nor heard say that ever he bare token or
sign of no lady, gentlewoman, ne maiden, at no jousts nor tournament.
and therefore fair maiden, said sir gawaine, ye are much beholden to
him to give him thanks. but i dread me, said sir gawaine, that ye shall
never see him in this world, and that is great pity that ever was of
earthly knight. alas, said she, how may this be, is he slain? i say not
so, said sir gawaine, but wit ye well he is grievously wounded, by all
manner of signs, and by men’s sight more likelier to be dead than to be
alive; and wit ye well he is the noble knight, sir launcelot, for by
this shield i know him. alas, said the fair maiden of astolat, how may
this be, and what was his hurt? truly, said sir gawaine, the man in the
world that loved him best hurt him so; and i dare say, said sir
gawaine, an that knight that hurt him knew the very certainty that he
had hurt sir launcelot, it would be the most sorrow that ever came to
his heart.

now fair father, said then elaine, i require you give me leave to ride
and to seek him, or else i wot well i shall go out of my mind, for i
shall never stint till that i find him and my brother, sir lavaine. do
as it liketh you, said her father, for me sore repenteth of the hurt of
that noble knight. right so the maid made her ready, and before sir
gawaine, making great dole.

then on the morn sir gawaine came to king arthur, and told him how he
had found sir launcelot’s shield in the keeping of the fair maiden of
astolat. all that knew i aforehand, said king arthur, and that caused
me i would not suffer you to have ado at the great jousts, for i
espied, said king arthur, when he came in till his lodging full late in
the evening in astolat. but marvel have i, said arthur, that ever he
would bear any sign of any damosel, for or now i never heard say nor
knew that ever he bare any token of none earthly woman. by my head,
said sir gawaine, the fair maiden of astolat loveth him marvellously
well; what it meaneth i cannot say, and she is ridden after to seek
him. so the king and all came to london, and there sir gawaine openly
disclosed to all the court that it was sir launcelot that jousted best.




chapter xv. of the sorrow that sir bors had for the hurt of launcelot;
and of the anger that the queen had because launcelot bare the sleeve.


and when sir bors heard that, wit ye well he was an heavy man, and so
were all his kinsmen. but when queen guenever wist that sir launcelot
bare the red sleeve of the fair maiden of astolat she was nigh out of
her mind for wrath. and then she sent for sir bors de ganis in all the
haste that might be. so when sir bors was come to-fore the queen, then
she said: ah sir bors, have ye heard say how falsely sir launcelot hath
betrayed me? alas madam, said sir bors, i am afeard he hath betrayed
himself and us all. no force, said the queen, though he be destroyed,
for he is a false traitor-knight. madam, said sir bors, i pray you say
ye not so, for wit you well i may not hear such language of him. why
sir bors, said she, should i not call him traitor when he bare the red
sleeve upon his head at winchester, at the great jousts? madam, said
sir bors, that sleeve-bearing repenteth me sore, but i dare say he did
it to none evil intent, but for this cause he bare the red sleeve that
none of his blood should know him. for or then we, nor none of us all,
never knew that ever he bare token or sign of maid, lady, ne
gentlewoman. fie on him, said the queen, yet for all his pride and
bobaunce there ye proved yourself his better. nay madam, say ye never
more so, for he beat me and my fellows, and might have slain us an he
had would. fie on him, said the queen, for i heard sir gawaine say
before my lord arthur that it were marvel to tell the great love that
is between the fair maiden of astolat and him. madam, said sir bors, i
may not warn sir gawaine to say what it pleased him; but i dare say, as
for my lord, sir launcelot, that he loveth no lady, gentlewoman, nor
maid, but all he loveth in like much. and therefore madam, said sir
bors, ye may say what ye will, but wit ye well i will haste me to seek
him, and find him wheresomever he be, and god send me good tidings of
him. and so leave we them there, and speak we of sir launcelot that lay
in great peril.

so as fair elaine came to winchester she sought there all about, and by
fortune sir lavaine was ridden to play him, to enchafe his horse. and
anon as elaine saw him she knew him, and then she cried aloud until
him. and when he heard her anon he came to her, and then she asked her
brother how did my lord, sir launcelot. who told you, sister, that my
lord’s name was sir launcelot? then she told him how sir gawaine by his
shield knew him. so they rode together till that they came to the
hermitage, and anon she alighted.

so sir lavaine brought her in to sir launcelot; and when she saw him
lie so sick and pale in his bed she might not speak, but suddenly she
fell to the earth down suddenly in a swoon, and there she lay a great
while. and when she was relieved, she shrieked and said: my lord, sir
launcelot, alas why be ye in this plight? and then she swooned again.
and then sir launcelot prayed sir lavaine to take her up: and bring her
to me. and when she came to herself sir launcelot kissed her, and said:
fair maiden, why fare ye thus? ye put me to pain; wherefore make ye no
more such cheer, for an ye be come to comfort me ye be right welcome;
and of this little hurt that i have i shall be right hastily whole by
the grace of god. but i marvel, said sir launcelot, who told you my
name? then the fair maiden told him all how sir gawaine was lodged with
her father: and there by your shield he discovered your name. alas,
said sir launcelot, that me repenteth that my name is known, for i am
sure it will turn unto anger. and then sir launcelot compassed in his
mind that sir gawaine would tell queen guenever how he bare the red
sleeve, and for whom; that he wist well would turn into great anger.

so this maiden elaine never went from sir launcelot, but watched him
day and night, and did such attendance to him, that the french book
saith there was never woman did more kindlier for man than she. then
sir launcelot prayed sir lavaine to make aspies in winchester for sir
bors if he came there, and told him by what tokens he should know him,
by a wound in his forehead. for well i am sure, said sir launcelot,
that sir bors will seek me, for he is the same good knight that hurt
me.




chapter xvi. how sir bors sought launcelot and found him in the
hermitage, and of the lamentation between them.


now turn we unto sir bors de ganis that came unto winchester to seek
after his cousin sir launcelot. and so when he came to winchester, anon
there were men that sir lavaine had made to lie in a watch for such a
man, and anon sir lavaine had warning; and then sir lavaine came to
winchester and found sir bors, and there he told him what he was, and
with whom he was, and what was his name. now fair knight, said sir
bors, i require you that ye will bring me to my lord, sir launcelot.
sir, said sir lavaine, take your horse, and within this hour ye shall
see him. and so they departed, and came to the hermitage.

and when sir bors saw sir launcelot lie in his bed pale and
discoloured, anon sir bors lost his countenance, and for kindness and
pity he might not speak, but wept tenderly a great while. and then when
he might speak he said thus: o my lord, sir launcelot, god you bless,
and send you hasty recover; and full heavy am i of my misfortune and of
mine unhappiness, for now i may call myself unhappy. and i dread me
that god is greatly displeased with me, that he would suffer me to have
such a shame for to hurt you that are all our leader, and all our
worship; and therefore i call myself unhappy. alas that ever such a
caitiff-knight as i am should have power by unhappiness to hurt the
most noblest knight of the world. where i so shamefully set upon you
and overcharged you, and where ye might have slain me, ye saved me; and
so did not i, for i and your blood did to you our utterance. i marvel,
said sir bors, that my heart or my blood would serve me, wherefore my
lord, sir launcelot, i ask your mercy. fair cousin, said sir launcelot,
ye be right welcome; and wit ye well, overmuch ye say for to please me,
the which pleaseth me not, for why i have the same i sought; for i
would with pride have overcome you all, and there in my pride i was
near slain, and that was in mine own default, for i might have given
you warning of my being there. and then had i had no hurt, for it is an
old said saw, there is hard battle thereas kin and friends do battle
either against other, there may be no mercy but mortal war. therefore,
fair cousin, said sir launcelot, let this speech overpass, and all
shall be welcome that god sendeth; and let us leave off this matter and
let us speak of some rejoicing, for this that is done may not be
undone; and let us find a remedy how soon that i may be whole.

then sir bors leaned upon his bedside, and told sir launcelot how the
queen was passing wroth with him, because he wore the red sleeve at the
great jousts; and there sir bors told him all how sir gawaine
discovered it: by your shield that ye left with the fair maiden of
astolat. then is the queen wroth, said sir launcelot and therefore am i
right heavy, for i deserved no wrath, for all that i did was because i
would not be known. right so excused i you, said sir bors, but all was
in vain, for she said more largelier to me than i to you now. but is
this she, said sir bors, that is so busy about you, that men call the
fair maiden of astolat? she it is, said sir launcelot, that by no means
i cannot put her from me. why should ye put her from you? said sir
bors, she is a passing fair damosel, and a well beseen, and well
taught; and god would, fair cousin, said sir bors, that ye could love
her, but as to that i may not, nor i dare not, counsel you. but i see
well, said sir bors, by her diligence about you that she loveth you
entirely. that me repenteth, said sir launcelot. sir, said sir bors,
she is not the first that hath lost her pain upon you, and that is the
more pity: and so they talked of many more things. and so within three
days or four sir launcelot was big and strong again.




chapter xvii. how sir launcelot armed him to assay if he might bear
arms, and how his wounds brast out again.


then sir bors told sir launcelot how there was sworn a great tournament
and jousts betwixt king arthur and the king of northgalis, that should
be upon all hallowmass day, beside winchester. is that truth? said sir
launcelot; then shall ye abide with me still a little while until that
i be whole, for i feel myself right big and strong. blessed be god,
said sir bors. then were they there nigh a month together, and ever
this maiden elaine did ever her diligent labour night and day unto sir
launcelot, that there was never child nor wife more meeker to her
father and husband than was that fair maiden of astolat; wherefore sir
bors was greatly pleased with her.

so upon a day, by the assent of sir launcelot, sir bors, and sir
lavaine, they made the hermit to seek in woods for divers herbs, and so
sir launcelot made fair elaine to gather herbs for him to make him a
bain. in the meanwhile sir launcelot made him to arm him at all pieces;
and there he thought to assay his armour and his spear, for his hurt or
not. and so when he was upon his horse he stirred him fiercely, and the
horse was passing lusty and fresh because he was not laboured a month
afore. and then sir launcelot couched that spear in the rest. that
courser leapt mightily when he felt the spurs; and he that was upon
him, the which was the noblest horse of the world, strained him
mightily and stably, and kept still the spear in the rest; and
therewith sir launcelot strained himself so straitly, with so great
force, to get the horse forward, that the button of his wound brast
both within and without; and therewithal the blood came out so fiercely
that he felt himself so feeble that he might not sit upon his horse.
and then sir launcelot cried unto sir bors: ah, sir bors and sir
lavaine, help, for i am come to mine end. and therewith he fell down on
the one side to the earth like a dead corpse. and then sir bors and sir
lavaine came to him with sorrow-making out of measure. and so by
fortune the maiden elaine heard their mourning, and then she came
thither; and when she found sir launcelot there armed in that place she
cried and wept as she had been wood; and then she kissed him, and did
what she might to awake him. and then she rebuked her brother and sir
bors, and called them false traitors, why they would take him out of
his bed; there she cried, and said she would appeal them of his death.

with this came the holy hermit, sir baudwin of brittany, and when he
found sir launcelot in that plight he said but little, but wit ye well
he was wroth; and then he bade them: let us have him in. and so they
all bare him unto the hermitage, and unarmed him, and laid him in his
bed; and evermore his wound bled piteously, but he stirred no limb of
him. then the knight-hermit put a thing in his nose and a little deal
of water in his mouth. and then sir launcelot waked of his swoon, and
then the hermit staunched his bleeding. and when he might speak he
asked sir launcelot why he put his life in jeopardy. sir, said sir
launcelot, because i weened i had been strong, and also sir bors told
me that there should be at all hallowmass a great jousts betwixt king
arthur and the king of northgalis, and therefore i thought to assay it
myself whether i might be there or not. ah, sir launcelot, said the
hermit, your heart and your courage will never be done until your last
day, but ye shall do now by my counsel. let sir bors depart from you,
and let him do at that tournament what he may: and by the grace of god,
said the knight-hermit, by that the tournament be done and ye come
hither again, sir launcelot shall be as whole as ye, so that he will be
governed by me.




chapter xviii. how sir bors returned and told tidings of sir launcelot;
and of the tourney, and to whom the prize was given.


then sir bors made him ready to depart from sir launcelot; and then sir
launcelot said: fair cousin, sir bors, recommend me unto all them unto
whom me ought to recommend me unto. and i pray you, enforce yourself at
that jousts that ye may be best, for my love; and here shall i abide
you at the mercy of god till ye come again. and so sir bors departed
and came to the court of king arthur, and told them in what place he
had left sir launcelot. that me repenteth, said the king, but since he
shall have his life we all may thank god. and there sir bors told the
queen in what jeopardy sir launcelot was when he would assay his horse.
and all that he did, madam, was for the love of you, because he would
have been at this tournament. fie on him, recreant knight, said the
queen, for wit ye well i am right sorry an he shall have his life. his
life shall he have, said sir bors, and who that would otherwise, except
you, madam, we that be of his blood should help to short their lives.
but madam, said sir bors, ye have been oft-times displeased with my
lord, sir launcelot, but at all times at the end ye find him a true
knight: and so he departed.

and then every knight of the round table that were there at that time
present made them ready to be at that jousts at all hallowmass, and
thither drew many knights of divers countries. and as all hallowmass
drew near, thither came the king of northgalis, and the king with the
hundred knights, and sir galahad, the haut prince, of surluse, and
thither came king anguish of ireland, and the king of scots. so these
three kings came on king arthur’s party. and so that day sir gawaine
did great deeds of arms, and began first. and the heralds numbered that
sir gawaine smote down twenty knights. then sir bors de ganis came in
the same time, and he was numbered that he smote down twenty knights;
and therefore the prize was given betwixt them both, for they began
first and longest endured. also sir gareth, as the book saith, did that
day great deeds of arms, for he smote down and pulled down thirty
knights. but when he had done these deeds he tarried not but so
departed, and therefore he lost his prize. and sir palomides did great
deeds of arms that day, for he smote down twenty knights, but he
departed suddenly, and men deemed sir gareth and he rode together to
some manner adventures.

so when this tournament was done sir bors departed and rode till he
came to sir launcelot, his cousin; and then he found him walking on his
feet, and there either made great joy of other; and so sir bors told
sir launcelot of all the jousts like as ye have heard. i marvel, said
sir launcelot, that sir gareth, when he had done such deeds of arms,
that he would not tarry. thereof we marvelled all, said sir bors, for
but if it were you, or sir tristram, or sir lamorak de galis, i saw
never knight bear down so many in so little a while as did sir gareth:
and anon he was gone we wist not where. by my head, said sir launcelot,
he is a noble knight, and a mighty man and well breathed; and if he
were well assayed, said sir launcelot i would deem he were good enough
for any knight that beareth the life; and he is a gentle knight,
courteous, true, and bounteous, meek, and mild, and in him is no manner
of mal engin, but plain, faithful, and true.

so then they made them ready to depart from the hermit. and so upon a
morn they took their horses and elaine le blank with them; and when
they came to astolat there were they well lodged, and had great cheer
of sir bernard, the old baron, and of sir tirre, his son. and so upon
the morn when sir launcelot should depart, fair elaine brought her
father with her, and sir lavaine, and sir tirre, and thus she said:




chapter xix. of the great lamentation of the fair maid of astolat when
launcelot should depart, and how she died for his love.


my lord, sir launcelot, now i see ye will depart; now fair knight and
courteous knight, have mercy upon me, and suffer me not to die for thy
love. what would ye that i did? said sir launcelot. i would have you to
my husband, said elaine. fair damosel, i thank you, said sir launcelot,
but truly, said he, i cast me never to be wedded man. then, fair
knight, said she, will ye be my paramour? jesu defend me, said sir
launcelot, for then i rewarded your father and your brother full evil
for their great goodness. alas, said she, then must i die for your
love. ye shall not so, said sir launcelot, for wit ye well, fair
maiden, i might have been married an i had would, but i never applied
me to be married yet; but because, fair damosel, that ye love me as ye
say ye do, i will for your good will and kindness show you some
goodness, and that is this, that wheresomever ye will beset your heart
upon some good knight that will wed you, i shall give you together a
thousand pound yearly to you and to your heirs; thus much will i give
you, fair madam, for your kindness, and always while i live to be your
own knight. of all this, said the maiden, i will none, for but if ye
will wed me, or else be my paramour at the least, wit you well, sir
launcelot, my good days are done. fair damosel, said sir launcelot, of
these two things ye must pardon me.

then she shrieked shrilly, and fell down in a swoon; and then women
bare her into her chamber, and there she made over much sorrow; and
then sir launcelot would depart, and there he asked sir lavaine what he
would do. what should i do, said sir lavaine, but follow you, but if ye
drive me from you, or command me to go from you. then came sir bernard
to sir launcelot and said to him: i cannot see but that my daughter
elaine will die for your sake. i may not do withal, said sir launcelot,
for that me sore repenteth, for i report me to yourself, that my
proffer is fair; and me repenteth, said sir launcelot, that she loveth
me as she doth; i was never the causer of it, for i report me to your
son i early ne late proffered her bounté nor fair behests; and as for
me, said sir launcelot, i dare do all that a knight should do that she
is a clean maiden for me, both for deed and for will. and i am right
heavy of her distress, for she is a full fair maiden, good and gentle,
and well taught. father, said sir lavaine, i dare make good she is a
clean maiden as for my lord sir launcelot; but she doth as i do, for
sithen i first saw my lord sir launcelot, i could never depart from
him, nor nought i will an i may follow him.

then sir launcelot took his leave, and so they departed, and came unto
winchester. and when arthur wist that sir launcelot was come whole and
sound the king made great joy of him, and so did sir gawaine and all
the knights of the round table except sir agravaine and sir mordred.
also queen guenever was wood wroth with sir launcelot, and would by no
means speak with him, but estranged herself from him; and sir launcelot
made all the means that he might for to speak with the queen, but it
would not be.

now speak we of the fair maiden of astolat that made such sorrow day
and night that she never slept, ate, nor drank, and ever she made her
complaint unto sir launcelot. so when she had thus endured a ten days,
that she feebled so that she must needs pass out of this world, then
she shrived her clean, and received her creator. and ever she
complained still upon sir launcelot. then her ghostly father bade her
leave such thoughts. then she said, why should i leave such thoughts?
am i not an earthly woman? and all the while the breath is in my body i
may complain me, for my belief is i do none offence though i love an
earthly man; and i take god to my record i loved never none but sir
launcelot du lake, nor never shall, and a clean maiden i am for him and
for all other; and sithen it is the sufferance of god that i shall die
for the love of so noble a knight, i beseech the high father of heaven
to have mercy upon my soul, and upon mine innumerable pains that i
suffered may be allegeance of part of my sins. for sweet lord jesu,
said the fair maiden, i take thee to record, on thee i was never great
offencer against thy laws; but that i loved this noble knight, sir
launcelot, out of measure, and of myself, good lord, i might not
withstand the fervent love wherefore i have my death.

and then she called her father, sir bernard, and her brother, sir
tirre, and heartily she prayed her father that her brother might write
a letter like as she did indite it: and so her father granted her. and
when the letter was written word by word like as she devised, then she
prayed her father that she might be watched until she were dead. and
while my body is hot let this letter be put in my right hand, and my
hand bound fast with the letter until that i be cold; and let me be put
in a fair bed with all the richest clothes that i have about me, and so
let my bed and all my richest clothes be laid with me in a chariot unto
the next place where thames is; and there let me be put within a
barget, and but one man with me, such as ye trust to steer me thither,
and that my barget be covered with black samite over and over: thus
father i beseech you let it be done. so her father granted it her
faithfully, all things should be done like as she had devised. then her
father and her brother made great dole, for when this was done anon she
died. and so when she was dead the corpse and the bed all was led the
next way unto thames, and there a man, and the corpse, and all, were
put into thames; and so the man steered the barget unto westminster,
and there he rowed a great while to and fro or any espied it.




chapter xx. how the corpse of the maid of astolat arrived to-fore king
arthur, and of the burying, and how sir launcelot offered the
mass-penny.


so by fortune king arthur and the queen guenever were speaking together
at a window, and so as they looked into thames they espied this black
barget, and had marvel what it meant. then the king called sir kay, and
showed it him. sir, said sir kay, wit you well there is some new
tidings. go thither, said the king to sir kay, and take with you sir
brandiles and agravaine, and bring me ready word what is there. then
these four knights departed and came to the barget and went in; and
there they found the fairest corpse lying in a rich bed, and a poor man
sitting in the barget’s end, and no word would he speak. so these four
knights returned unto the king again, and told him what they found.
that fair corpse will i see, said the king. and so then the king took
the queen by the hand, and went thither.

then the king made the barget to be holden fast, and then the king and
the queen entered with certain knights with them; and there he saw the
fairest woman lie in a rich bed, covered unto her middle with many rich
clothes, and all was of cloth of gold, and she lay as though she had
smiled. then the queen espied a letter in her right hand, and told it
to the king. then the king took it and said: now am i sure this letter
will tell what she was, and why she is come hither. so then the king
and the queen went out of the barget, and so commanded a certain man to
wait upon the barget.

and so when the king was come within his chamber, he called many
knights about him, and said that he would wit openly what was written
within that letter. then the king brake it, and made a clerk to read
it, and this was the intent of the letter. most noble knight, sir
launcelot, now hath death made us two at debate for your love. i was
your lover, that men called the fair maiden of astolat; therefore unto
all ladies i make my moan, yet pray for my soul and bury me at least,
and offer ye my mass-penny: this is my last request. and a clean maiden
i died, i take god to witness: pray for my soul, sir launcelot, as thou
art peerless. this was all the substance in the letter. and when it was
read, the king, the queen, and all the knights wept for pity of the
doleful complaints. then was sir launcelot sent for; and when he was
come king arthur made the letter to be read to him.

and when sir launcelot heard it word by word, he said: my lord arthur,
wit ye well i am right heavy of the death of this fair damosel: god
knoweth i was never causer of her death by my willing, and that will i
report me to her own brother: here he is, sir lavaine. i will not say
nay, said sir launcelot, but that she was both fair and good, and much
i was beholden unto her, but she loved me out of measure. ye might have
shewed her, said the queen, some bounty and gentleness that might have
preserved her life. madam, said sir launcelot, she would none other
ways be answered but that she would be my wife, outher else my
paramour; and of these two i would not grant her, but i proffered her,
for her good love that she shewed me, a thousand pound yearly to her,
and to her heirs, and to wed any manner knight that she could find best
to love in her heart. for madam, said sir launcelot, i love not to be
constrained to love; for love must arise of the heart, and not by no
constraint. that is truth, said the king, and many knight’s love is
free in himself, and never will be bounden, for where he is bounden he
looseth himself.

then said the king unto sir launcelot: it will be your worship that ye
oversee that she be interred worshipfully. sir, said sir launcelot,
that shall be done as i can best devise. and so many knights yede
thither to behold that fair maiden. and so upon the morn she was
interred richly, and sir launcelot offered her mass-penny; and all the
knights of the table round that were there at that time offered with
sir launcelot. and then the poor man went again with the barget. then
the queen sent for sir launcelot, and prayed him of mercy, for why that
she had been wroth with him causeless. this is not the first time, said
sir launcelot, that ye had been displeased with me causeless, but,
madam, ever i must suffer you, but what sorrow i endure i take no
force. so this passed on all that winter, with all manner of hunting
and hawking, and jousts and tourneys were many betwixt many great
lords, and ever in all places sir lavaine gat great worship, so that he
was nobly renowned among many knights of the table round.




chapter xxi. of great jousts done all a christmas, and of a great
jousts and tourney ordained by king arthur, and of sir launcelot.


thus it passed on till christmas, and then every day there was jousts
made for a diamond, who that jousted best should have a diamond. but
sir launcelot would not joust but if it were at a great jousts cried.
but sir lavaine jousted there all that christmas passingly well, and
best was praised, for there were but few that did so well. wherefore
all manner of knights deemed that sir lavaine should be made knight of
the table round at the next feast of pentecost. so at-after christmas
king arthur let call unto him many knights, and there they advised
together to make a party and a great tournament and jousts. and the
king of northgalis said to arthur, he would have on his party king
anguish of ireland, and the king with the hundred knights, and the king
of northumberland, and sir galahad, the haut prince. and so these four
kings and this mighty duke took part against king arthur and the
knights of the table round. and the cry was made that the day of the
jousts should be beside westminster upon candlemas day, whereof many
knights were glad, and made them ready to be at that jousts in the
freshest manner.

then queen guenever sent for sir launcelot, and said thus: i warn you
that ye ride no more in no jousts nor tournaments but that your kinsmen
may know you. and at these jousts that shall be ye shall have of me a
sleeve of gold; and i pray you for my sake enforce yourself there, that
men may speak of you worship; but i charge you as ye will have my love,
that ye warn your kinsmen that ye will bear that day the sleeve of gold
upon your helmet. madam, said sir launcelot, it shall be done. and so
either made great joy of other. and when sir launcelot saw his time he
told sir bors that he would depart, and have no more with him but sir
lavaine, unto the good hermit that dwelt in that forest of windsor; his
name was sir brasias; and there he thought to repose him, and take all
the rest that he might, because he would be fresh at that day of
jousts.

so sir launcelot and sir lavaine departed, that no creature wist where
he was become, but the noble men of his blood. and when he was come to
the hermitage, wit ye well he had good cheer. and so daily sir
launcelot would go to a well fast by the hermitage, and there he would
lie down, and see the well spring and burble, and sometime he slept
there. so at that time there was a lady dwelt in that forest, and she
was a great huntress, and daily she used to hunt, and ever she bare her
bow with her; and no men went never with her, but always women, and
they were shooters, and could well kill a deer, both at the stalk and
at the trest; and they daily bare bows and arrows, horns and
wood-knives, and many good dogs they had, both for the string and for a
bait. so it happed this lady the huntress had abated her dog for the
bow at a barren hind, and so this barren hind took the flight over
hedges and woods. and ever this lady and part of her women costed the
hind, and checked it by the noise of the hounds, to have met with the
hind at some water; and so it happed, the hind came to the well whereas
sir launcelot was sleeping and slumbering. and so when the hind came to
the well, for heat she went to soil, and there she lay a great while;
and the dog came after, and umbecast about, for she had lost the very
perfect feute of the hind. right so came that lady the huntress, that
knew by the dog that she had, that the hind was at the soil in that
well; and there she came stiffly and found the hind, and she put a
broad arrow in her bow, and shot at the hind, and over-shot the hind;
and so by misfortune the arrow smote sir launcelot in the thick of the
buttock, over the barbs. when sir launcelot felt himself so hurt, he
hurled up woodly, and saw the lady that had smitten him. and when he
saw she was a woman, he said thus: lady or damosel, what that thou be,
in an evil time bear ye a bow; the devil made you a shooter.




chapter xxii. how launcelot after that he was hurt of a gentlewoman
came to an hermit, and of other matters.


now mercy, fair sir, said the lady, i am a gentlewoman that useth here
in this forest hunting, and god knoweth i saw ye not; but as here was a
barren hind at the soil in this well, and i weened to have done well,
but my hand swerved. alas, said sir launcelot, ye have mischieved me.
and so the lady departed, and sir launcelot as he might pulled out the
arrow, and left that head still in his buttock, and so he went weakly
to the hermitage ever more bleeding as he went. and when sir lavaine
and the hermit espied that sir launcelot was hurt, wit you well they
were passing heavy, but sir lavaine wist not how that he was hurt nor
by whom. and then were they wroth out of measure.

then with great pain the hermit gat out the arrow’s head out of sir
launcelot’s buttock, and much of his blood he shed, and the wound was
passing sore, and unhappily smitten, for it was in such a place that he
might not sit in no saddle. have mercy, jesu, said sir launcelot, i may
call myself the most unhappiest man that liveth, for ever when i would
fainest have worship there befalleth me ever some unhappy thing. now so
jesu me help, said sir launcelot, and if no man would but god, i shall
be in the field upon candlemas day at the jousts, whatsomever fall of
it: so all that might be gotten to heal sir launcelot was had.

so when the day was come sir launcelot let devise that he was arrayed,
and sir lavaine, and their horses, as though they had been saracens;
and so they departed and came nigh to the field. the king of northgalis
with an hundred knights with him, and the king of northumberland
brought with him an hundred good knights, and king anguish of ireland
brought with him an hundred good knights ready to joust, and sir
galahad, the haut prince, brought with him an hundred good knights, and
the king with the hundred knights brought with him as many, and all
these were proved good knights. then came in king arthur’s party; and
there came in the king of scots with an hundred knights, and king
uriens of gore brought with him an hundred knights, and king howel of
brittany brought with him an hundred knights, and chaleins of clarance
brought with him an hundred knights, and king arthur himself came into
the field with two hundred knights, and the most part were knights of
the table round, that were proved noble knights; and there were old
knights set in scaffolds for to judge, with the queen, who did best.




chapter xxiii. how sir launcelot behaved him at the jousts, and other
men also.


then they blew to the field; and there the king of northgalis
encountered with the king of scots, and there the king of scots had a
fall; and the king of ireland smote down king uriens; and the king of
northumberland smote down king howel of brittany; and sir galahad, the
haut prince, smote down chaleins of clarance. and then king arthur was
wood wroth, and ran to the king with the hundred knights, and there
king arthur smote him down; and after with that same spear king arthur
smote down three other knights. and then when his spear was broken king
arthur did passingly well; and so therewithal came in sir gawaine and
sir gaheris, sir agravaine and sir mordred, and there everych of them
smote down a knight, and sir gawaine smote down four knights; and then
there began a strong medley, for then there came in the knights of
launcelot’s blood, and sir gareth and sir palomides with them, and many
knights of the table round, and they began to hold the four kings and
the mighty duke so hard that they were discomfit; but this duke
galahad, the haut prince, was a noble knight, and by his mighty prowess
of arms he held the knights of the table round strait enough.

all this doing saw sir launcelot, and then he came into the field with
sir lavaine as it had been thunder. and then anon sir bors and the
knights of his blood espied sir launcelot, and said to them all: i warn
you beware of him with the sleeve of gold upon his head, for he is
himself sir launcelot du lake; and for great goodness sir bors warned
sir gareth. i am well apaid, said sir gareth, that i may know him. but
who is he, said they all, that rideth with him in the same array? that
is the good and gentle knight sir lavaine, said sir bors. so sir
launcelot encountered with sir gawaine, and there by force sir
launcelot smote down sir gawaine and his horse to the earth, and so he
smote down sir agravaine and sir gaheris, and also he smote down sir
mordred, and all this was with one spear. then sir lavaine met with sir
palomides, and either met other so hard and so fiercely that both their
horses fell to the earth. and then were they horsed again, and then met
sir launcelot with sir palomides, and there sir palomides had a fall;
and so sir launcelot or ever he stint, as fast as he might get spears,
he smote down thirty knights, and the most part of them were knights of
the table round; and ever the knights of his blood withdrew them, and
made them ado in other places where sir launcelot came not.

and then king arthur was wroth when he saw sir launcelot do such deeds;
and then the king called unto him sir gawaine, sir mordred, sir kay,
sir griflet, sir lucan the butler, sir bedivere, sir palomides, sir
safere, his brother; and so the king with these nine knights made them
ready to set upon sir launcelot, and upon sir lavaine. all this espied
sir bors and sir gareth. now i dread me sore, said sir bors, that my
lord, sir launcelot, will be hard matched. by my head, said sir gareth,
i will ride unto my lord sir launcelot, for to help him, fall of him
what fall may, for he is the same man that made me knight. ye shall not
so, said sir bors, by my counsel, unless that ye were disguised. ye
shall see me disguised, said sir gareth; and therewithal he espied a
welsh knight where he was to repose him, and he was sore hurt afore by
sir gawaine, and to him sir gareth rode, and prayed him of his
knighthood to lend him his shield for his. i will well, said the welsh
knight. and when sir gareth had his shield, the book saith it was
green, with a maiden that seemed in it.

then sir gareth came driving to sir launcelot all that he might and
said: knight, keep thyself, for yonder cometh king arthur with nine
noble knights with him to put you to a rebuke, and so i am come to bear
you fellowship for old love ye have shewed me. gramercy, said sir
launcelot. sir, said sir gareth, encounter ye with sir gawaine, and i
shall encounter with sir palomides; and let sir lavaine match with the
noble king arthur. and when we have delivered them, let us three hold
us sadly together. then came king arthur with his nine knights with
him, and sir launcelot encountered with sir gawaine, and gave him such
a buffet that the arson of his saddle brast, and sir gawaine fell to
the earth. then sir gareth encountered with the good knight sir
palomides, and he gave him such a buffet that both his horse and he
dashed to the earth. then encountered king arthur with sir lavaine, and
there either of them smote other to the earth, horse and all, that they
lay a great while. then sir launcelot smote down sir agravaine, and sir
gaheris, and sir mordred; and sir gareth smote down sir kay, and sir
safere, and sir griflet. and then sir lavaine was horsed again, and he
smote down sir lucan the butler and sir bedevere and then there began
great throng of good knights.

then sir launcelot hurtled here and there, and raced and pulled off
helms, so that at that time there might none sit him a buffet with
spear nor with sword; and sir gareth did such deeds of arms that all
men marvelled what knight he was with the green shield, for he smote
down that day and pulled down mo than thirty knights. and, as the
french book saith, sir launcelot marvelled; when he beheld sir gareth
do such deeds, what knight he might be; and sir lavaine pulled down and
smote down twenty knights. also sir launcelot knew not sir gareth for
an sir tristram de liones, outher sir lamorak de galis had been alive,
sir launcelot would have deemed he had been one of them twain. so ever
as sir launcelot sir gareth, sir lavaine fought, and on the one side
sir bors, sir ector de maris, sir lionel, sir lamorak de galis, sir
bleoberis, sir galihud, sir galihodin, sir pelleas, and with mo other
of king ban’s blood fought upon another party, and held the king with
the hundred knights and the king of northumberland right strait.




chapter xxiv. how king arthur marvelled much of the jousting in the
field, and how he rode and found sir launcelot.


so this tournament and this jousts dured long, till it was near night,
for the knights of the round table relieved ever unto king arthur; for
the king was wroth out of measure that he and his knights might not
prevail that day. then sir gawaine said to the king: i marvel where all
this day [be] sir bors de ganis and his fellowship of sir launcelot’s
blood, i marvel all this day they be not about you: it is for some
cause said sir gawaine. by my head, said sir kay, sir bors is yonder
all this day upon the right hand of this field, and there he and his
blood do more worshipfully than we do. it may well be, said sir
gawaine, but i dread me ever of guile; for on pain of my life, said sir
gawaine, this knight with the red sleeve of gold is himself sir
launcelot, i see well by his riding and by his great strokes; and the
other knight in the same colours is the good young knight, sir lavaine.
also that knight with the green shield is my brother, sir gareth, and
yet he hath disguised himself, for no man shall never make him be
against sir launcelot, because he made him knight. by my head, said
arthur, nephew, i believe you; therefore tell me now what is your best
counsel. sir, said sir gawaine, ye shall have my counsel: let blow unto
lodging, for an he be sir launcelot du lake, and my brother, sir
gareth, with him, with the help of that good young knight, sir lavaine,
trust me truly it will be no boot to strive with them but if we should
fall ten or twelve upon one knight, and that were no worship, but
shame. ye say truth, said the king; and for to say sooth, said the
king, it were shame to us so many as we be to set upon them any more;
for wit ye well, said king arthur, they be three good knights, and
namely that knight with the sleeve of gold.

so then they blew unto lodging; but forthwithal king arthur let send
unto the four kings, and to the mighty duke, and prayed them that the
knight with the sleeve of gold depart not from them, but that the king
may speak with him. then forthwithal king arthur alighted and unarmed
him, and took a little hackney and rode after sir launcelot, for ever
he had a spy upon him. and so he found him among the four kings and the
duke; and there the king prayed them all unto supper, and they said
they would with good will. and when they were unarmed then king arthur
knew sir launcelot, sir lavaine, and sir gareth. ah, sir launcelot,
said king arthur, this day ye have heated me and my knights.

so they yede unto arthur’s lodging all together, and there was a great
feast and great revel, and the prize was given unto sir launcelot; and
by heralds they named him that he had smitten down fifty knights, and
sir gareth five-and-thirty, and sir lavaine four-and-twenty knights.
then sir launcelot told the king and the queen how the lady huntress
shot him in the forest of windsor, in the buttock, with an broad arrow,
and how the wound thereof was that time six inches deep, and in like
long. also arthur blamed sir gareth because he left his fellowship and
held with sir launcelot. my lord, said sir gareth, he made me a knight,
and when i saw him so hard bestead, methought it was my worship to help
him, for i saw him do so much, and so many noble knights against him;
and when i understood that he was sir launcelot du lake, i shamed to
see so many knights against him alone. truly, said king arthur unto sir
gareth, ye say well, and worshipfully have ye done and to yourself
great worship; and all the days of my life, said king arthur unto sir
gareth, wit you well i shall love you, and trust you the more better.
for ever, said arthur, it is a worshipful knight’s deed to help another
worshipful knight when he seeth him in a great danger; for ever a
worshipful man will be loath to see a worshipful man shamed; and he
that is of no worship, and fareth with cowardice, never shall he show
gentleness, nor no manner of goodness where he seeth a man in any
danger, for then ever will a coward show no mercy; and always a good
man will do ever to another man as he would be done to himself. so then
there were great feasts unto kings and dukes, and revel, game, and
play, and all manner of noblesse was used; and he that was courteous,
true, and faithful, to his friend was that time cherished.




chapter xxv. how true love is likened to summer.


and thus it passed on from candlemass until after easter, that the
month of may was come, when every lusty heart beginneth to blossom, and
to bring forth fruit; for like as herbs and trees bring forth fruit and
flourish in may, in like wise every lusty heart that is in any manner a
lover, springeth and flourisheth in lusty deeds. for it giveth unto all
lovers courage, that lusty month of may, in something to constrain him
to some manner of thing more in that month than in any other month, for
divers causes. for then all herbs and trees renew a man and woman, and
likewise lovers call again to their mind old gentleness and old
service, and many kind deeds that were forgotten by negligence. for
like as winter rasure doth alway arase and deface green summer, so
fareth it by unstable love in man and woman. for in many persons there
is no stability; for we may see all day, for a little blast of winter’s
rasure, anon we shall deface and lay apart true love for little or
nought, that cost much thing; this is no wisdom nor stability, but it
is feebleness of nature and great disworship, whosomever useth this.
therefore, like as may month flowereth and flourisheth in many gardens,
so in like wise let every man of worship flourish his heart in this
world, first unto god, and next unto the joy of them that he promised
his faith unto; for there was never worshipful man or worshipful woman,
but they loved one better than another; and worship in arms may never
be foiled, but first reserve the honour to god, and secondly the
quarrel must come of thy lady: and such love i call virtuous love.

but nowadays men can not love seven night but they must have all their
desires: that love may not endure by reason; for where they be soon
accorded and hasty heat, soon it cooleth. right so fareth love
nowadays, soon hot soon cold: this is no stability. but the old love
was not so; men and women could love together seven years, and no
licours lusts were between them, and then was love, truth, and
faithfulness: and lo, in like wise was used love in king arthur’s days.
wherefore i liken love nowadays unto summer and winter; for like as the
one is hot and the other cold, so fareth love nowadays; therefore all
ye that be lovers call unto your remembrance the month of may, like as
did queen guenever, for whom i make here a little mention, that while
she lived she was a true lover, and therefore she had a good end.

_explicit liber octodecimus. and here followeth liber xix._




book xix.




chapter i. how queen guenever rode a-maying with certain knights of the
round table and clad all in green.


so it befell in the month of may, queen guenever called unto her
knights of the table round; and she gave them warning that early upon
the morrow she would ride a-maying into woods and fields beside
westminster. and i warn you that there be none of you but that he be
well horsed, and that ye all be clothed in green, outher in silk outher
in cloth; and i shall bring with me ten ladies, and every knight shall
have a lady behind him, and every knight shall have a squire and two
yeomen; and i will that ye all be well horsed. so they made them ready
in the freshest manner. and these were the names of the knights: sir
kay le seneschal, sir agravaine, sir brandiles, sir sagramore le
desirous, sir dodinas le savage, sir ozanna le cure hardy, sir ladinas
of the forest savage, sir persant of inde, sir ironside, that was
called the knight of the red launds, and sir pelleas, the lover; and
these ten knights made them ready in the freshest manner to ride with
the queen. and so upon the morn they took their horses with the queen,
and rode a-maying in woods and meadows as it pleased them, in great joy
and delights; for the queen had cast to have been again with king
arthur at the furthest by ten of the clock, and so was that time her
purpose.

then there was a knight that hight meliagrance, and he was son unto
king bagdemagus, and this knight had at that time a castle of the gift
of king arthur within seven mile of westminster. and this knight, sir
meliagrance, loved passing well queen guenever, and so had he done long
and many years. and the book saith he had lain in await for to steal
away the queen, but evermore he forbare for because of sir launcelot;
for in no wise he would meddle with the queen an sir launcelot were in
her company, outher else an he were near-hand her. and that time was
such a custom, the queen rode never without a great fellowship of men
of arms about her, and they were many good knights, and the most part
were young men that would have worship; and they were called the
queen’s knights, and never in no battle, tournament, nor jousts, they
bare none of them no manner of knowledging of their own arms, but plain
white shields, and thereby they were called the queen’s knights. and
then when it happed any of them to be of great worship by his noble
deeds, then at the next feast of pentecost, if there were any slain or
dead, as there was none year that there failed but some were dead, then
was there chosen in his stead that was dead the most men of worship,
that were called the queen’s knights. and thus they came up all first,
or they were renowned men of worship, both sir launcelot and all the
remnant of them.

but this knight, sir meliagrance, had espied the queen well and her
purpose, and how sir launcelot was not with her, and how she had no men
of arms with her but the ten noble knights all arrayed in green for
maying. then he purveyed him a twenty men of arms and an hundred
archers for to destroy the queen and her knights, for he thought that
time was best season to take the queen.




chapter ii. how sir meliagrance took the queen and her knights, which
were sore hurt in fighting.


so as the queen had mayed and all her knights, all were bedashed with
herbs, mosses and flowers, in the best manner and freshest. right so
came out of a wood sir meliagrance with an eight score men well
harnessed, as they should fight in a battle of arrest, and bade the
queen and her knights abide, for maugre their heads they should abide.
traitor knight, said queen guenever, what cast thou for to do? wilt
thou shame thyself? bethink thee how thou art a king’s son, and knight
of the table round, and thou to be about to dishonour the noble king
that made thee knight; thou shamest all knighthood and thyself, and me,
i let thee wit, shalt thou never shame, for i had liefer cut mine own
throat in twain rather than thou shouldest dishonour me. as for all
this language, said sir meliagrance, be it as it be may, for wit you
well, madam, i have loved you many a year, and never or now could i get
you at such an advantage as i do now, and therefore i will take you as
i find you.

then spake all the ten noble knights at once and said: sir meliagrance,
wit thou well ye are about to jeopard your worship to dishonour, and
also ye cast to jeopard our persons howbeit we be unarmed. ye have us
at a great avail, for it seemeth by you that ye have laid watch upon
us; but rather than ye should put the queen to a shame and us all, we
had as lief to depart from our lives, for an if we other ways did, we
were shamed for ever. then said sir meliagrance: dress you as well ye
can, and keep the queen. then the ten knights of the table round drew
their swords, and the other let run at them with their spears, and the
ten knights manly abode them, and smote away their spears that no spear
did them none harm. then they lashed together with swords, and anon sir
kay, sir sagramore, sir agravaine, sir dodinas, sir ladinas, and sir
ozanna were smitten to the earth with grimly wounds. then sir
brandiles, and sir persant, sir ironside, sir pelleas fought long, and
they were sore wounded, for these ten knights, or ever they were laid
to the ground, slew forty men of the boldest and the best of them.

so when the queen saw her knights thus dolefully wounded, and needs
must be slain at the last, then for pity and sorrow she cried sir
meliagrance: slay not my noble knights, and i will go with thee upon
this covenant, that thou save them, and suffer them not to be no more
hurt, with this, that they be led with me wheresomever thou leadest me,
for i will rather slay myself than i will go with thee, unless that
these my noble knights may be in my presence. madam, said meliagrance,
for your sake they shall be led with you into mine own castle, with
that ye will be ruled, and ride with me. then the queen prayed the four
knights to leave their fighting, and she and they would not depart.
madam, said sir pelleas, we will do as ye do, for as for me i take no
force of my life nor death. for as the french book saith, sir pelleas
gave such buffets there that none armour might hold him.




chapter iii. how sir launcelot had word how the queen was taken, and
how sir meliagrance laid a bushment for launcelot.


then by the queen’s commandment they left battle, and dressed the
wounded knights on horseback, some sitting, some overthwart their
horses, that it was pity to behold them. and then sir meliagrance
charged the queen and all her knights that none of all her fellowship
should depart from her; for full sore he dread sir launcelot du lake,
lest he should have any knowledging. all this espied the queen, and
privily she called unto her a child of her chamber that was swiftly
horsed, to whom she said: go thou, when thou seest thy time, and bear
this ring unto sir launcelot du lake, and pray him as he loveth me that
he will see me and rescue me, if ever he will have joy of me; and spare
not thy horse, said the queen, neither for water, neither for land. so
the child espied his time, and lightly he took his horse with the
spurs, and departed as fast as he might. and when sir meliagrance saw
him so flee, he understood that it was by the queen’s commandment for
to warn sir launcelot. then they that were best horsed chased him and
shot at him, but from them all the child went suddenly. and then sir
meliagrance said to the queen: madam, ye are about to betray me, but i
shall ordain for sir launcelot that he shall not come lightly at you.
and then he rode with her, and they all, to his castle, in all the
haste that they might. and by the way sir meliagrance laid in an
embushment the best archers that he might get in his country, to the
number of thirty, to await upon sir launcelot, charging them that if
they saw such a manner of knight come by the way upon a white horse,
that in any wise they slay his horse, but in no manner of wise have not
ado with him bodily, for he is over-hardy to be overcome.

so this was done, and they were come to his castle, but in no wise the
queen would never let none of the ten knights and her ladies out of her
sight, but always they were in her presence; for the book saith, sir
meliagrance durst make no masteries, for dread of sir launcelot,
insomuch he deemed that he had warning. so when the child was departed
from the fellowship of sir meliagrance, within a while he came to
westminster, and anon he found sir launcelot. and when he had told his
message, and delivered him the queen’s ring: alas, said sir launcelot,
now i am shamed for ever, unless that i may rescue that noble lady from
dishonour. then eagerly he asked his armour; and ever the child told
sir launcelot how the ten knights fought marvellously, and how sir
pelleas, and sir ironside, and sir brandiles, and sir persant of inde,
fought strongly, but namely sir pelleas, there might none withstand
him; and how they all fought till at the last they were laid to the
earth; and then the queen made appointment for to save their lives, and
go with sir meliagrance.

alas, said sir launcelot, that most noble lady, that she should be so
destroyed; i had liefer, said sir launcelot, than all france, that i
had been there well armed. so when sir launcelot was armed and upon his
horse, he prayed the child of the queen’s chamber to warn sir lavaine
how suddenly he was departed, and for what cause. and pray him as he
loveth me, that he will hie him after me, and that he stint not until
he come to the castle where sir meliagrance abideth, or dwelleth; for
there, said sir launcelot, he shall hear of me an i am a man living,
and rescue the queen and the ten knights the which he traitorously hath
taken, and that shall i prove upon his head, and all them that hold
with him.




chapter iv. how sir launcelot’s horse was slain, and how sir launcelot
rode in a cart for to rescue the queen.


then sir launcelot rode as fast as he might, and the book saith he took
the water at westminster bridge, and made his horse to swim over thames
unto lambeth. and then within a while he came to the same place thereas
the ten noble knights fought with sir meliagrance. and then sir
launcelot followed the track until that he came to a wood, and there
was a straight way, and there the thirty archers bade sir launcelot
turn again, and follow no longer that track. what commandment have ye
thereto, said sir launcelot, to cause me that am a knight of the round
table to leave my right way? this way shalt thou leave, other-else thou
shalt go it on thy foot, for wit thou well thy horse shall be slain.
that is little mastery, said sir launcelot, to slay mine horse; but as
for myself, when my horse is slain, i give right nought for you, not an
ye were five hundred more. so then they shot sir launcelot’s horse, and
smote him with many arrows; and then sir launcelot avoided his horse,
and went on foot; but there were so many ditches and hedges betwixt
them and him that he might not meddle with none of them. alas for
shame, said launcelot, that ever one knight should betray another
knight; but it is an old saw, a good man is never in danger but when he
is in the danger of a coward. then sir launcelot went a while, and then
he was foul cumbered of his armour, his shield, and his spear, and all
that longed unto him. wit ye well he was full sore annoyed, and full
loath he was for to leave anything that longed unto him, for he dread
sore the treason of sir meliagrance.

then by fortune there came by him a chariot that came thither for to
fetch wood. say me, carter, said sir launcelot, what shall i give thee
to suffer me to leap into thy chariot, and that thou bring me unto a
castle within this two mile? thou shalt not come within my chariot,
said the carter, for i am sent for to fetch wood for my lord, sir
meliagrance. with him would i speak. thou shalt not go with me, said
the carter. then sir launcelot leapt to him, and gave him such a buffet
that he fell to the earth stark dead. then the other carter, his
fellow, was afeard, and weened to have gone the same way; and then he
cried: fair lord, save my life, and i shall bring you where ye will.
then i charge thee, said sir launcelot, that thou drive me and this
chariot even unto sir meliagrance’s gate. leap up into the chariot,
said the carter, and ye shall be there anon. so the carter drove on a
great wallop, and sir launcelot’s horse followed the chariot, with more
than a forty arrows broad and rough in him.

and more than an hour and an half dame guenever was awaiting in a bay
window with her ladies, and espied an armed knight standing in a
chariot. see, madam, said a lady, where rideth in a chariot a goodly
armed knight; i suppose he rideth unto hanging. where? said the queen.
then she espied by his shield that he was there himself, sir launcelot
du lake. and then she was ware where came his horse ever after that
chariot, and ever he trod his guts and his paunch under his feet. alas,
said the queen, now i see well and prove, that well is him that hath a
trusty friend. ha, ha, most noble knight, said queen guenever, i see
well thou art hard bestead when thou ridest in a chariot. then she
rebuked that lady that likened sir launcelot to ride in a chariot to
hanging. it was foul mouthed, said the queen, and evil likened, so for
to liken the most noble knight of the world unto such a shameful death.
o jesu defend him and keep him, said the queen, from all mischievous
end. by this was sir launcelot come to the gates of that castle, and
there he descended down, and cried, that all the castle rang of it:
where art thou, false traitor, sir meliagrance, and knight of the table
round? now come forth here, thou traitor knight, thou and thy
fellowship with thee; for here i am, sir launcelot du lake, that shall
fight with you. and therewithal he bare the gate wide open upon the
porter, and smote him under his ear with his gauntlet, that his neck
brast a-sunder.




chapter v. how sir meliagrance required forgiveness of the queen, and
how she appeased sir launcelot; and other matters.


when sir meliagrance heard that sir launcelot was there he ran unto
queen guenever, and fell upon his knee, and said: mercy, madam, now i
put me wholly into your grace. what aileth you now? said queen
guenever; forsooth i might well wit some good knight would revenge me,
though my lord arthur wist not of this your work. madam, said sir
meliagrance, all this that is amiss on my part shall be amended right
as yourself will devise, and wholly i put me in your grace. what would
ye that i did? said the queen. i would no more, said meliagrance, but
that ye would take all in your own hands, and that ye will rule my lord
sir launcelot; and such cheer as may be made him in this poor castle ye
and he shall have until to-morn, and then may ye and all they return
unto westminster; and my body and all that i have i shall put in your
rule. ye say well, said the queen, and better is peace than ever war,
and the less noise the more is my worship.

then the queen and her ladies went down unto the knight, sir launcelot,
that stood wroth out of measure in the inner court, to abide battle;
and ever he bade: thou traitor knight come forth. then the queen came
to him and said: sir launcelot, why be ye so moved? ha, madam, said sir
launcelot, why ask ye me that question? meseemeth, said sir launcelot,
ye ought to be more wroth than i am, for ye have the hurt and the
dishonour, for wit ye well, madam, my hurt is but little for the
killing of a mare’s son, but the despite grieveth me much more than all
my hurt. truly, said the queen, ye say truth; but heartily i thank you,
said the queen, but ye must come in with me peaceably, for all thing is
put in my hand, and all that is evil shall be for the best, for the
knight full sore repenteth him of the misadventure that is befallen
him. madam, said sir launcelot, sith it is so that ye been accorded
with him, as for me i may not be again it, howbeit sir meliagrance hath
done full shamefully to me, and cowardly. ah madam, said sir launcelot,
an i had wist ye would have been so soon accorded with him i would not
have made such haste unto you. why say ye so, said the queen, do ye
forthink yourself of your good deeds? wit you well, said the queen, i
accorded never unto him for favour nor love that i had unto him, but
for to lay down every shameful noise. madam, said sir launcelot, ye
understand full well i was never willing nor glad of shameful slander
nor noise; and there is neither king, queen, nor knight, that beareth
the life, except my lord king arthur, and you, madam, should let me,
but i should make sir meliagrance’s heart full cold or ever i departed
from hence. that wot i well, said the queen, but what will ye more? ye
shall have all thing ruled as ye list to have it. madam, said sir
launcelot, so ye be pleased i care not, as for my part ye shall soon
please.

right so the queen took sir launcelot by the bare hand, for he had put
off his gauntlet, and so she went with him till her chamber; and then
she commanded him to be unarmed. and then sir launcelot asked where
were the ten knights that were wounded sore; so she showed them unto
sir launcelot, and there they made great joy of the coming of him, and
sir launcelot made great dole of their hurts, and bewailed them
greatly. and there sir launcelot told them how cowardly and traitorly
meliagrance set archers to slay his horse, and how he was fain to put
himself in a chariot. thus they complained everych to other; and full
fain they would have been revenged, but they peaced themselves because
of the queen. then, as the french book saith, sir launcelot was called
many a day after le chevaler du chariot, and did many deeds, and great
adventures he had. and so leave we of this tale le chevaler du chariot,
and turn we to this tale.

so sir launcelot had great cheer with the queen, and then sir launcelot
made a promise with the queen that the same night sir launcelot should
come to a window outward toward a garden; and that window was y-barred
with iron, and there sir launcelot promised to meet her when all folks
were asleep. so then came sir lavaine driving to the gates, crying:
where is my lord, sir launcelot du lake? then was he sent for, and when
sir lavaine saw sir launcelot, he said: my lord, i found well how ye
were hard bestead, for i have found your horse that was slain with
arrows. as for that, said sir launcelot, i pray you, sir lavaine, speak
ye of other matters, and let ye this pass, and we shall right it
another time when we best may.




chapter vi. how sir launcelot came in the night to the queen and lay
with her, and how sir meliagrance appeached the queen of treason.


then the knights that were hurt were searched, and soft salves were
laid to their wounds; and so it passed on till supper time, and all the
cheer that might be made them there was done unto the queen and all her
knights. then when season was, they went unto their chambers, but in no
wise the queen would not suffer the wounded knights to be from her, but
that they were laid within draughts by her chamber, upon beds and
pillows, that she herself might see to them, that they wanted nothing.

so when sir launcelot was in his chamber that was assigned unto him, he
called unto him sir lavaine, and told him that night he must go speak
with his lady, dame guenever. sir, said sir lavaine, let me go with you
an it please you, for i dread me sore of the treason of sir
meliagrance. nay, said sir launcelot, i thank you, but i will have
nobody with me. then sir launcelot took his sword in his hand, and
privily went to a place where he had espied a ladder to-forehand, and
that he took under his arm, and bare it through the garden, and set it
up to the window, and there anon the queen was ready to meet him. and
then they made either to other their complaints of many divers things,
and then sir launcelot wished that he might have come into her. wit ye
well, said the queen, i would as fain as ye, that ye might come in to
me. would ye, madam, said sir launcelot, with your heart that i were
with you? yea, truly, said the queen. now shall i prove my might, said
sir launcelot, for your love; and then he set his hands upon the bars
of iron, and he pulled at them with such a might that he brast them
clean out of the stone walls, and therewithal one of the bars of iron
cut the brawn of his hands throughout to the bone; and then he leapt
into the chamber to the queen. make ye no noise, said the queen, for my
wounded knights lie here fast by me. so, to pass upon this tale, sir
launcelot went unto bed with the queen, and he took no force of his
hurt hand, but took his pleasaunce and his liking until it was in the
dawning of the day; and wit ye well he slept not but watched, and when
he saw his time that he might tarry no longer he took his leave and
departed at the window, and put it together as well as he might again,
and so departed unto his own chamber; and there he told sir lavaine how
he was hurt. then sir lavaine dressed his hand and staunched it, and
put upon it a glove, that it should not be espied; and so the queen lay
long in her bed until it was nine of the clock.

then sir meliagrance went to the queen’s chamber, and found her ladies
there ready clothed. jesu mercy, said sir meliagrance, what aileth you,
madam, that ye sleep thus long? and right therewithal he opened the
curtain for to behold her; and then was he ware where she lay, and all
the sheet and pillow was bebled with the blood of sir launcelot and of
his hurt hand. when sir meliagrance espied that blood, then he deemed
in her that she was false to the king, and that some of the wounded
knights had lain by her all that night. ah, madam, said sir
meliagrance, now i have found you a false traitress unto my lord
arthur; for now i prove well it was not for nought that ye laid these
wounded knights within the bounds of your chamber; therefore i will
call you of treason before my lord, king arthur. and now i have proved
you, madam, with a shameful deed; and that they be all false, or some
of them, i will make good, for a wounded knight this night hath lain by
you. that is false, said the queen, and that i will report me unto them
all. then when the ten knights heard sir meliagrance’s words, they
spake all in one voice and said to sir meliagrance: thou sayest
falsely, and wrongfully puttest upon us such a deed, and that we will
make good any of us; choose which thou list of us when we are whole of
our wounds. ye shall not, said sir meliagrance, away with your proud
language, for here ye may all see, said sir meliagrance, that by the
queen this night a wounded knight hath lain. then were they all ashamed
when they saw that blood; and wit you well sir meliagrance was passing
glad that he had the queen at such an advantage, for he deemed by that
to hide his treason. so with this rumour came in sir launcelot, and
found them all at a great array.




chapter vii. how sir launcelot answered for the queen, and waged battle
against sir meliagrance; and how sir launcelot was taken in a trap.


what array is this? said sir launcelot. then sir meliagrance told them
what he had found, and showed them the queen’s bed. truly, said sir
launcelot, ye did not your part nor knightly, to touch a queen’s bed
while it was drawn, and she lying therein; for i dare say my lord
arthur himself would not have displayed her curtains, she being within
her bed, unless that it had pleased him to have lain down by her; and
therefore ye have done unworshipfully and shamefully to yourself. i wot
not what ye mean, said sir meliagrance, but well i am sure there hath
one of her wounded knights lain by her this night, and therefore i will
prove with my hands that she is a traitress unto my lord arthur. beware
what ye do, said launcelot, for an ye say so, an ye will prove it, it
will be taken at your hands.

my lord, sir launcelot, said sir meliagrance, i rede you beware what ye
do; for though ye are never so good a knight, as ye wot well ye are
renowned the best knight of the world, yet should ye be advised to do
battle in a wrong quarrel, for god will have a stroke in every battle.
as for that, said sir launcelot, god is to be dread; but as to that i
say nay plainly, that this night there lay none of these ten wounded
knights with my lady queen guenever, and that will i prove with my
hands, that ye say untruly in that now. hold, said sir meliagrance,
here is my glove that she is traitress unto my lord, king arthur, and
that this night one of the wounded knights lay with her. and i receive
your glove, said sir launcelot. and so they were sealed with their
signets, and delivered unto the ten knights. at what day shall we do
battle together? said sir launcelot. this day eight days, said sir
meliagrance, in the field beside westminster. i am agreed, said sir
launcelot. but now, said sir meliagrance, sithen it is so that we must
fight together, i pray you, as ye be a noble knight, await me with no
treason, nor none villainy the meanwhile, nor none for you. so god me
help, said sir launcelot, ye shall right well wit i was never of no
such conditions, for i report me to all knights that ever have known
me, i fared never with no treason, nor i loved never the fellowship of
no man that fared with treason. then let us go to dinner, said
meliagrance, and after dinner ye and the queen and ye may ride all to
westminster. i will well, said sir launcelot.

then sir meliagrance said to sir launcelot: pleaseth it you to see the
estures of this castle? with a good will, said sir launcelot. and then
they went together from chamber to chamber, for sir launcelot dread no
perils; for ever a man of worship and of prowess dreadeth least always
perils, for they ween every man be as they be; but ever he that fareth
with treason putteth oft a man in great danger. so it befell upon sir
launcelot that no peril dread, as he went with sir meliagrance he trod
on a trap and the board rolled, and there sir launcelot fell down more
than ten fathom into a cave full of straw; and then sir meliagrance
departed and made no fare as that he nist where he was.

and when sir launcelot was thus missed they marvelled where he was
become; and then the queen and many of them deemed that he was departed
as he was wont to do suddenly. for sir meliagrance made suddenly to put
away aside sir lavaine’s horse, that they might all understand that sir
launcelot was departed suddenly. so it passed on till after dinner; and
then sir lavaine would not stint until that he ordained litters for the
wounded knights, that they might be laid in them; and so with the queen
and them all, both ladies and gentlewomen and other, went unto
westminster; and there the knights told king arthur how meliagrance had
appealed the queen of high treason, and how sir launcelot had received
the glove of him: and this day eight days they shall do battle afore
you. by my head, said king arthur, i am afeard sir meliagrance hath
taken upon him a great charge; but where is sir launcelot? said the
king. sir, said they all, we wot not where he is, but we deem he is
ridden to some adventures, as he is ofttimes wont to do, for he hath
sir lavaine’s horse. let him be, said the king, he will be founden, but
if he be trapped with some treason.




chapter viii. how sir launcelot was delivered out of prison by a lady,
and took a white courser and came for to keep his day.


so leave we sir launcelot lying within that cave in great pain; and
every day there came a lady and brought him his meat and his drink, and
wooed him, to have lain by him; and ever the noble knight, sir
launcelot, said her nay. sir launcelot, said she, ye are not wise, for
ye may never out of this prison, but if ye have my help; and also your
lady, queen guenever, shall be brent in your default, unless that ye be
there at the day of battle. god defend, said sir launcelot, that she
should be brent in my default; and if it be so, said sir launcelot,
that i may not be there, it shall be well understanded, both at the
king and at the queen, and with all men of worship, that i am dead,
sick, outher in prison. for all men that know me will say for me that i
am in some evil case an i be not there that day; and well i wot there
is some good knight either of my blood, or some other that loveth me,
that will take my quarrel in hand; and therefore, said sir launcelot,
wit ye well ye shall not fear me; and if there were no more women in
all this land but ye, i will not have ado with you. then art thou
shamed, said the lady, and destroyed for ever. as for world’s shame,
jesu defend me, and as for my distress, it is welcome whatsoever it be
that god sendeth me.

so she came to him the same day that the battle should be, and said:
sir launcelot, methinketh ye are too hard-hearted, but wouldest thou
but kiss me once i should deliver thee, and thine armour, and the best
horse that is within sir meliagrance’s stable. as for to kiss you, said
sir launcelot, i may do that and lose no worship; and wit ye well an i
understood there were any disworship for to kiss you i would not do it.
then he kissed her, and then she gat him, and brought him to his
armour. and when he was armed, she brought him to a stable, where stood
twelve good coursers, and bade him choose the best. then sir launcelot
looked upon a white courser the which liked him best; and anon he
commanded the keepers fast to saddle him with the best saddle of war
that there was; and so it was done as he bade. then gat he his spear in
his hand, and his sword by his side, and commended the lady unto god,
and said: lady, for this good deed i shall do you service if ever it be
in my power.




chapter ix. how sir launcelot came the same time that sir meliagrance
abode him in the field and dressed him to battle.


now leave we sir launcelot wallop all that he might, and speak we of
queen guenever that was brought to a fire to be brent; for sir
meliagrance was sure, him thought, that sir launcelot should not be at
that battle; therefore he ever cried upon king arthur to do him
justice, other-else bring forth sir launcelot du lake. then was the
king and all the court full sore abashed and shamed that the queen
should be brent in the default of sir launcelot. my lord arthur, said
sir lavaine, ye may understand that it is not well with my lord sir
launcelot, for an he were alive, so he be not sick outher in prison,
wit ye well he would be here; for never heard ye that ever he failed
his part for whom he should do battle for. and therefore, said sir
lavaine, my lord, king arthur, i beseech you give me license to do
battle here this day for my lord and master, and for to save my lady,
the queen. gramercy gentle sir lavaine, said king arthur, for i dare
say all that sir meliagrance putteth upon my lady the queen is wrong,
for i have spoken with all the ten wounded knights, and there is not
one of them, an he were whole and able to do battle, but he would prove
upon sir meliagrance’s body that it is false that he putteth upon my
queen. so shall i, said sir lavaine, in the defence of my lord, sir
launcelot, an ye will give me leave. now i give you leave, said king
arthur, and do your best, for i dare well say there is some treason
done to sir launcelot.

then was sir lavaine armed and horsed, and suddenly at the lists’ end
he rode to perform this battle; and right as the heralds should cry:
lesses les aler, right so came in sir launcelot driving with all the
force of his horse. and then arthur cried: ho! and abide! then was sir
launcelot called on horseback to-fore king arthur, and there he told
openly to-fore the king and all, how sir meliagrance had served him
first to last. and when the king, and the queen, and all the lords,
knew of the treason of sir meliagrance they were all ashamed on his
behalf. then was queen guenever sent for, and set by the king in great
trust of her champion. and then there was no more else to say, but sir
launcelot and sir meliagrance dressed them unto battle, and took their
spears; and so they came together as thunder, and there sir launcelot
bare him down quite over his horse’s croup. and then sir launcelot
alighted and dressed his shield on his shoulder, with his sword in his
hand, and sir meliagrance in the same wise dressed him unto him, and
there they smote many great strokes together; and at the last sir
launcelot smote him such a buffet upon the helmet that he fell on the
one side to the earth. and then he cried upon him aloud: most noble
knight, sir launcelot du lake, save my life, for i yield me unto you,
and i require you, as ye be a knight and fellow of the table round,
slay me not, for i yield me as overcome; and whether i shall live or
die i put me in the king’s hands and yours.

then sir launcelot wist not what to do, for he had had liefer than all
the good of the world he might have been revenged upon sir meliagrance;
and sir launcelot looked up to the queen guenever, if he might espy by
any sign or countenance what she would have done. and then the queen
wagged her head upon sir launcelot, as though she would say: slay him.
full well knew sir launcelot by the wagging of her head that she would
have him dead; then sir launcelot bade him rise for shame and perform
that battle to the utterance. nay, said sir meliagrance, i will never
arise until ye take me as yolden and recreant. i shall proffer you
large proffers, said sir launcelot, that is for to say, i shall unarm
my head and my left quarter of my body, all that may be unarmed, and
let bind my left hand behind me, so that it shall not help me, and
right so i shall do battle with you. then sir meliagrance started up
upon his legs, and said on high: my lord arthur, take heed to this
proffer, for i will take it, and let him be disarmed and bounden
according to his proffer. what say ye, said king arthur unto sir
launcelot, will ye abide by your proffer? yea, my lord, said sir
launcelot, i will never go from that i have once said.

then the knights parters of the field disarmed sir launcelot, first his
head, and sithen his left arm, and his left side, and they bound his
left arm behind his back, without shield or anything, and then they
were put together. wit you well there was many a lady and knight
marvelled that sir launcelot would jeopardy himself in such wise. then
sir meliagrance came with his sword all on high, and sir launcelot
showed him openly his bare head and the bare left side; and when he
weened to have smitten him upon the bare head, then lightly he avoided
the left leg and the left side, and put his right hand and his sword to
that stroke, and so put it on side with great sleight; and then with
great force sir launcelot smote him on the helmet such a buffet that
the stroke carved the head in two parts. then there was no more to do,
but he was drawn out of the field. and at the great instance of the
knights of the table round, the king suffered him to be interred, and
the mention made upon him, who slew him, and for what cause he was
slain; and then the king and the queen made more of sir launcelot du
lake, and more he was cherished, than ever he was aforehand.




chapter x. how sir urre came into arthur’s court for to be healed of
his wounds, and how king arthur would begin to handle him.


then as the french book maketh mention, there was a good knight in the
land of hungary, his name was sir urre, and he was an adventurous
knight, and in all places where he might hear of any deeds of worship
there would he be. so it happened in spain there was an earl’s son, his
name was alphegus, and at a great tournament in spain this sir urre,
knight of hungary, and sir alphegus of spain encountered together for
very envy; and so either undertook other to the utterance. and by
fortune sir urre slew sir alphegus, the earl’s son of spain, but this
knight that was slain had given sir urre, or ever he was slain, seven
great wounds, three on the head, and four on his body and upon his left
hand. and this sir alphegus had a mother, the which was a great
sorceress; and she, for the despite of her son’s death, wrought by her
subtle crafts that sir urre should never be whole, but ever his wounds
should one time fester and another time bleed, so that he should never
be whole until the best knight of the world had searched his wounds;
and thus she made her avaunt, wherethrough it was known that sir urre
should never be whole.

then his mother let make an horse litter, and put him therein under two
palfreys; and then she took sir urre’s sister with him, a full fair
damosel, whose name was felelolie; and then she took a page with him to
keep their horses, and so they led sir urre through many countries. for
as the french book saith, she led him so seven year through all lands
christened, and never she could find no knight that might ease her son.
so she came into scotland and into the lands of england, and by fortune
she came nigh the feast of pentecost until king arthur’s court, that at
that time was holden at carlisle. and when she came there, then she
made it openly to be known how that she was come into that land for to
heal her son.

then king arthur let call that lady, and asked her the cause why she
brought that hurt knight into that land. my most noble king, said that
lady, wit you well i brought him hither for to be healed of his wounds,
that of all this seven year he might not be whole. and then she told
the king where he was wounded, and of whom; and how his mother had
discovered in her pride how she had wrought that by enchantment, so
that he should never be whole until the best knight of the world had
searched his wounds. and so i have passed through all the lands
christened to have him healed, except this land. and if i fail to heal
him here in this land, i will never take more pain upon me, and that is
pity, for he was a good knight, and of great nobleness. what is his
name? said arthur. my good and gracious lord, she said, his name is sir
urre of the mount. in good time, said the king, and sith ye are come
into this land, ye are right welcome; and wit you well here shall your
son be healed, an ever any christian man may heal him. and for to give
all other men of worship courage, i myself will assay to handle your
son, and so shall all the kings, dukes, and earls that be here present
with me at this time; thereto will i command them, and well i wot they
shall obey and do after my commandment. and wit you well, said king
arthur unto urre’s sister, i shall begin to handle him, and search unto
my power, not presuming upon me that i am so worthy to heal your son by
my deeds, but i will courage other men of worship to do as i will do.
and then the king commanded all the kings, dukes, and earls, and all
noble knights of the round table that were there that time present, to
come into the meadow of carlisle. and so at that time there were but an
hundred and ten of the round table, for forty knights were that time
away; and so here we must begin at king arthur, as is kindly to begin
at him that was the most man of worship that was christened at that
time.




chapter xi. how king arthur handled sir urre, and after him many other
knights of the round table.


then king arthur looked upon sir urre, and the king thought he was a
full likely man when he was whole; and then king arthur made him to be
taken down off the litter and laid him upon the earth, and there was
laid a cushion of gold that he should kneel upon. and then noble arthur
said: fair knight, me repenteth of thy hurt, and for to courage all
other noble knights i will pray thee softly to suffer me to handle your
wounds. most noble christened king, said urre, do as ye list, for i am
at the mercy of god, and at your commandment. so then arthur softly
handled him, and then some of his wounds renewed upon bleeding. then
the king clarence of northumberland searched, and it would not be. and
then sir barant le apres that was called the king with the hundred
knights, he assayed and failed; and so did king uriens of the land of
gore; so did king anguish of ireland; so did king nentres of garloth;
so did king carados of scotland; so did the duke galahad, the haut
prince; so did constantine, that was sir carados’ son of cornwall; so
did duke chaleins of clarance; so did the earl ulbause; so did the earl
lambaile; so did the earl aristause.

then came in sir gawaine with his three sons, sir gingalin, sir
florence, and sir lovel, these two were begotten upon sir brandiles’
sister; and all they failed. then came in sir agravaine, sir gaheris,
sir mordred, and the good knight, sir gareth, that was of very
knighthood worth all the brethren. so came knights of launcelot’s kin,
but sir launcelot was not that time in the court, for he was that time
upon his adventures. then sir lionel, sir ector de maris, sir bors de
ganis, sir blamore de ganis, sir bleoberis de ganis, sir gahalantine,
sir galihodin, sir menaduke, sir villiars the valiant, sir hebes le
renoumes. all these were of sir launcelot’s kin, and all they failed.
then came in sir sagramore le desirous, sir dodinas le savage, sir
dinadan, sir bruin le noire, that sir kay named la cote male taile, and
sir kay le seneschal, sir kay de stranges, sir meliot de logris, sir
petipase of winchelsea, sir galleron of galway, sir melion of the
mountain, sir cardok, sir uwaine les avoutres, and sir ozanna le cure
hardy.

then came in sir astamor, and sir gromere, grummor’s son, sir crosselm,
sir servause le breuse, that was called a passing strong knight, for as
the book saith, the chief lady of the lake feasted sir launcelot and
servause le breuse, and when she had feasted them both at sundry times
she prayed them to give her a boon. and they granted it her. and then
she prayed sir servause that he would promise her never to do battle
against sir launcelot du lake, and in the same wise she prayed sir
launcelot never to do battle against sir servause, and so either
promised her. for the french book saith, that sir servause had never
courage nor lust to do battle against no man, but if it were against
giants, and against dragons, and wild beasts. so we pass unto them that
at the king’s request made them all that were there at that high feast,
as of the knights of the table round, for to search sir urre: to that
intent the king did it, to wit which was the noblest knight among them.

then came sir aglovale, sir durnore, sir tor, that was begotten upon
aries, the cowherd’s wife, but he was begotten afore aries wedded her,
and king pellinore begat them all, first sir tor, sir aglovale, sir
durnore, sir lamorak, the most noblest knight one that ever was in
arthur’s days as for a worldly knight, and sir percivale that was
peerless except sir galahad in holy deeds, but they died in the quest
of the sangreal. then came sir griflet le fise de dieu, sir lucan the
butler, sir bedevere his brother, sir brandiles, sir constantine, sir
cador’s son of cornwall, that was king after arthur’s days, and sir
clegis, sir sadok, sir dinas le seneschal of cornwall, sir fergus, sir
driant, sir lambegus, sir clarrus of cleremont, sir cloddrus, sir
hectimere, sir edward of carnarvon, sir dinas, sir priamus, that was
christened by sir tristram the noble knight, and these three were
brethren; sir hellaine le blank that was son to sir bors, he begat him
upon king brandegoris’ daughter, and sir brian de listinoise; sir
gautere, sir reynold, sir gillemere, were three brethren that sir
launcelot won upon a bridge in sir kay’s arms. sir guyart le petite,
sir bellangere le beuse, that was son to the good knight, sir alisander
le orphelin, that was slain by the treason of king mark. also that
traitor king slew the noble knight sir tristram, as he sat harping
afore his lady la beale isoud, with a trenchant glaive, for whose death
was much bewailing of every knight that ever were in arthur’s days;
there was never none so bewailed as was sir tristram and sir lamorak,
for they were traitorously slain, sir tristram by king mark, and sir
lamorak by sir gawaine and his brethren. and this sir bellangere
revenged the death of his father alisander, and sir tristram slew king
mark, and la beale isoud died swooning upon the corse of sir tristram,
whereof was great pity. and all that were with king mark that were
consenting to the death of sir tristram were slain, as sir andred and
many other.

then came sir hebes, sir morganore, sir sentraile, sir suppinabilis,
sir bellangere le orgulous, that the good knight sir lamorak won in
plain battle; sir neroveus and sir plenorius, two good knights that sir
launcelot won; sir darras, sir harry le fise lake, sir erminide,
brother to king hermaunce, for whom sir palomides fought at the red
city with two brethren; and sir selises of the dolorous tower, sir
edward of orkney, sir ironside, that was called the noble knight of the
red launds that sir gareth won for the love of dame liones, sir arrok
de grevaunt, sir degrane saunce velany that fought with the giant of
the black lowe, sir epinogris, that was the king’s son of
northumberland. sir pelleas that loved the lady ettard, and he had died
for her love had not been one of the ladies of the lake, her name was
dame nimue, and she wedded sir pelleas, and she saved him that he was
never slain, and he was a full noble knight; and sir lamiel of cardiff
that was a great lover. sir plaine de fors, sir melleaus de lile, sir
bohart le cure hardy that was king arthur’s son, sir mador de la porte,
sir colgrevance, sir hervise de la forest savage, sir marrok, the good
knight that was betrayed with his wife, for she made him seven year a
wer-wolf, sir persaunt, sir pertilope, his brother, that was called the
green knight, and sir perimones, brother to them both, that was called
the red knight, that sir gareth won when he was called beaumains. all
these hundred knights and ten searched sir urre’s wounds by the
commandment of king arthur.




chapter xii. how sir launcelot was commanded by arthur to handle his
wounds, and anon he was all whole, and how they thanked god.


mercy jesu, said king arthur, where is sir launcelot du lake that he is
not here at this time? thus, as they stood and spake of many things,
there was espied sir launcelot that came riding toward them, and told
the king. peace, said the king, let no manner thing be said until he be
come to us. so when sir launcelot espied king arthur, he descended from
his horse and came to the king, and saluted him and them all. anon as
the maid, sir urre’s sister, saw sir launcelot, she ran to her brother
thereas he lay in his litter, and said: brother, here is come a knight
that my heart giveth greatly unto. fair sister, said sir urre, so doth
my heart light against him, and certainly i hope now to be healed, for
my heart giveth unto him more than to all these that have searched me.

then said arthur unto sir launcelot: ye must do as we have done; and
told sir launcelot what they had done, and showed him them all, that
had searched him. jesu defend me, said sir launcelot, when so many
kings and knights have assayed and failed, that i should presume upon
me to enchieve that all ye, my lords, might not enchieve. ye shall not
choose, said king arthur, for i will command you for to do as we all
have done. my most renowned lord, said sir launcelot, ye know well i
dare not nor may not disobey your commandment, but an i might or durst,
wit you well i would not take upon me to touch that wounded knight in
that intent that i should pass all other knights; jesu defend me from
that shame. ye take it wrong, said king arthur, ye shall not do it for
no presumption, but for to bear us fellowship, insomuch ye be a fellow
of the table round; and wit you well, said king arthur, an ye prevail
not and heal him, i dare say there is no knight in this land may heal
him, and therefore i pray you, do as we have done.

and then all the kings and knights for the most part prayed sir
launcelot to search him; and then the wounded knight, sir urre, set him
up weakly, and prayed sir launcelot heartily, saying: courteous knight,
i require thee for god’s sake heal my wounds, for methinketh ever
sithen ye came here my wounds grieve me not. ah, my fair lord, said sir
launcelot, jesu would that i might help you; i shame me sore that i
should be thus rebuked, for never was i able in worthiness to do so
high a thing. then sir launcelot kneeled down by the wounded knight
saying: my lord arthur, i must do your commandment, the which is sore
against my heart. and then he held up his hands, and looked into the
east, saying secretly unto himself: thou blessed father, son, and holy
ghost, i beseech thee of thy mercy, that my simple worship and honesty
be saved, and thou blessed trinity, thou mayst give power to heal this
sick knight by thy great virtue and grace of thee, but, good lord,
never of myself. and then sir launcelot prayed sir urre to let him see
his head; and then devoutly kneeling he ransacked the three wounds,
that they bled a little, and forthwith all the wounds fair healed, and
seemed as they had been whole a seven year. and in likewise he searched
his body of other three wounds, and they healed in likewise; and then
the last of all he searched the which was in his hand, and anon it
healed fair.

then king arthur and all the kings and knights kneeled down and gave
thankings and lovings unto god and to his blessed mother. and ever sir
launcelot wept as he had been a child that had been beaten. then king
arthur let array priests and clerks in the most devoutest manner, to
bring in sir urre within carlisle, with singing and loving to god. and
when this was done, the king let clothe him in the richest manner that
could be thought; and then were there but few better made knights in
all the court, for he was passingly well made and bigly; and arthur
asked sir urre how he felt himself. my good lord, he said, i felt
myself never so lusty. will ye joust and do deeds of arms? said king
arthur. sir, said urre, an i had all that longed unto jousts i would be
soon ready.




chapter xiii. how there was a party made of an hundred knights against
an hundred knights, and of other matters.


then arthur made a party of hundred knights to be against an hundred
knights. and so upon the morn they jousted for a diamond, but there
jousted none of the dangerous knights; and so for to shorten this tale,
sir urre and sir lavaine jousted best that day, for there was none of
them but he overthrew and pulled down thirty knights; and then by the
assent of all the kings and lords, sir urre and sir lavaine were made
knights of the table round. and sir lavaine cast his love unto dame
felelolie, sir urre’s sister, and then they were wedded together with
great joy, and king arthur gave to everych of them a barony of lands.
and this sir urre would never go from sir launcelot, but he and sir
lavaine awaited evermore upon him; and they were in all the court
accounted for good knights, and full desirous in arms; and many noble
deeds they did, for they would have no rest, but ever sought
adventures.

thus they lived in all that court with great noblesse and joy long
time. but every night and day sir agravaine, sir gawaine’s brother,
awaited queen guenever and sir launcelot du lake to put them to a
rebuke and shame. and so i leave here of this tale, and overskip great
books of sir launcelot du lake, what great adventures he did when he
was called le chevaler du chariot. for as the french book saith,
because of despite that knights and ladies called him the knight that
rode in the chariot like as he were judged to the gallows, therefore in
despite of all them that named him so, he was carried in a chariot a
twelvemonth, for, but little after that he had slain sir meliagrance in
the queen’s quarrel, he never in a twelvemonth came on horseback. and
as the french book saith, he did that twelvemonth more than forty
battles. and because i have lost the very matter of le chevaier du
chariot, i depart from the tale of sir launcelot, and here i go unto
the morte of king arthur; and that caused sir agravaine.

_explicit liber xix. and hereafter followeth the most piteous history
of the morte of king arthur, the which is the twentieth book._




book xx.




chapter i. how sir agravaine and sir mordred were busy upon sir gawaine
for to disclose the love between sir launcelot and queen guenever.


in may when every lusty heart flourisheth and bourgeoneth, for as the
season is lusty to behold and comfortable, so man and woman rejoice and
gladden of summer coming with his fresh flowers: for winter with his
rough winds and blasts causeth a lusty man and woman to cower and sit
fast by the fire. so in this season, as in the month of may, it befell
a great anger and unhap that stinted not till the flower of chivalry of
all the world was destroyed and slain; and all was long upon two
unhappy knights the which were named agravaine and sir mordred, that
were brethren unto sir gawaine. for this sir agravaine and sir mordred
had ever a privy hate unto the queen dame guenever and to sir
launcelot, and daily and nightly they ever watched upon sir launcelot.

so it mishapped, sir gawaine and all his brethren were in king arthur’s
chamber; and then sir agravaine said thus openly, and not in no
counsel, that many knights might hear it: i marvel that we all be not
ashamed both to see and to know how sir launcelot lieth daily and
nightly by the queen, and all we know it so; and it is shamefully
suffered of us all, that we all should suffer so noble a king as king
arthur is so to be shamed.

then spake sir gawaine, and said: brother sir agravaine, i pray you and
charge you move no such matters no more afore me, for wit you well,
said sir gawaine, i will not be of your counsel. so god me help, said
sir gaheris and sir gareth, we will not be knowing, brother agravaine,
of your deeds. then will i, said sir mordred. i lieve well that, said
sir gawaine, for ever unto all unhappiness, brother sir mordred,
thereto will ye grant; and i would that ye left all this, and made you
not so busy, for i know, said sir gawaine, what will fall of it. fall
of it what fall may, said sir agravaine, i will disclose it to the
king. not by my counsel, said sir gawaine, for an there rise war and
wrack betwixt sir launcelot and us, wit you well brother, there will
many kings and great lords hold with sir launcelot. also, brother sir
agravaine, said sir gawaine, ye must remember how ofttimes sir
launcelot hath rescued the king and the queen; and the best of us all
had been full cold at the heart-root had not sir launcelot been better
than we, and that hath he proved himself full oft. and as for my part,
said sir gawaine, i will never be against sir launcelot for one day’s
deed, when he rescued me from king carados of the dolorous tower, and
slew him, and saved my life. also, brother sir agravaine and sir
mordred, in like wise sir launcelot rescued you both, and threescore
and two, from sir turquin. methinketh brother, such kind deeds and
kindness should be remembered. do as ye list, said sir agravaine, for i
will lain it no longer. with these words came to them king arthur. now
brother, stint your noise, said sir gawaine. we will not, said sir
agravaine and sir mordred. will ye so? said sir gawaine; then god speed
you, for i will not hear your tales ne be of your counsel. no more will
i, said sir gareth and sir gaheris, for we will never say evil by that
man; for because, said sir gareth, sir launcelot made me knight, by no
manner owe i to say ill of him: and therewithal they three departed,
making great dole. alas, said sir gawaine and sir gareth, now is this
realm wholly mischieved, and the noble fellowship of the round table
shall be disparpled: so they departed.




chapter ii. how sir agravaine disclosed their love to king arthur, and
how king arthur gave them licence to take him.


and then sir arthur asked them what noise they made. my lord, said
agravaine, i shall tell you that i may keep no longer. here is i, and
my brother sir mordred, brake unto my brothers sir gawaine, sir
gaheris, and to sir gareth, how this we know all, that sir launcelot
holdeth your queen, and hath done long; and we be your sister’s sons,
and we may suffer it no longer, and all we wot that ye should be above
sir launcelot; and ye are the king that made him knight, and therefore
we will prove it, that he is a traitor to your person.

if it be so, said sir arthur, wit you well he is none other, but i
would be loath to begin such a thing but i might have proofs upon it;
for sir launcelot is an hardy knight, and all ye know he is the best
knight among us all; and but if he be taken with the deed, he will
fight with him that bringeth up the noise, and i know no knight that is
able to match him. therefore an it be sooth as ye say, i would he were
taken with the deed. for as the french book saith, the king was full
loath thereto, that any noise should be upon sir launcelot and his
queen; for the king had a deeming, but he would not hear of it, for sir
launcelot had done so much for him and the queen so many times, that
wit ye well the king loved him passingly well. my lord, said sir
agravaine, ye shall ride to-morn a-hunting, and doubt ye not sir
launcelot will not go with you. then when it draweth toward night, ye
may send the queen word that ye will lie out all that night, and so may
ye send for your cooks, and then upon pain of death we shall take him
that night with the queen, and outher we shall bring him to you dead or
quick. i will well, said the king; then i counsel you, said the king,
take with you sure fellowship. sir, said agravaine, my brother, sir
mordred, and i, will take with us twelve knights of the round table.
beware, said king arthur, for i warn you ye shall find him wight. let
us deal, said sir agravaine and sir mordred.

so on the morn king arthur rode a-hunting, and sent word to the queen
that he would be out all that night. then sir agravaine and sir mordred
gat to them twelve knights, and hid themself in a chamber in the castle
of carlisle, and these were their names: sir colgrevance, sir mador de
la porte, sir gingaline, sir meliot de logris, sir petipase of
winchelsea, sir galleron of galway, sir melion of the mountain, sir
astamore, sir gromore somir joure, sir curselaine, sir florence, sir
lovel. so these twelve knights were with sir mordred and sir agravaine,
and all they were of scotland, outher of sir gawaine’s kin, either
well-willers to his brethren.

so when the night came, sir launcelot told sir bors how he would go
that night and speak with the queen. sir, said sir bors, ye shall not
go this night by my counsel. why? said sir launcelot. sir, said sir
bors, i dread me ever of sir agravaine, that waiteth you daily to do
you shame and us all; and never gave my heart against no going, that
ever ye went to the queen, so much as now; for i mistrust that the king
is out this night from the queen because peradventure he hath lain some
watch for you and the queen, and therefore i dread me sore of treason.
have ye no dread, said sir launcelot, for i shall go and come again,
and make no tarrying. sir, said sir bors, that me repenteth, for i
dread me sore that your going out this night shall wrath us all. fair
nephew, said sir launcelot, i marvel much why ye say thus, sithen the
queen hath sent for me; and wit ye well i will not be so much a coward,
but she shall understand i will see her good grace. god speed you well,
said sir bors, and send you sound and safe again.




chapter iii. how sir launcelot was espied in the queen’s chamber, and
how sir agravaine and sir mordred came with twelve knights to slay him.


so sir launcelot departed, and took his sword under his arm, and so in
his mantle that noble knight put himself in great jeopardy; and so he
passed till he came to the queen’s chamber, and then sir launcelot was
lightly put into the chamber. and then, as the french book saith, the
queen and launcelot were together. and whether they were abed or at
other manner of disports, me list not hereof make no mention, for love
that time was not as is now-a-days. but thus as they were together,
there came sir agravaine and sir mordred, with twelve knights with them
of the round table, and they said with crying voice: traitor-knight,
sir launcelot du lake, now art thou taken. and thus they cried with a
loud voice, that all the court might hear it; and they all fourteen
were armed at all points as they should fight in a battle. alas said
queen guenever, now are we mischieved both madam, said sir launcelot,
is there here any armour within your chamber, that i might cover my
poor body withal? an if there be any give it me, and i shall soon stint
their malice, by the grace of god. truly, said the queen, i have none
armour, shield, sword, nor spear; wherefore i dread me sore our long
love is come to a mischievous end, for i hear by their noise there be
many noble knights, and well i wot they be surely armed, and against
them ye may make no resistance. wherefore ye are likely to be slain,
and then shall i be brent. for an ye might escape them, said the queen,
i would not doubt but that ye would rescue me in what danger that ever
i stood in. alas, said sir launcelot, in all my life thus was i never
bestead, that i should be thus shamefully slain for lack of mine
armour.

but ever in one sir agravaine and sir mordred cried: traitor-knight,
come out of the queen’s chamber, for wit thou well thou art so beset
that thou shalt not escape. o jesu mercy, said sir launcelot, this
shameful cry and noise i may not suffer, for better were death at once
than thus to endure this pain. then he took the queen in his arms, and
kissed her, and said: most noble christian queen, i beseech you as ye
have been ever my special good lady, and i at all times your true poor
knight unto my power, and as i never failed you in right nor in wrong
sithen the first day king arthur made me knight, that ye will pray for
my soul if that i here be slain; for well i am assured that sir bors,
my nephew, and all the remnant of my kin, with sir lavaine and sir
urre, that they will not fail you to rescue you from the fire; and
therefore, mine own lady, recomfort yourself, whatsomever come of me,
that ye go with sir bors, my nephew, and sir urre, and they all will do
you all the pleasure that they can or may, that ye shall live like a
queen upon my lands. nay, launcelot, said the queen, wit thou well i
will never live after thy days, but an thou be slain i will take my
death as meekly for jesu christ’s sake as ever did any christian queen.
well, madam, said i-auncelot, sith it is so that the day is come that
our love must depart, wit you well i shall sell my life as dear as i
may; and a thousandfold, said sir launcelot, i am more heavier for you
than for myself. and now i had liefer than to be lord of all
christendom, that i had sure armour upon me, that men might speak of my
deeds or ever i were slain. truly, said the queen, i would an it might
please god that they would take me and slay me, and suffer you to
escape. that shall never be, said sir launcelot, god defend me from
such a shame, but jesu be thou my shield and mine armour!




chapter iv. how sir launcelot slew sir colgrevance, and armed him in
his harness, and after slew sir agravaine, and twelve of his fellows.


and therewith sir launcelot wrapped his mantle about his arm well and
surely; and by then they had gotten a great form out of the hall, and
therewithal they rashed at the door. fair lords, said sir launcelot,
leave your noise and your rashing, and i shall set open this door, and
then may ye do with me what it liketh you. come off then, said they
all, and do it, for it availeth thee not to strive against us all; and
therefore let us into this chamber, and we shall save thy life until
thou come to king arthur. then launcelot unbarred the door, and with
his left hand he held it open a little, so that but one man might come
in at once; and so there came striding a good knight, a much man and
large, and his name was colgrevance of gore, and he with a sword struck
at sir launcelot mightily; and he put aside the stroke, and gave him
such a buffet upon the helmet, that he fell grovelling dead within the
chamber door. and then sir launcelot with great might drew that dead
knight within the chamber door; and sir launcelot with help of the
queen and her ladies was lightly armed in sir colgrevance’s armour.

and ever stood sir agravaine and sir mordred crying: traitor-knight,
come out of the queen’s chamber. leave your noise, said sir launcelot
unto sir agravaine, for wit you well, sir agravaine, ye shall not
prison me this night; and therefore an ye do by my counsel, go ye all
from this chamber door, and make not such crying and such manner of
slander as ye do; for i promise you by my knighthood, an ye will depart
and make no more noise, i shall as to-morn appear afore you all before
the king, and then let it be seen which of you all, outher else ye all,
that will accuse me of treason; and there i shall answer you as a
knight should, that hither i came to the queen for no manner of mal
engin, and that will i prove and make it good upon you with my hands.
fie on thee, traitor, said sir agravaine and sir mordred, we will have
thee maugre thy head, and slay thee if we list; for we let thee wit we
have the choice of king arthur to save thee or to slay thee. ah sirs,
said sir launcelot, is there none other grace with you? then keep
yourself.

so then sir launcelot set all open the chamber door, and mightily and
knightly he strode in amongst them; and anon at the first buffet he
slew sir agravaine. and twelve of his fellows after, within a little
while after, he laid them cold to the earth, for there was none of the
twelve that might stand sir launcelot one buffet. also sir launcelot
wounded sir mordred, and he fled with all his might. and then sir
launcelot returned again unto the queen, and said: madam, now wit you
well all our true love is brought to an end, for now will king arthur
ever be my foe; and therefore, madam, an it like you that i may have
you with me, i shall save you from all manner adventures dangerous.
that is not best, said the queen; meseemeth now ye have done so much
harm, it will be best ye hold you still with this. and if ye see that
as to-morn they will put me unto the death, then may ye rescue me as ye
think best. i will well, said sir launcelot, for have ye no doubt,
while i am living i shall rescue you. and then he kissed her, and
either gave other a ring; and so there he left the queen, and went
until his lodging.




chapter v. how sir launcelot came to sir bors, and told him how he had
sped, and in what adventure he had been, and how he had escaped.


when sir bors saw sir launcelot he was never so glad of his home-coming
as he was then. jesu mercy, said sir launcelot, why be ye all armed:
what meaneth this? sir, said sir bors, after ye were departed from us,
we all that be of your blood and your well-willers were so dretched
that some of us leapt out of our beds naked, and some in their dreams
caught naked swords in their hands; therefore, said sir bors, we deem
there is some great strife at hand; and then we all deemed that ye were
betrapped with some treason, and therefore we made us thus ready, what
need that ever ye were in.

my fair nephew, said sir launcelot unto sir bors, now shall ye wit all,
that this night i was more harder bestead than ever i was in my life,
and yet i escaped. and so he told them all how and in what manner, as
ye have heard to-fore. and therefore, my fellows, said sir launcelot, i
pray you all that ye will be of good heart in what need somever i
stand, for now is war come to us all. sir, said bors, all is welcome
that god sendeth us, and we have had much weal with you and much
worship, and therefore we will take the woe with you as we have taken
the weal. and therefore, they said all (there were many good knights),
look ye take no discomfort, for there nis no bands of knights under
heaven but we shall be able to grieve them as much as they may us. and
therefore discomfort not yourself by no manner, and we shall gather
together that we love, and that loveth us, and what that ye will have
done shall be done. and therefore, sir launcelot, said they, we will
take the woe with the weal. grant mercy, said sir launcelot, of your
good comfort, for in my great distress, my fair nephew, ye comfort me
greatly, and much i am beholding unto you. but this, my fair nephew, i
would that ye did in all haste that ye may, or it be forth days, that
ye will look in their lodging that be lodged here nigh about the king,
which will hold with me, and which will not, for now i would know which
were my friends from my foes. sir, said sir bors, i shall do my pain,
and or it be seven of the clock i shall wit of such as ye have said
before, who will hold with you.

then sir bors called unto him sir lionel, sir ector de maris, sir
blamore de ganis, sir bleoberis de ganis, sir gahalantine, sir
galihodin, sir galihud, sir menadeuke sir villiers the valiant, sir
hebes le renoumes, sir lavaine sir urre of hungary, sir nerounes, sir
plenorius. these two knights sir launcelot made, and the one he won
upon a bridge, and therefore they would never be against him. and harry
le fise du lake, and sir selises of the dolorous tower, and sir melias
de lile, and sir bellangere le beuse, that was sir alisander’s son le
orphelin, because his mother alice le beale pellerin and she was kin
unto sir launcelot, and he held with him. so there came sir palomides
and sir safere, his brother, to hold with sir launcelot, and sir clegis
of sadok, and sir dinas, sir clarius of cleremont. so these
two-and-twenty knights drew them together, and by then they were armed
on horseback, and promised sir launcelot to do what he would. then
there fell to them, what of north wales and of cornwall, for sir
lamorak’s sake and for sir tristram’s sake, to the number of a
fourscore knights.

my lords, said sir launcelot, wit you well, i have been ever since i
came into this country well willed unto my lord, king arthur, and unto
my lady, queen guenever, unto my power; and this night because my lady
the queen sent for me to speak with her, i suppose it was made by
treason, howbeit i dare largely excuse her person, notwithstanding i
was there by a forecast near slain, but as jesu provided me i escaped
all their malice and treason. and then that noble knight sir launcelot
told them all how he was hard bestead in the queen’s chamber, and how
and in what manner he escaped from them. and therefore, said sir
launcelot, wit you well, my fair lords, i am sure there nis but war
unto me and mine. and for because i have slain this night these
knights, i wot well, as is sir agravaine sir gawaine’s brother, and at
the least twelve of his fellows, for this cause now i am sure of mortal
war, for these knights were sent and ordained by king arthur to betray
me. and therefore the king will in his heat and malice judge the queen
to the fire, and that may i not suffer, that she should be brent for my
sake; for an i may be heard and suffered and so taken, i will fight for
the queen, that she is a true lady unto her lord; but the king in his
heat i dread me will not take me as i ought to be taken.




chapter vi. of the counsel and advice that was taken by sir launcelot
and his friends for to save the queen.


my lord, sir launcelot, said sir bors, by mine advice ye shall take the
woe with the weal, and take it in patience, and thank god of it. and
sithen it is fallen as it is, i counsel you keep yourself, for an ye
will yourself, there is no fellowship of knights christened that shall
do you wrong. also i will counsel you my lord, sir launcelot, than an
my lady, queen guenever, be in distress, insomuch as she is in pain for
your sake, that ye knightly rescue her; an ye did otherwise, all the
world will speak of you shame to the world’s end. insomuch as ye were
taken with her, whether ye did right or wrong, it is now your part to
hold with the queen, that she be not slain and put to a mischievous
death, for an she so die the shame shall be yours. jesu defend me from
shame, said sir launcelot, and keep and save my lady the queen from
villainy and shameful death, and that she never be destroyed in my
default; wherefore my fair lords, my kin, and my friends, said sir
launcelot, what will ye do? then they said all: we will do as ye will
do. i put this to you, said sir launcelot, that if my lord arthur by
evil counsel will to-morn in his heat put my lady the queen to the fire
there to be brent, now i pray you counsel me what is best to do. then
they said all at once with one voice: sir, us thinketh best that ye
knightly rescue the queen, insomuch as she shall be brent it is for
your sake; and it is to suppose, an ye might be handled, ye should have
the same death, or a more shamefuler death. and sir, we say all, that
ye have many times rescued her from death for other men’s quarrels, us
seemeth it is more your worship that ye rescue the queen from this
peril, insomuch she hath it for your sake.

then sir launcelot stood still, and said: my fair lords, wit you well i
would be loath to do that thing that should dishonour you or my blood,
and wit you well i would be loath that my lady, the queen, should die a
shameful death; but an it be so that ye will counsel me to rescue her,
i must do much harm or i rescue her; and peradventure i shall there
destroy some of my best friends, that should much repent me; and
peradventure there be some, an they could well bring it about, or
disobey my lord king arthur, they would soon come to me, the which i
were loath to hurt. and if so be that i rescue her, where shall i keep
her? that shall be the least care of us all, said sir bors. how did the
noble knight sir tristram, by your good will? kept not he with him la
beale isoud near three year in joyous gard? the which was done by your
alther device, and that same place is your own; and in likewise may ye
do an ye list, and take the queen lightly away, if it so be the king
will judge her to be brent; and in joyous gard ye may keep her long
enough until the heat of the king be past. and then shall ye bring
again the queen to the king with great worship; and then peradventure
ye shall have thank for her bringing home, and love and thank where
other shall have maugre.

that is hard to do, said sir launcelot, for by sir tristram i may have
a warning, for when by means of treaties, sir tristram brought again la
beale isoud unto king mark from joyous gard, look what befell on the
end, how shamefully that false traitor king mark slew him as he sat
harping afore his lady la beale isoud, with a grounden glaive he thrust
him in behind to the heart. it grieveth me, said sir launcelot, to
speak of his death, for all the world may not find such a knight. all
this is truth, said sir bors, but there is one thing shall courage you
and us all, ye know well king arthur and king mark were never like of
conditions, for there was never yet man could prove king arthur untrue
of his promise.

so to make short tale, they were all consented that for better outher
for worse, if so were that the queen were on that morn brought to the
fire, shortly they all would rescue her. and so by the advice of sir
launcelot, they put them all in an embushment in a wood, as nigh
carlisle as they might, and there they abode still, to wit what the
king would do.




chapter vii. how sir mordred rode hastily to the king, to tell him of
the affray and death of sir agravaine and the other knights.


now turn we again unto sir mordred, that when he was escaped from the
noble knight, sir launcelot, he anon gat his horse and mounted upon
him, and rode unto king arthur, sore wounded and smitten, and all
forbled; and there he told the king all how it was, and how they were
all slain save himself all only. jesu mercy, how may this be? said the
king; took ye him in the queen’s chamber? yea, so god me help, said sir
mordred, there we found him unarmed, and there he slew colgrevance, and
armed him in his armour; and all this he told the king from the
beginning to the ending. jesu mercy, said the king, he is a marvellous
knight of prowess. alas, me sore repenteth, said the king, that ever
sir launcelot should be against me. now i am sure the noble fellowship
of the round table is broken for ever, for with him will many a noble
knight hold; and now it is fallen so, said the king, that i may not
with my worship, but the queen must suffer the death. so then there was
made great ordinance in this heat, that the queen must be judged to the
death. and the law was such in those days that whatsomever they were,
of what estate or degree, if they were found guilty of treason, there
should be none other remedy but death; and outher the men or the taking
with the deed should be causer of their hasty judgment. and right so
was it ordained for queen guenever, because sir mordred was escaped
sore wounded, and the death of thirteen knights of the round table.
these proofs and experiences caused king arthur to command the queen to
the fire there to be brent.

then spake sir gawaine, and said: my lord arthur, i would counsel you
not to be over-hasty, but that ye would put it in respite, this
judgment of my lady the queen, for many causes. one it is, though it
were so that sir launcelot were found in the queen’s chamber, yet it
might be so that he came thither for none evil; for ye know my lord,
said sir gawaine, that the queen is much beholden unto sir launcelot,
more than unto any other knight, for ofttimes he hath saved her life,
and done battle for her when all the court refused the queen; and
peradventure she sent for him for goodness and for none evil, to reward
him for his good deeds that he had done to her in times past. and
peradventure my lady, the queen, sent for him to that intent that sir
launcelot should come to her good grace privily and secretly, weening
to her that it was best so to do, in eschewing and dreading of slander;
for ofttimes we do many things that we ween it be for the best, and yet
peradventure it turneth to the worst. for i dare say, said sir gawaine,
my lady, your queen, is to you both good and true; and as for sir
launcelot, said sir gawaine, i dare say he will make it good upon any
knight living that will put upon himself villainy or shame, and in like
wise he will make good for my lady, dame guenever.

that i believe well, said king arthur, but i will not that way with sir
launcelot, for he trusteth so much upon his hands and his might that he
doubteth no man; and therefore for my queen he shall never fight more,
for she shall have the law. and if i may get sir launcelot, wit you
well he shall have a shameful death. jesu defend, said sir gawaine,
that i may never see it. why say ye so? said king arthur; forsooth ye
have no cause to love sir launcelot, for this night last past he slew
your brother, sir agravaine, a full good knight, and almost he had
slain your other brother, sir mordred, and also there he slew thirteen
noble knights; and also, sir gawaine, remember you he slew two sons of
yours, sir florence and sir lovel. my lord, said sir gawaine, of all
this i have knowledge, of whose deaths i repent me sore; but insomuch i
gave them warning, and told my brethren and my sons aforehand what
would fall in the end, insomuch they would not do by my counsel, i will
not meddle me thereof, nor revenge me nothing of their deaths; for i
told them it was no boot to strive with sir launcelot. howbeit i am
sorry of the death of my brethren and of my sons, for they are the
causers of their own death; for ofttimes i warned my brother sir
agravaine, and i told him the perils the which be now fallen.




chapter viii. how sir launcelot and his kinsmen rescued the queen from
the fire, and how he slew many knights.


then said the noble king arthur to sir gawaine: dear nephew, i pray you
make you ready in your best armour, with your brethren, sir gaheris and
sir gareth, to bring my queen to the fire, there to have her judgment
and receive the death. nay, my most noble lord, said sir gawaine, that
will i never do; for wit you well i will never be in that place where
so noble a queen as is my lady, dame guenever, shall take a shameful
end. for wit you well, said sir gawaine, my heart will never serve me
to see her die; and it shall never be said that ever i was of your
counsel of her death.

then said the king to sir gawaine: suffer your brothers sir gaheris and
sir gareth to be there. my lord, said sir gawaine, wit you well they
will be loath to be there present, because of many adventures the which
be like there to fall, but they are young and full unable to say you
nay. then spake sir gaheris, and the good knight sir gareth, unto sir
arthur: sir, ye may well command us to be there, but wit you well it
shall be sore against our will; but an we be there by your strait
commandment ye shall plainly hold us there excused: we will be there in
peaceable wise, and bear none harness of war upon us. in the name of
god, said the king, then make you ready, for she shall soon have her
judgment anon. alas, said sir gawaine, that ever i should endure to see
this woful day. so sir gawaine turned him and wept heartily, and so he
went into his chamber; and then the queen was led forth without
carlisle, and there she was despoiled into her smock. and so then her
ghostly father was brought to her, to be shriven of her misdeeds. then
was there weeping, and wailing, and wringing of hands, of many lords
and ladies, but there were but few in comparison that would bear any
armour for to strength the death of the queen.

then was there one that sir launcelot had sent unto that place for to
espy what time the queen should go unto her death; and anon as he saw
the queen despoiled into her smock, and so shriven, then he gave sir
launcelot warning. then was there but spurring and plucking up of
horses, and right so they came to the fire. and who that stood against
them, there were they slain; there might none withstand sir launcelot,
so all that bare arms and withstood them, there were they slain, full
many a noble knight. for there was slain sir belliance le orgulous, sir
segwarides, sir griflet, sir brandiles, sir aglovale, sir tor; sir
gauter, sir gillimer, sir reynolds’ three brethren; sir damas, sir
priamus, sir kay the stranger, sir driant, sir lambegus, sir herminde;
sir pertilope, sir perimones, two brethren that were called the green
knight and the red knight. and so in this rushing and hurling, as sir
launcelot thrang here and there, it mishapped him to slay gaheris and
sir gareth, the noble knight, for they were unarmed and unware. for as
the french book saith, sir launcelot smote sir gareth and sir gaheris
upon the brain-pans, wherethrough they were slain in the field; howbeit
in very truth sir launcelot saw them not, and so were they found dead
among the thickest of the press.

then when sir launcelot had thus done, and slain and put to flight all
that would withstand him, then he rode straight unto dame guenever, and
made a kirtle and a gown to be cast upon her; and then he made her to
be set behind him, and prayed her to be of good cheer. wit you well the
queen was glad that she was escaped from the death. and then she
thanked god and sir launcelot; and so he rode his way with the queen,
as the french book saith, unto joyous gard, and there he kept her as a
noble knight should do; and many great lords and some kings sent sir
launcelot many good knights, and many noble knights drew unto sir
launcelot. when this was known openly, that king arthur and sir
launcelot were at debate, many knights were glad of their debate, and
many were full heavy of their debate.




chapter ix. of the sorrow and lamentation of king arthur for the death
of his nephews and other good knights, and also for the queen, his
wife.


so turn we again unto king arthur, that when it was told him how and in
what manner of wise the queen was taken away from the fire, and when he
heard of the death of his noble knights, and in especial of sir gaheris
and sir gareth’s death, then the king swooned for pure sorrow. and when
he awoke of his swoon, then he said: alas, that ever i bare crown upon
my head! for now have i lost the fairest fellowship of noble knights
that ever held christian king together. alas, my good knights be slain
away from me: now within these two days i have lost forty knights, and
also the noble fellowship of sir launcelot and his blood, for now i may
never hold them together no more with my worship. alas that ever this
war began. now fair fellows, said the king, i charge you that no man
tell sir gawaine of the death of his two brethren; for i am sure, said
the king, when sir gawaine heareth tell that sir gareth is dead he will
go nigh out of his mind. mercy jesu, said the king, why slew he sir
gareth and sir gaheris, for i dare say as for sir gareth he loved sir
launcelot above all men earthly. that is truth, said some knights, but
they were slain in the hurtling as sir launcelot thrang in the thick of
the press; and as they were unarmed he smote them and wist not whom
that he smote, and so unhappily they were slain. the death of them,
said arthur, will cause the greatest mortal war that ever was; i am
sure, wist sir gawaine that sir gareth were slain, i should never have
rest of him till i had destroyed sir launcelot’s kin and himself both,
outher else he to destroy me. and therefore, said the king, wit you
well my heart was never so heavy as it is now, and much more i am
sorrier for my good knights’ loss than for the loss of my fair queen;
for queens i might have enow, but such a fellowship of good knights
shall never be together in no company. and now i dare say, said king
arthur, there was never christian king held such a fellowship together;
and alas that ever sir launcelot and i should be at debate. ah
agravaine, agravaine, said the king, jesu forgive it thy soul, for
thine evil will, that thou and thy brother sir mordred hadst unto sir
launcelot, hath caused all this sorrow: and ever among these complaints
the king wept and swooned.

then there came one unto sir gawaine, and told him how the queen was
led away with sir launcelot, and nigh a twenty-four knights slain. o
jesu defend my brethren, said sir gawaine, for full well wist i that
sir launcelot would rescue her, outher else he would die in that field;
and to say the truth he had not been a man of worship had he not
rescued the queen that day, insomuch she should have been brent for his
sake. and as in that, said sir gawaine, he hath done but knightly, and
as i would have done myself an i had stood in like case. but where are
my brethren? said sir gawaine, i marvel i hear not of them. truly, said
that man, sir gareth and sir gaheris be slain. jesu defend, said sir
gawaine, for all the world i would not that they were slain, and in
especial my good brother, sir gareth. sir, said the man, he is slain,
and that is great pity. who slew him? said sir gawaine. sir, said the
man, launcelot slew them both. that may i not believe, said sir
gawaine, that ever he slew my brother, sir gareth; for i dare say my
brother gareth loved him better than me, and all his brethren, and the
king both. also i dare say, an sir launcelot had desired my brother sir
gareth, with him he would have been with him against the king and us
all, and therefore i may never believe that sir launcelot slew my
brother. sir, said this man, it is noised that he slew him.




chapter x. how king arthur at the request of sir gawaine concluded to
make war against sir launcelot, and laid siege to his castle called
joyous gard.


alas, said sir gawaine, now is my joy gone. and then he fell down and
swooned, and long he lay there as he had been dead. and then, when he
arose of his swoon, he cried out sorrowfully, and said: alas! and right
so sir gawaine ran to the king, crying and weeping: o king arthur, mine
uncle, my good brother sir gareth is slain, and so is my brother sir
gaheris, the which were two noble knights. then the king wept, and he
both; and so they fell a-swooning. and when they were revived then
spake sir gawaine: sir, i will go see my brother, sir gareth. ye may
not see him, said the king, for i caused him to be interred, and sir
gaheris both; for i well understood that ye would make over-much
sorrow, and the sight of sir gareth should have caused your double
sorrow. alas, my lord, said sir gawaine, how slew he my brother, sir
gareth? mine own good lord i pray you tell me. truly, said the king, i
shall tell you how it is told me, sir launcelot slew him and sir
gaheris both. alas, said sir gawaine, they bare none arms against him,
neither of them both. i wot not how it was, said the king, but as it is
said, sir launcelot slew them both in the thickest of the press and
knew them not; and therefore let us shape a remedy for to revenge their
deaths.

my king, my lord, and mine uncle, said sir gawaine, wit you well now i
shall make you a promise that i shall hold by my knighthood, that from
this day i shall never fail sir launcelot until the one of us have
slain the other. and therefore i require you, my lord and king, dress
you to the war, for wit you well i will be revenged upon sir launcelot;
and therefore, as ye will have my service and my love, now haste you
thereto, and assay your friends. for i promise unto god, said sir
gawaine, for the death of my brother, sir gareth, i shall seek sir
launcelot throughout seven kings’ realms, but i shall slay him or else
he shall slay me. ye shall not need to seek him so far, said the king,
for as i hear say, sir launcelot will abide me and you in the joyous
gard; and much people draweth unto him, as i hear say. that may i
believe, said sir gawaine; but my lord, he said, assay your friends,
and i will assay mine. it shall be done, said the king, and as i
suppose i shall be big enough to draw him out of the biggest tower of
his castle.

so then the king sent letters and writs throughout all england, both in
the length and the breadth, for to assummon all his knights. and so
unto arthur drew many knights, dukes, and earls, so that he had a great
host. and when they were assembled, the king informed them how sir
launcelot had bereft him his queen. then the king and all his host made
them ready to lay siege about sir launcelot, where he lay within joyous
gard. thereof heard sir launcelot, and purveyed him of many good
knights, for with him held many knights; and some for his own sake, and
some for the queen’s sake. thus they were on both parties well
furnished and garnished of all manner of thing that longed to the war.
but king arthur’s host was so big that sir launcelot would not abide
him in the field, for he was full loath to do battle against the king;
but sir launcelot drew him to his strong castle with all manner of
victual, and as many noble men as he might suffice within the town and
the castle. then came king arthur with sir gawaine with an huge host,
and laid a siege all about joyous gard, both at the town and at the
castle, and there they made strong war on both parties. but in no wise
sir launcelot would ride out, nor go out of his castle, of long time;
neither he would none of his good knights to issue out, neither none of
the town nor of the castle, until fifteen weeks were past.




chapter xi. of the communication between king arthur and sir launcelot,
and how king arthur reproved him.


then it befell upon a day in harvest time, sir launcelot looked over
the walls, and spake on high unto king arthur and sir gawaine: my lords
both, wit ye well all is in vain that ye make at this siege, for here
win ye no worship but maugre and dishonour; for an it list me to come
myself out and my good knights, i should full soon make an end of this
war. come forth, said arthur unto launcelot, an thou durst, and i
promise thee i shall meet thee in midst of the field. god defend me,
said sir launcelot, that ever i should encounter with the most noble
king that made me knight. fie upon thy fair language, said the king,
for wit you well and trust it, i am thy mortal foe, and ever will to my
death day; for thou hast slain my good knights, and full noble men of
my blood, that i shall never recover again. also thou hast lain by my
queen, and holden her many winters, and sithen like a traitor taken her
from me by force.

my most noble lord and king, said sir launcelot, ye may say what ye
will, for ye wot well with yourself will i not strive; but thereas ye
say i have slain your good knights, i wot well that i have done so, and
that me sore repenteth; but i was enforced to do battle with them in
saving of my life, or else i must have suffered them to have slain me.
and as for my lady, queen guenever, except your person of your
highness, and my lord sir gawaine, there is no knight under heaven that
dare make it good upon me, that ever i was a traitor unto your person.
and where it please you to say that i have holden my lady your queen
years and winters, unto that i shall ever make a large answer, and
prove it upon any knight that beareth the life, except your person and
sir gawaine, that my lady, queen guenever, is a true lady unto your
person as any is living unto her lord, and that will i make good with
my hands. howbeit it hath liked her good grace to have me in chierte,
and to cherish me more than any other knight; and unto my power i again
have deserved her love, for ofttimes, my lord, ye have consented that
she should be brent and destroyed, in your heat, and then it fortuned
me to do battle for her, and or i departed from her adversary they
confessed their untruth, and she full worshipfully excused. and at such
times, my lord arthur, said sir launcelot, ye loved me, and thanked me
when i saved your queen from the fire; and then ye promised me for ever
to be my good lord; and now methinketh ye reward me full ill for my
good service. and my good lord, meseemeth i had lost a great part of my
worship in my knighthood an i had suffered my lady, your queen, to have
been brent, and insomuch she should have been brent for my sake. for
sithen i have done battles for your queen in other quarrels than in
mine own, meseemeth now i had more right to do battle for her in right
quarrel. and therefore my good and gracious lord, said sir launcelot,
take your queen unto your good grace, for she is both fair, true, and
good.

fie on thee, false recreant knight, said sir gawaine; i let thee wit my
lord, mine uncle, king arthur, shall have his queen and thee, maugre
thy visage, and slay you both whether it please him. it may well be,
said sir launcelot, but wit you well, my lord sir gawaine, an me list
to come out of this castle ye should win me and the queen more harder
than ever ye won a strong battle. fie on thy proud words, said sir
gawaine; as for my lady, the queen, i will never say of her shame. but
thou, false and recreant knight, said sir gawaine, what cause hadst
thou to slay my good brother sir gareth, that loved thee more than all
my kin? alas thou madest him knight thine own hands; why slew thou him
that loved thee so well? for to excuse me, said sir launcelot, it
helpeth me not, but by jesu, and by the faith that i owe to the high
order of knighthood, i should with as good will have slain my nephew,
sir bors de ganis, at that time. but alas that ever i was so unhappy,
said launcelot, that i had not seen sir gareth and sir gaheris.

thou liest, recreant knight, said sir gawaine, thou slewest him in
despite of me; and therefore, wit thou well i shall make war to thee,
and all the while that i may live. that me repenteth, said sir
launcelot; for well i understand it helpeth not to seek none accordment
while ye, sir gawaine, are so mischievously set. and if ye were not, i
would not doubt to have the good grace of my lord arthur. i believe it
well, false recreant knight, said sir gawaine; for thou hast many long
days overled me and us all, and destroyed many of our good knights. ye
say as it pleaseth you, said sir launcelot; and yet may it never be
said on me, and openly proved, that ever i by forecast of treason slew
no good knight, as my lord, sir gawaine, ye have done; and so did i
never, but in my defence that i was driven thereto, in saving of my
life. ah, false knight, said sir gawaine, that thou meanest by sir
lamorak: wit thou well i slew him. ye slew him not yourself, said sir
launcelot; it had been overmuch on hand for you to have slain him, for
he was one of the best knights christened of his age, and it was great
pity of his death.




chapter xii. how the cousins and kinsmen of sir launcelot excited him
to go out to battle, and how they made them ready.


well, well, said sir gawaine to launcelot, sithen thou enbraidest me of
sir lamorak, wit thou well i shall never leave thee till i have thee at
such avail that thou shalt not escape my hands. i trust you well
enough, said sir launcelot, an ye may get me i get but little mercy.
but as the french book saith, the noble king arthur would have taken
his queen again, and have been accorded with sir launcelot, but sir
gawaine would not suffer him by no manner of mean. and then sir gawaine
made many men to blow upon sir launcelot; and all at once they called
him false recreant knight.

then when sir bors de ganis, sir ector de maris, and sir lionel, heard
this outcry, they called to them sir palomides, sir safere’s brother,
and sir lavaine, with many more of their blood, and all they went unto
sir launcelot, and said thus: my lord sir launcelot, wit ye well we
have great scorn of the great rebukes that we heard gawaine say to you;
wherefore we pray you, and charge you as ye will have our service, keep
us no longer within these walls; for wit you well plainly, we will ride
into the field and do battle with them; for ye fare as a man that were
afeard, and for all your fair speech it will not avail you. for wit you
well sir gawaine will not suffer you to be accorded with king arthur,
and therefore fight for your life and your right, an ye dare. alas,
said sir launcelot, for to ride out of this castle, and to do battle, i
am full loath.

then sir launcelot spake on high unto sir arthur and sir gawaine: my
lords, i require you and beseech you, sithen that i am thus required
and conjured to ride into the field, that neither you, my lord king
arthur, nor you sir gawaine, come not into the field. what shall we do
then? said sir gawaine, [n]is this the king’s quarrel with thee to
fight? and it is my quarrel to fight with thee, sir launcelot, because
of the death of my brother sir gareth. then must i needs unto battle,
said sir launcelot. now wit you well, my lord arthur and sir gawaine,
ye will repent it whensomever i do battle with you.

and so then they departed either from other; and then either party made
them ready on the morn for to do battle, and great purveyance was made
on both sides; and sir gawaine let purvey many knights for to wait upon
sir launcelot, for to overset him and to slay him. and on the morn at
underne sir arthur was ready in the field with three great hosts. and
then sir launcelot’s fellowship came out at three gates, in a full good
array; and sir lionel came in the foremost battle, and sir launcelot
came in the middle, and sir bors came out at the third gate. thus they
came in order and rule, as full noble knights; and always sir launcelot
charged all his knights in any wise to save king arthur and sir
gawaine.




chapter xiii. how sir gawaine jousted and smote down sir lionel, and
how sir launcelot horsed king arthur.


then came forth sir gawaine from the king’s host, and he came before
and proffered to joust. and sir lionel was a fierce knight, and lightly
he encountered with sir gawaine; and there sir gawaine smote sir lionel
through out the body, that he dashed to the earth like as he had been
dead; and then sir ector de maris and other more bare him into the
castle. then there began a great stour, and much people was slain; and
ever sir launcelot did what he might to save the people on king
arthur’s party, for sir palomides, and sir bors, and sir safere,
overthrew many knights, for they were deadly knights. and sir blamore
de ganis, and sir bleoberis de ganis, with sir bellangere le beuse,
these six knights did much harm; and ever king arthur was nigh about
sir launcelot to have slain him, and sir launcelot suffered him, and
would not strike again. so sir bors encountered with king arthur, and
there with a spear sir bors smote him down; and so he alighted and drew
his sword, and said to sir launcelot: shall i make an end of this war?
and that he meant to have slain king arthur. not so hardy, said sir
launcelot, upon pain of thy head, that thou touch him no more, for i
will never see that most noble king that made me knight neither slain
ne shamed. and therewithal sir launcelot alighted off his horse and
took up the king and horsed him again, and said thus: my lord arthur,
for god’s love stint this strife, for ye get here no worship, and i
would do mine utterance, but always i forbear you, and ye nor none of
yours forbeareth me; my lord, remember what i have done in many places,
and now i am evil rewarded.

then when king arthur was on horseback, he looked upon sir launcelot,
and then the tears brast out of his eyen, thinking on the great
courtesy that was in sir launcelot more than in any other man; and
therewith the king rode his way, and might no longer behold him, and
said: alas, that ever this war began. and then either parties of the
battles withdrew them to repose them, and buried the dead, and to the
wounded men they laid soft salves; and thus they endured that night
till on the morn. and on the morn by underne they made them ready to do
battle. and then sir bors led the forward.

so upon the morn there came sir gawaine as brim as any boar, with a
great spear in his hand. and when sir bors saw him he thought to
revenge his brother sir lionel of the despite that sir gawaine did him
the other day. and so they that knew either other feutred their spears,
and with all their mights of their horses and themselves, they met
together so felonously that either bare other through, and so they fell
both to the earth; and then the battles joined, and there was much
slaughter on both parties. then sir launcelot rescued sir bors, and
sent him into the castle; but neither sir gawaine nor sir bors died not
of their wounds, for they were all holpen. then sir lavaine and sir
urre prayed sir launcelot to do his pain, and fight as they had done;
for we see ye forbear and spare, and that doth much harm; therefore we
pray you spare not your enemies no more than they do you. alas, said
sir launcelot, i have no heart to fight against my lord arthur, for
ever meseemeth i do not as i ought to do. my lord, said sir palomides,
though ye spare them all this day they will never con you thank; and if
they may get you at avail ye are but dead. so then sir launcelot
understood that they said him truth; and then he strained himself more
than he did aforehand, and because his nephew sir bors was sore
wounded. and then within a little while, by evensong time, sir
launcelot and his party better stood, for their horses went in blood
past the fetlocks, there was so much people slain. and then for pity
sir launcelot withheld his knights, and suffered king arthur’s party
for to withdraw them aside. and then sir launcelot’s party withdrew
them into his castle, and either parties buried the dead, and put salve
unto the wounded men.

so when sir gawaine was hurt, they on king arthur’s party were not so
orgulous as they were toforehand to do battle. of this war was noised
through all christendom, and at the last it was noised afore the pope;
and he considering the great goodness of king arthur, and of sir
launcelot, that was called the most noblest knights of the world,
wherefore the pope called unto him a noble clerk that at that time was
there present; the french book saith, it was the bishop of rochester;
and the pope gave him bulls under lead unto king arthur of england,
charging him upon pain of interdicting of all england, that he take his
queen dame guenever unto him again, and accord with sir launcelot.




chapter xiv. how the pope sent down his bulls to make peace, and how
sir launcelot brought the queen to king arthur.


so when this bishop was come to carlisle he shewed the king these
bulls. and when the king understood these bulls he nist what to do:
full fain he would have been accorded with sir launcelot, but sir
gawaine would not suffer him; but as for to have the queen, thereto he
agreed. but in nowise sir gawaine would not suffer the king to accord
with sir launcelot; but as for the queen he consented. and then the
bishop had of the king his great seal, and his assurance as he was a
true anointed king that sir launcelot should come safe, and go safe,
and that the queen should not be spoken unto of the king, nor of none
other, for no thing done afore time past; and of all these appointments
the bishop brought with him sure assurance and writing, to shew sir
launcelot.

so when the bishop was come to joyous gard, there he shewed sir
launcelot how the pope had written to arthur and unto him, and there he
told him the perils if he withheld the queen from the king. it was
never in my thought, said launcelot, to withhold the queen from my lord
arthur; but, insomuch she should have been dead for my sake, meseemeth
it was my part to save her life, and put her from that danger, till
better recover might come. and now i thank god, said sir launcelot,
that the pope hath made her peace; for god knoweth, said sir launcelot,
i will be a thousandfold more gladder to bring her again, than ever i
was of her taking away; with this, i may be sure to come safe and go
safe, and that the queen shall have her liberty as she had before; and
never for no thing that hath been surmised afore this time, she never
from this day stand in no peril. for else, said sir launcelot, i dare
adventure me to keep her from an harder shour than ever i kept her. it
shall not need you, said the bishop, to dread so much; for wit you
well, the pope must be obeyed, and it were not the pope’s worship nor
my poor honesty to wit you distressed, neither the queen, neither in
peril, nor shamed. and then he shewed sir launcelot all his writing,
both from the pope and from king arthur. this is sure enough, said sir
launcelot, for full well i dare trust my lord’s own writing and his
seal, for he was never shamed of his promise. therefore, said sir
launcelot unto the bishop, ye shall ride unto the king afore, and
recommend me unto his good grace, and let him have knowledging that
this same day eight days, by the grace of god, i myself shall bring my
lady, queen guenever, unto him. and then say ye unto my most redoubted
king, that i will say largely for the queen, that i shall none except
for dread nor fear, but the king himself, and my lord sir gawaine; and
that is more for the king’s love than for himself.

so the bishop departed and came to the king at carlisle, and told him
all how sir launcelot answered him; and then the tears brast out of the
king’s eyen. then sir launcelot purveyed him an hundred knights, and
all were clothed in green velvet, and their horses trapped to their
heels; and every knight held a branch of olive in his hand, in tokening
of peace. and the queen had four-and-twenty gentlewomen following her
in the same wise; and sir launcelot had twelve coursers following him,
and on every courser sat a young gentleman, and all they were arrayed
in green velvet, with sarps of gold about their quarters, and the horse
trapped in the same wise down to the heels, with many ouches, y-set
with stones and pearls in gold, to the number of a thousand. and she
and sir launcelot were clothed in white cloth of gold tissue; and right
so as ye have heard, as the french book maketh mention, he rode with
the queen from joyous gard to carlisle. and so sir launcelot rode
throughout carlisle, and so in the castle, that all men might behold;
and wit you well there was many a weeping eye. and then sir launcelot
himself alighted and avoided his horse, and took the queen, and so led
her where king arthur was in his seat: and sir gawaine sat afore him,
and many other great lords. so when sir launcelot saw the king and sir
gawaine, then he led the queen by the arm, and then he kneeled down,
and the queen both. wit you well then was there many bold knight there
with king arthur that wept as tenderly as though they had seen all
their kin afore them. so the king sat still, and said no word. and when
sir launcelot saw his countenance, he arose and pulled up the queen
with him, and thus he spake full knightly.




chapter xv. of the deliverance of the queen to the king by sir
launcelot, and what language sir gawaine had to sir launcelot.


my most redoubted king, ye shall understand, by the pope’s commandment
and yours, i have brought to you my lady the queen, as right requireth;
and if there be any knight, of whatsomever degree that he be, except
your person, that will say or dare say but that she is true and clean
to you, i here myself, sir launcelot du lake, will make it good upon
his body, that she is a true lady unto you; but liars ye have listened,
and that hath caused debate betwixt you and me. for time hath been, my
lord arthur, that ye have been greatly pleased with me when i did
battle for my lady, your queen; and full well ye know, my most noble
king, that she hath been put to great wrong or this time; and sithen it
pleased you at many times that i should fight for her, meseemeth, my
good lord, i had more cause to rescue her from the fire, insomuch she
should have been brent for my sake. for they that told you those tales
were liars, and so it fell upon them; for by likelihood had not the
might of god been with me, i might never have endured fourteen knights,
and they armed and afore purposed, and i unarmed and not purposed. for
i was sent for unto my lady your queen, i wot not for what cause; but i
was not so soon within the chamber door, but anon sir agravaine and sir
mordred called me traitor and recreant knight. they called thee right,
said sir gawaine. my lord sir gawaine, said sir launcelot, in their
quarrel they proved themselves not in the right. well well, sir
launcelot, said the king, i have given thee no cause to do to me as
thou hast done, for i have worshipped thee and thine more than any of
all my knights.

my good lord, said sir launcelot, so ye be not displeased, ye shall
understand i and mine have done you oft better service than any other
knights have done, in many divers places; and where ye have been full
hard bestead divers times, i have myself rescued you from many dangers;
and ever unto my power i was glad to please you, and my lord sir
gawaine; both in jousts, and tournaments, and in battles set, both on
horseback and on foot, i have often rescued you, and my lord sir
gawaine, and many mo of your knights in many divers places. for now i
will make avaunt, said sir launcelot, i will that ye all wit that yet i
found never no manner of knight but that i was overhard for him, an i
had done my utterance, thanked be god; howbeit i have been matched with
good knights, as sir tristram and sir lamorak, but ever i had a favour
unto them and a deeming what they were. and i take god to record, said
sir launcelot, i never was wroth nor greatly heavy with no good knight
an i saw him busy about to win worship; and glad i was ever when i
found any knight that might endure me on horseback and on foot: howbeit
sir carados of the dolorous tower was a full noble knight and a passing
strong man, and that wot ye, my lord sir gawaine; for he might well be
called a noble knight when he by fine force pulled you out of your
saddle, and bound you overthwart afore him to his saddle bow; and
there, my lord sir gawaine, i rescued you, and slew him afore your
sight. also i found his brother, sir turquin, in likewise leading sir
gaheris, your brother, bounden afore him; and there i rescued your
brother and slew that turquin, and delivered three-score-and-four of my
lord arthur’s knights out of his prison. and now i dare say, said sir
launcelot, i met never with so strong knights, nor so well fighting, as
was sir carados and sir turquin, for i fought with them to the
uttermost. and therefore, said sir launcelot unto sir gawaine,
meseemeth ye ought of right to remember this; for, an i might have your
good will, i would trust to god to have my lord arthur’s good grace.




chapter xvi. of the communication between sir gawaine and sir
launcelot, with much other language.


the king may do as he will, said sir gawaine, but wit thou well, sir
launcelot, thou and i shall never be accorded while we live, for thou
hast slain three of my brethren; and two of them ye slew traitorly and
piteously, for they bare none harness against thee, nor none would
bear. god would they had been armed, said sir launcelot, for then had
they been alive. and wit ye well sir gawaine, as for sir gareth, i love
none of my kinsmen so much as i did him; and ever while i live, said
sir launcelot, i will bewail sir gareth’s death, not all only for the
great fear i have of you, but many causes cause me to be sorrowful. one
is, for i made him knight; another is, i wot well he loved me above all
other knights; and the third is, he was passing noble, true, courteous,
and gentle, and well conditioned; the fourth is, i wist well, anon as i
heard that sir gareth was dead, i should never after have your love,
but everlasting war betwixt us; and also i wist well that ye would
cause my noble lord arthur for ever to be my mortal foe. and as jesu be
my help, said sir launcelot, i slew never sir gareth nor sir gaheris by
my will; but alas that ever they were unarmed that unhappy day. but
thus much i shall offer me, said sir launcelot, if it may please the
king’s good grace, and you, my lord sir gawaine, i shall first begin at
sandwich, and there i shall go in my shirt, barefoot; and at every ten
miles’ end i will found and gar make an house of religion, of what
order that ye will assign me, with an whole convent, to sing and read,
day and night, in especial for sir gareth’s sake and sir gaheris. and
this shall i perform from sandwich unto carlisle; and every house shall
have sufficient livelihood. and this shall i perform while i have any
livelihood in christendom; and there nis none of all these religious
places, but they shall be performed, furnished and garnished in all
things as an holy place ought to be, i promise you faithfully. and
this, sir gawaine, methinketh were more fairer, holier, and more better
to their souls, than ye, my most noble king, and you, sir gawaine, to
war upon me, for thereby shall ye get none avail.

then all knights and ladies that were there wept as they were mad, and
the tears fell on king arthur’s cheeks. sir launcelot, said sir
gawaine, i have right well heard thy speech, and thy great proffers,
but wit thou well, let the king do as it pleased him, i will never
forgive my brothers’ death, and in especial the death of my brother,
sir gareth. and if mine uncle, king arthur, will accord with thee, he
shall lose my service, for wit thou well thou art both false to the
king and to me. sir, said launcelot, he beareth not the life that may
make that good; and if ye, sir gawaine, will charge me with so high a
thing, ye must pardon me, for then needs must i answer you. nay, said
sir gawaine, we are past that at this time, and that caused the pope,
for he hath charged mine uncle, the king, that he shall take his queen
again, and to accord with thee, sir launcelot, as for this season, and
therefore thou shalt go safe as thou camest. but in this land thou
shalt not abide past fifteen days, such summons i give thee: so the
king and we were consented and accorded or thou camest. and else, said
sir gawaine, wit thou well thou shouldst not have come here, but if it
were maugre thy head. and if it were not for the pope’s commandment,
said sir gawaine, i should do battle with mine own body against thy
body, and prove it upon thee, that thou hast been both false unto mine
uncle king arthur, and to me both; and that shall i prove upon thy
body, when thou art departed from hence, wheresomever i find thee.




chapter xvii. how sir launcelot departed from the king and from joyous
gard over seaward, and what knights went with him.


then sir launcelot sighed, and therewith the tears fell on his cheeks,
and then he said thus: alas, most noble christian realm, whom i have
loved above all other realms, and in thee i have gotten a great part of
my worship, and now i shall depart in this wise. truly me repenteth
that ever i came in this realm, that should be thus shamefully
banished, undeserved and causeless; but fortune is so variant, and the
wheel so moveable, there nis none constant abiding, and that may be
proved by many old chronicles, of noble ector, and troilus, and
alisander, the mighty conqueror, and many mo other; when they were most
in their royalty, they alighted lowest. and so fareth it by me, said
sir launcelot, for in this realm i had worship, and by me and mine all
the whole round table hath been increased more in worship, by me and
mine blood, than by any other. and therefore wit thou well, sir
gawaine, i may live upon my lands as well as any knight that here is.
and if ye, most redoubted king, will come upon my lands with sir
gawaine to war upon me, i must endure you as well as i may. but as to
you, sir gawaine, if that ye come there, i pray you charge me not with
treason nor felony, for an ye do, i must answer you. do thou thy best,
said sir gawaine; therefore hie thee fast that thou were gone, and wit
thou well we shall soon come after, and break the strongest castle that
thou hast, upon thy head. that shall not need, said sir launcelot, for
an i were as orgulous set as ye are, wit you well i should meet you in
midst of the field. make thou no more language, said sir gawaine, but
deliver the queen from thee, and pike thee lightly out of this court.
well, said sir launcelot, an i had wist of this short coming, i would
have advised me twice or that i had come hither; for an the queen had
been so dear to me as ye noise her, i durst have kept her from the
fellowship of the best knights under heaven.

and then sir launcelot said unto guenever, in hearing of the king and
them all: madam, now i must depart from you and this noble fellowship
for ever; and sithen it is so, i beseech you to pray for me, and say me
well; and if ye be hard bestead by any false tongues, lightly my lady
send me word, and if any knight’s hands may deliver you by battle, i
shall deliver you. and therewithal sir launcelot kissed the queen; and
then he said all openly. now let see what he be in this place that dare
say the queen is not true unto my lord arthur, let see who will speak
an he dare speak. and therewith he brought the queen to the king, and
then sir launcelot took his leave and departed; and there was neither
king, duke, nor earl, baron nor knight, lady nor gentlewoman, but all
they wept as people out of their mind, except sir gawaine. and when the
noble sir launcelot took his horse to ride out of carlisle, there was
sobbing and weeping for pure dole of his departing; and so he took his
way unto joyous gard. and then ever after he called it the dolorous
gard. and thus departed sir launcelot from the court for ever.

and so when he came to joyous gard he called his fellowship unto him,
and asked them what they would do. then they answered all wholly
together with one voice they would as he would do. my fair fellows,
said sir launcelot, i must depart out of this most noble realm, and now
i shall depart it grieveth me sore, for i shall depart with no worship,
for a flemed man departed never out of a realm with no worship; and
that is my heaviness, for ever i fear after my days that men shall
chronicle upon me that i was flemed out of this land; and else, my fair
lords, be ye sure, an i had not dread shame, my lady, queen guenever,
and i should never have departed.

then spake many noble knights, as sir palomides, sir safere his
brother, and sir bellingere le beuse, and sir urre, with sir lavaine,
with many others: sir, an ye be so disposed to abide in this land we
will never fail you; and if ye list not to abide in this land there nis
none of the good knights that here be will fail you, for many causes.
one is, all we that be not of your blood shall never be welcome to the
court. and sithen it liked us to take a part with you in your distress
and heaviness in this realm, wit you well it shall like us as well to
go in other countries with you, and there to take such part as ye do.
my fair lords, said sir launcelot, i well understand you, and as i can,
thank you: and ye shall understand, such livelihood as i am born unto i
shall depart with you in this manner of wise; that is for to say, i
shall depart all my livelihood and all my lands freely among you, and i
myself will have as little as any of you, for have i sufficient that
may long to my person, i will ask none other rich array; and i trust to
god to maintain you on my lands as well as ever were maintained any
knights. then spake all the knights at once: he have shame that will
leave you; for we all understand in this realm will be now no quiet,
but ever strife and debate, now the fellowship of the round table is
broken; for by the noble fellowship of the round table was king arthur
upborne, and by their noblesse the king and all his realm was in quiet
and rest, and a great part they said all was because of your noblesse.




chapter xviii. how sir launcelot passed over the sea, and how he made
great lords of the knights that went with him.


truly, said sir launcelot, i thank you all of your good saying,
howbeit, i wot well, in me was not all the stability of this realm, but
in that i might i did my devoir; and well i am sure i knew many
rebellions in my days that by me were peaced, and i trow we all shall
hear of them in short space, and that me sore repenteth. for ever i
dread me, said sir launcelot, that sir mordred will make trouble, for
he is passing envious and applieth him to trouble. so they were
accorded to go with sir launcelot to his lands; and to make short tale,
they trussed, and paid all that would ask them; and wholly an hundred
knights departed with sir launcelot at once, and made their avows they
would never leave him for weal nor for woe.

and so they shipped at cardiff, and sailed unto benwick: some men call
it bayonne, and some men call it beaune, where the wine of beaune is.
but to say the sooth, sir launcelot and his nephews were lords of all
france, and of all the lands that longed unto france; he and his
kindred rejoiced it all through sir launcelot’s noble prowess. and then
sir launcelot stuffed and furnished and garnished all his noble towns
and castles. then all the people of those lands came to sir launcelot
on foot and hands. and so when he had stablished all these countries,
he shortly called a parliament; and there he crowned sir lionel, king
of france; and sir bors [he] crowned him king of all king claudas’
lands; and sir ector de maris, that was sir launcelot’s youngest
brother, he crowned him king of benwick, and king of all guienne, that
was sir launcelot’s own land. and he made sir ector prince of them all,
and thus he departed.

then sir launcelot advanced all his noble knights, and first he
advanced them of his blood; that was sir blamore, he made him duke of
limosin in guienne and sir bleoberis he made him duke of poictiers, and
sir gahalantine he made him duke of querne, and sir galihodin he made
him duke of sentonge, and sir galihud he made him earl of perigot, and
sir menadeuke he made him earl of roerge, and sir villiars the valiant
he made him earl of bearn, and sir hebes le renoumes he made him earl
of comange, and sir lavaine he made him earl of arminak, and sir urre
he made him earl of estrake, and sir neroneus he made him earl of
pardiak, and sir plenorius he made earl of foise, and sir selises of
the dolorous tower he made him earl of masauke, and sir melias de lile
he made him earl of tursauk, and sir bellangere le beuse he made earl
of the launds, and sir palomides he made him duke of the provence, and
sir safere he made him duke of landok, and sir clegis he gave him the
earldom of agente, and sir sadok he gave the earldom of surlat, and sir
dinas le seneschal he made him duke of anjou, and sir clarrus he made
him duke of normandy. thus sir launcelot rewarded his noble knights and
many more, that meseemeth it were too long to rehearse.




chapter xix. how king arthur and sir gawaine made a great host ready to
go over sea to make war on sir launcelot.


so leave we sir launcelot in his lands, and his noble knights with him,
and return we again unto king arthur and to sir gawaine, that made a
great host ready, to the number of threescore thousand; and all thing
was made ready for their shipping to pass over the sea, and so they
shipped at cardiff. and there king arthur made sir mordred chief ruler
of all england, and also he put queen guenever under his governance;
because sir mordred was king arthur’s son, he gave him the rule of his
land and of his wife; and so the king passed the sea and landed upon
sir launcelot’s lands, and there he brent and wasted, through the
vengeance of sir gawaine, all that they might overrun.

when this word came to sir launcelot, that king arthur and sir gawaine
were landed upon his lands, and made a full great destruction and
waste, then spake sir bors, and said: my lord sir launcelot, it is
shame that we suffer them thus to ride over our lands, for wit you
well, suffer ye them as long as ye will, they will do you no favour an
they may handle you. then said sir lionel that was wary and wise: my
lord sir launcelot, i will give this counsel, let us keep our strong
walled towns until they have hunger and cold, and blow on their nails;
and then let us freshly set upon them, and shred them down as sheep in
a field, that aliens may take example for ever how they land upon our
lands.

then spake king bagdemagus to sir launcelot: sir, your courtesy will
shende us all, and thy courtesy hath waked all this sorrow; for an they
thus over our lands ride, they shall by process bring us all to nought
whilst we thus in holes us hide. then said sir galihud unto sir
launcelot: sir, here be knights come of kings’ blood, that will not
long droop, and they are within these walls; therefore give us leave,
like as we be knights, to meet them in the field, and we shall slay
them, that they shall curse the time that ever they came into this
country. then spake seven brethren of north wales, and they were seven
noble knights; a man might seek in seven kings’ lands or he might find
such seven knights. then they all said at once: sir launcelot, for
christ’s sake let us out ride with sir galihud, for we be never wont to
cower in castles nor in noble towns.

then spake sir launcelot, that was master and governor of them all: my
fair lords, wit you well i am full loath to ride out with my knights
for shedding of christian blood; and yet my lands i understand be full
bare for to sustain any host awhile, for the mighty wars that whilom
made king claudas upon this country, upon my father king ban, and on
mine uncle king bors; howbeit we will as at this time keep our strong
walls, and i shall send a messenger unto my lord arthur, a treaty for
to take; for better is peace than always war.

so sir launcelot sent forth a damosel and a dwarf with her, requiring
king arthur to leave his warring upon his lands; and so she start upon
a palfrey, and the dwarf ran by her side. and when she came to the
pavilion of king arthur, there she alighted; and there met her a gentle
knight, sir lucan the butler, and said: fair damosel, come ye from sir
launcelot du lake? yea sir, she said, therefore i come hither to speak
with my lord the king. alas, said sir lucan, my lord arthur would love
launcelot, but sir gawaine will not suffer him. and then he said: i
pray to god, damosel, ye may speed well, for all we that be about the
king would sir launcelot did best of any knight living. and so with
this lucan led the damosel unto the king where he sat with sir gawaine,
for to hear what she would say. so when she had told her tale, the
water ran out of the king’s eyen, and all the lords were full glad for
to advise the king as to be accorded with sir launcelot, save all only
sir gawaine, and he said: my lord mine uncle, what will ye do? will ye
now turn again, now ye are passed thus far upon this journey? all the
world will speak of your villainy. nay, said arthur, wit thou well, sir
gawaine, i will do as ye will advise me; and yet meseemeth, said
arthur, his fair proffers were not good to be refused; but sithen i am
come so far upon this journey, i will that ye give the damosel her
answer, for i may not speak to her for pity, for her proffers be so
large.




chapter xx. what message sir gawaine sent to sir launcelot; and how
king arthur laid siege to benwick, and other matters.


then sir gawaine said to the damosel thus: damosel, say ye to sir
launcelot that it is waste labour now to sue to mine uncle; for tell
him, an he would have made any labour for peace, he should have made it
or this time, for tell him now it is too late; and say that i, sir
gawaine, so send him word, that i promise him by the faith i owe unto
god and to knighthood, i shall never leave him till he have slain me or
i him. so the damosel wept and departed, and there were many weeping
eyen; and so sir lucan brought the damosel to her palfrey, and so she
came to sir launcelot where he was among all his knights. and when sir
launcelot had heard this answer, then the tears ran down by his cheeks.
and then his noble knights strode about him, and said: sir launcelot,
wherefore make ye such cheer, think what ye are, and what men we are,
and let us noble knights match them in midst of the field. that may be
lightly done, said sir launcelot, but i was never so loath to do
battle, and therefore i pray you, fair sirs, as ye love me, be ruled as
i will have you, for i will always flee that noble king that made me
knight. and when i may no further, i must needs defend me, and that
will be more worship for me and us all than to compare with that noble
king whom we have all served. then they held their language, and as
that night they took their rest.

and upon the morn early, in the dawning of the day, as knights looked
out, they saw the city of benwick besieged round about; and fast they
began to set up ladders, and then they defied them out of the town, and
beat them from the walls wightly. then came forth sir gawaine well
armed upon a stiff steed, and he came before the chief gate, with his
spear in his hand, crying: sir launcelot, where art thou? is there none
of you proud knights dare break a spear with me? then sir bors made him
ready, and came forth out of the town, and there sir gawaine
encountered with sir bors. and at that time he smote sir bors down from
his horse, and almost he had slain him; and so sir bors was rescued and
borne into the town. then came forth sir lionel, brother to sir bors,
and thought to revenge him; and either feutred their spears, and ran
together; and there they met spitefully, but sir gawaine had such grace
that he smote sir lionel down, and wounded him there passing sore; and
then sir lionel was rescued and borne into the town. and this sir
gawaine came every day, and he failed not but that he smote down one
knight or other.

so thus they endured half a year, and much slaughter was of people on
both parties. then it befell upon a day, sir gawaine came afore the
gates armed at all pieces on a noble horse, with a great spear in his
hand; and then he cried with a loud voice: where art thou now, thou
false traitor, sir launcelot? why hidest thou thyself within holes and
walls like a coward? look out now, thou false traitor knight, and here
i shall revenge upon thy body the death of my three brethren. all this
language heard sir launcelot every deal; and his kin and his knights
drew about him, and all they said at once to sir launcelot: sir
launcelot, now must ye defend you like a knight, or else ye be shamed
for ever; for, now ye be called upon treason, it is time for you to
stir, for ye have slept over-long and suffered over-much. so god me
help, said sir launcelot, i am right heavy of sir gawaine’s words, for
now he charged me with a great charge; and therefore i wot it as well
as ye, that i must defend me, or else to be recreant.

then sir launcelot bade saddle his strongest horse, and bade let fetch
his arms, and bring all unto the gate of the tower; and then sir
launcelot spake on high unto king arthur, and said: my lord arthur, and
noble king that made me knight, wit you well i am right heavy for your
sake, that ye thus sue upon me; and always i forbare you, for an i
would have been vengeable, i might have met you in midst of the field,
and there to have made your boldest knights full tame. and now i have
forborne half a year, and suffered you and sir gawaine to do what ye
would do; and now may i endure it no longer, for now must i needs
defend myself, insomuch sir gawaine hath appealed me of treason; the
which is greatly against my will that ever i should fight against any
of your blood, but now i may not forsake it, i am driven thereto as a
beast till a bay.

then sir gawaine said: sir launcelot, an thou durst do battle, leave
thy babbling and come off, and let us ease our hearts. then sir
launcelot armed him lightly, and mounted upon his horse, and either of
the knights gat great spears in their hands, and the host without stood
still all apart, and the noble knights came out of the city by a great
number, insomuch that when arthur saw the number of men and knights, he
marvelled, and said to himself: alas, that ever sir launcelot was
against me, for now i see he hath forborne me. and so the covenant was
made, there should no man nigh them, nor deal with them, till the one
were dead or yelden.




chapter xxi. how sir launcelot and sir gawaine did battle together, and
how sir gawaine was overthrown and hurt.


then sir gawaine and sir launcelot departed a great way asunder, and
then they came together with all their horses’ might as they might run,
and either smote other in midst of their shields; but the knights were
so strong, and their spears so big, that their horses might not endure
their buffets, and so their horses fell to the earth; and then they
avoided their horses, and dressed their shields afore them. then they
stood together and gave many sad strokes on divers places of their
bodies, that the blood brast out on many sides and places. then had sir
gawaine such a grace and gift that an holy man had given to him, that
every day in the year, from underne till high noon, his might increased
those three hours as much as thrice his strength, and that caused sir
gawaine to win great honour. and for his sake king arthur made an
ordinance, that all manner of battles for any quarrels that should be
done afore king arthur should begin at underne; and all was done for
sir gawaine’s love, that by likelihood, if sir gawaine were on the one
part, he should have the better in battle while his strength endureth
three hours; but there were but few knights that time living that knew
this advantage that sir gawaine had, but king arthur all only.

thus sir launcelot fought with sir gawaine, and when sir launcelot felt
his might evermore increase, sir launcelot wondered and dread him sore
to be shamed. for as the french book saith, sir launcelot weened, when
he felt sir gawaine double his strength, that he had been a fiend and
none earthly man; wherefore sir launcelot traced and traversed, and
covered himself with his shield, and kept his might and his braide
during three hours; and that while sir gawaine gave him many sad
brunts, and many sad strokes, that all the knights that beheld sir
launcelot marvelled how that he might endure him; but full little
understood they that travail that sir launcelot had for to endure him.
and then when it was past noon sir gawaine had no more but his own
might. when sir launcelot felt him so come down, then he stretched him
up and stood near sir gawaine, and said thus: my lord sir gawaine, now
i feel ye have done; now my lord sir gawaine, i must do my part, for
many great and grievous strokes i have endured you this day with great
pain.

then sir launcelot doubled his strokes and gave sir gawaine such a
buffet on the helmet that he fell down on his side, and sir launcelot
withdrew him from him. why withdrawest thou thee? said sir gawaine; now
turn again, false traitor knight, and slay me, for an thou leave me
thus, when i am whole i shall do battle with thee again. i shall endure
you, sir, by god’s grace, but wit thou well, sir gawaine, i will never
smite a felled knight. and so sir launcelot went into the city; and sir
gawaine was borne into king arthur’s pavilion, and leeches were brought
to him, and searched and salved with soft ointments. and then sir
launcelot said: now have good day, my lord the king, for wit you well
ye win no worship at these walls; and if i would my knights outbring,
there should many a man die. therefore, my lord arthur, remember you of
old kindness; and however i fare, jesu be your guide in all places.




chapter xxii. of the sorrow that king arthur made for the war, and of
another battle where also sir gawaine had the worse.


alas, said the king, that ever this unhappy war was begun; for ever sir
launcelot forbeareth me in all places, and in likewise my kin, and that
is seen well this day by my nephew sir gawaine. then king arthur fell
sick for sorrow of sir gawaine, that he was so sore hurt, and because
of the war betwixt him and sir launcelot. so then they on king arthur’s
part kept the siege with little war withoutforth; and they withinforth
kept their walls, and defended them when need was. thus sir gawaine lay
sick three weeks in his tents, with all manner of leech-craft that
might be had. and as soon as sir gawaine might go and ride, he armed
him at all points, and start upon a courser, and gat a spear in his
hand, and so he came riding afore the chief gate of benwick; and there
he cried on height: where art thou, sir launcelot? come forth, thou
false traitor knight and recreant, for i am here, sir gawaine, will
prove this that i say on thee.

all this language sir launcelot heard, and then he said thus: sir
gawaine, me repents of your foul saying, that ye will not cease of your
language; for you wot well, sir gawaine, i know your might and all that
ye may do; and well ye wot, sir gawaine, ye may not greatly hurt me.
come down, traitor knight, said he, and make it good the contrary with
thy hands, for it mishapped me the last battle to be hurt of thy hands;
therefore wit thou well i am come this day to make amends, for i ween
this day to lay thee as low as thou laidest me. jesu defend me, said
sir launcelot, that ever i be so far in your danger as ye have been in
mine, for then my days were done. but sir gawaine, said sir launcelot,
ye shall not think that i tarry long, but sithen that ye so unknightly
call me of treason, ye shall have both your hands full of me. and then
sir launcelot armed him at all points, and mounted upon his horse, and
gat a great spear in his hand, and rode out at the gate. and both the
hosts were assembled, of them without and of them within, and stood in
array full manly. and both parties were charged to hold them still, to
see and behold the battle of these two noble knights. and then they
laid their spears in their rests, and they came together as thunder,
and sir gawaine brake his spear upon sir launcelot in a hundred pieces
unto his hand; and sir launcelot smote him with a greater might, that
sir gawaine’s horse’s feet raised, and so the horse and he fell to the
earth. then sir gawaine deliverly avoided his horse, and put his shield
afore him, and eagerly drew his sword, and bade sir launcelot: alight,
traitor knight, for if this mare’s son hath failed me, wit thou well a
king’s son and a queen’s son shall not fail thee.

then sir launcelot avoided his horse, and dressed his shield afore him,
and drew his sword; and so stood they together and gave many sad
strokes, that all men on both parties had thereof passing great wonder.
but when sir launcelot felt sir gawaine’s might so marvellously
increase, he then withheld his courage and his wind, and kept himself
wonder covert of his might; and under his shield he traced and
traversed here and there, to break sir gawaine’s strokes and his
courage; and sir gawaine enforced himself with all his might and power
to destroy sir launcelot; for as the french book saith, ever as sir
gawaine’s might increased, right so increased his wind and his evil
will. thus sir gawaine did great pain unto sir launcelot three hours,
that he had right great pain for to defend him.

and when the three hours were passed, that sir launcelot felt that sir
gawaine was come to his own proper strength, then sir launcelot said
unto sir gawaine: now have i proved you twice, that ye are a full
dangerous knight, and a wonderful man of your might; and many wonderful
deeds have ye done in your days, for by your might increasing you have
deceived many a full noble and valiant knight; and, now i feel that ye
have done your mighty deeds, now wit you well i must do my deeds. and
then sir launcelot stood near sir gawaine, and then sir launcelot
doubled his strokes; and sir gawaine defended him mightily, but
nevertheless sir launcelot smote such a stroke upon sir gawaine’s helm,
and upon the old wound, that sir gawaine sinked down upon his one side
in a swoon. and anon as he did awake he waved and foined at sir
launcelot as he lay, and said: traitor knight, wit thou well i am not
yet slain, come thou near me and perform this battle unto the
uttermost. i will no more do than i have done, said sir launcelot, for
when i see you on foot i will do battle upon you all the while i see
you stand on your feet; but for to smite a wounded man that may not
stand, god defend me from such a shame. and then he turned him and went
his way toward the city. and sir gawaine evermore calling him traitor
knight, and said: wit thou well sir launcelot, when i am whole i shall
do battle with thee again, for i shall never leave thee till that one
of us be slain. thus as this siege endured, and as sir gawaine lay sick
near a month; and when he was well recovered and ready within three
days to do battle again with sir launcelot, right so came tidings unto
arthur from england that made king arthur and all his host to remove.

_here followeth the xxi. book._




book xxi.




chapter i. how sir mordred presumed and took on him to be king of
england, and would have married the queen, his father’s wife.


as sir mordred was ruler of all england, he did do make letters as
though that they came from beyond the sea, and the letters specified
that king arthur was slain in battle with sir launcelot. wherefore sir
mordred made a parliament, and called the lords together, and there he
made them to choose him king; and so was he crowned at canterbury, and
held a feast there fifteen days; and afterward he drew him unto
winchester, and there he took the queen guenever, and said plainly that
he would wed her which was his uncle’s wife and his father’s wife. and
so he made ready for the feast, and a day prefixed that they should be
wedded; wherefore queen guenever was passing heavy. but she durst not
discover her heart, but spake fair, and agreed to sir mordred’s will.
then she desired of sir mordred for to go to london, to buy all manner
of things that longed unto the wedding. and because of her fair speech
sir mordred trusted her well enough, and gave her leave to go. and so
when she came to london she took the tower of london, and suddenly in
all haste possible she stuffed it with all manner of victual, and well
garnished it with men, and so kept it.

then when sir mordred wist and understood how he was beguiled, he was
passing wroth out of measure. and a short tale for to make, he went and
laid a mighty siege about the tower of london, and made many great
assaults thereat, and threw many great engines unto them, and shot
great guns. but all might not prevail sir mordred, for queen guenever
would never for fair speech nor for foul, would never trust to come in
his hands again.

then came the bishop of canterbury, the which was a noble clerk and an
holy man, and thus he said to sir mordred: sir, what will ye do? will
ye first displease god and sithen shame yourself, and all knighthood?
is not king arthur your uncle, no farther but your mother’s brother,
and on her himself king arthur begat you upon his own sister, therefore
how may you wed your father’s wife? sir, said the noble clerk, leave
this opinion or i shall curse you with book and bell and candle. do
thou thy worst, said sir mordred, wit thou well i shall defy thee. sir,
said the bishop, and wit you well i shall not fear me to do that me
ought to do. also where ye noise where my lord arthur is slain, and
that is not so, and therefore ye will make a foul work in this land.
peace, thou false priest, said sir mordred, for an thou chafe me any
more i shall make strike off thy head. so the bishop departed and did
the cursing in the most orgulist wise that might be done. and then sir
mordred sought the bishop of canterbury, for to have slain him. then
the bishop fled, and took part of his goods with him, and went nigh
unto glastonbury; and there he was as priest hermit in a chapel, and
lived in poverty and in holy prayers, for well he understood that
mischievous war was at hand.

then sir mordred sought on queen guenever by letters and sonds, and by
fair means and foul means, for to have her to come out of the tower of
london; but all this availed not, for she answered him shortly, openly
and privily, that she had liefer slay herself than to be married with
him. then came word to sir mordred that king arthur had araised the
siege for sir launcelot, and he was coming homeward with a great host,
to be avenged upon sir mordred; wherefore sir mordred made write writs
to all the barony of this land, and much people drew to him. for then
was the common voice among them that with arthur was none other life
but war and strife, and with sir mordred was great joy and bliss. thus
was sir arthur depraved, and evil said of. and many there were that
king arthur had made up of nought, and given them lands, might not then
say him a good word. lo ye all englishmen, see ye not what a mischief
here was! for he that was the most king and knight of the world, and
most loved the fellowship of noble knights, and by him they were all
upholden, now might not these englishmen hold them content with him. lo
thus was the old custom and usage of this land; and also men say that
we of this land have not yet lost nor forgotten that custom and usage.
alas, this is a great default of us englishmen, for there may no thing
please us no term. and so fared the people at that time, they were
better pleased with sir mordred than they were with king arthur; and
much people drew unto sir mordred, and said they would abide with him
for better and for worse. and so sir mordred drew with a great host to
dover, for there he heard say that sir arthur would arrive, and so he
thought to beat his own father from his lands; and the most part of all
england held with sir mordred, the people were so new-fangle.




chapter ii. how after that king arthur had tidings, he returned and
came to dover, where sir mordred met him to let his landing; and of the
death of sir gawaine.


and so as sir mordred was at dover with his host, there came king
arthur with a great navy of ships, and galleys, and carracks. and there
was sir mordred ready awaiting upon his landing, to let his own father
to land upon the land that he was king over. then there was launching
of great boats and small, and full of noble men of arms; and there was
much slaughter of gentle knights, and many a full bold baron was laid
full low, on both parties. but king arthur was so courageous that there
might no manner of knights let him to land, and his knights fiercely
followed him; and so they landed maugre sir mordred and all his power,
and put sir mordred aback, that he fled and all his people.

so when this battle was done, king arthur let bury his people that were
dead. and then was noble sir gawaine found in a great boat, lying more
than half dead. when sir arthur wist that sir gawaine was laid so low;
he went unto him; and there the king made sorrow out of measure, and
took sir gawaine in his arms, and thrice he there swooned. and then
when he awaked, he said: alas, sir gawaine, my sister’s son, here now
thou liest; the man in the world that i loved most; and now is my joy
gone, for now, my nephew sir gawaine, i will discover me unto your
person: in sir launcelot and you i most had my joy, and mine affiance,
and now have i lost my joy of you both; wherefore all mine earthly joy
is gone from me. mine uncle king arthur, said sir gawaine, wit you well
my death-day is come, and all is through mine own hastiness and
wilfulness; for i am smitten upon the old wound the which sir launcelot
gave me, on the which i feel well i must die; and had sir launcelot
been with you as he was, this unhappy war had never begun; and of all
this am i causer, for sir launcelot and his blood, through their
prowess, held all your cankered enemies in subjection and daunger. and
now, said sir gawaine, ye shall miss sir launcelot. but alas, i would
not accord with him, and therefore, said sir gawaine, i pray you, fair
uncle, that i may have paper, pen, and ink, that i may write to sir
launcelot a cedle with mine own hands.

and then when paper and ink was brought, then gawaine was set up weakly
by king arthur, for he was shriven a little to-fore; and then he wrote
thus, as the french book maketh mention: unto sir launcelot, flower of
all noble knights that ever i heard of or saw by my days, i, sir
gawaine, king lot’s son of orkney, sister’s son unto the noble king
arthur, send thee greeting, and let thee have knowledge that the tenth
day of may i was smitten upon the old wound that thou gavest me afore
the city of benwick, and through the same wound that thou gavest me i
am come to my death-day. and i will that all the world wit, that i, sir
gawaine, knight of the table round, sought my death, and not through
thy deserving, but it was mine own seeking; wherefore i beseech thee,
sir launcelot, to return again unto this realm, and see my tomb, and
pray some prayer more or less for my soul. and this same day that i
wrote this cedle, i was hurt to the death in the same wound, the which
i had of thy hand, sir launcelot; for of a more nobler man might i not
be slain. also sir launcelot, for all the love that ever was betwixt
us, make no tarrying, but come over the sea in all haste, that thou
mayst with thy noble knights rescue that noble king that made thee
knight, that is my lord arthur; for he is full straitly bestead with a
false traitor, that is my half-brother, sir mordred; and he hath let
crown him king, and would have wedded my lady queen guenever, and so
had he done had she not put herself in the tower of london. and so the
tenth day of may last past, my lord arthur and we all landed upon them
at dover; and there we put that false traitor, sir mordred, to flight,
and there it misfortuned me to be stricken upon thy stroke. and at the
date of this letter was written, but two hours and a half afore my
death, written with mine own hand, and so subscribed with part of my
heart’s blood. and i require thee, most famous knight of the world,
that thou wilt see my tomb. and then sir gawaine wept, and king arthur
wept; and then they swooned both. and when they awaked both, the king
made sir gawaine to receive his saviour. and then sir gawaine prayed
the king for to send for sir launcelot, and to cherish him above all
other knights.

and so at the hour of noon sir gawaine yielded up the spirit; and then
the king let inter him in a chapel within dover castle; and there yet
all men may see the skull of him, and the same wound is seen that sir
launcelot gave him in battle. then was it told the king that sir
mordred had pight a new field upon barham down. and upon the morn the
king rode thither to him, and there was a great battle betwixt them,
and much people was slain on both parties; but at the last sir arthur’s
party stood best, and sir mordred and his party fled unto canterbury.




chapter iii. how after, sir gawaine’s ghost appeared to king arthur,
and warned him that he should not fight that day.


and then the king let search all the towns for his knights that were
slain, and interred them; and salved them with soft salves that so sore
were wounded. then much people drew unto king arthur. and then they
said that sir mordred warred upon king arthur with wrong. and then king
arthur drew him with his host down by the seaside, westward toward
salisbury; and there was a day assigned betwixt king arthur and sir
mordred, that they should meet upon a down beside salisbury, and not
far from the seaside; and this day was assigned on a monday after
trinity sunday, whereof king arthur was passing glad, that he might be
avenged upon sir mordred. then sir mordred araised much people about
london, for they of kent, southsex, and surrey, estsex, and of
southfolk, and of northfolk, held the most part with sir mordred; and
many a full noble knight drew unto sir mordred and to the king: but
they that loved sir launcelot drew unto sir mordred.

so upon trinity sunday at night, king arthur dreamed a wonderful dream,
and that was this: that him seemed he sat upon a chaflet in a chair,
and the chair was fast to a wheel, and thereupon sat king arthur in the
richest cloth of gold that might be made; and the king thought there
was under him, far from him, an hideous deep black water, and therein
were all manner of serpents, and worms, and wild beasts, foul and
horrible; and suddenly the king thought the wheel turned up-so-down,
and he fell among the serpents, and every beast took him by a limb; and
then the king cried as he lay in his bed and slept: help. and then
knights, squires, and yeomen, awaked the king; and then he was so
amazed that he wist not where he was; and then he fell a-slumbering
again, not sleeping nor thoroughly waking. so the king seemed verily
that there came sir gawaine unto him with a number of fair ladies with
him. and when king arthur saw him, then he said: welcome, my sister’s
son; i weened thou hadst been dead, and now i see thee alive, much am i
beholding unto almighty jesu. o fair nephew and my sister’s son, what
be these ladies that hither be come with you? sir, said sir gawaine,
all these be ladies for whom i have foughten when i was man living, and
all these are those that i did battle for in righteous quarrel; and god
hath given them that grace at their great prayer, because i did battle
for them, that they should bring me hither unto you: thus much hath god
given me leave, for to warn you of your death; for an ye fight as
to-morn with sir mordred, as ye both have assigned, doubt ye not ye
must be slain, and the most part of your people on both parties. and
for the great grace and goodness that almighty jesu hath unto you, and
for pity of you, and many more other good men there shall be slain, god
hath sent me to you of his special grace, to give you warning that in
no wise ye do battle as to-morn, but that ye take a treaty for a month
day; and proffer you largely, so as to-morn to be put in a delay. for
within a month shall come sir launcelot with all his noble knights, and
rescue you worshipfully, and slay sir mordred, and all that ever will
hold with him. then sir gawaine and all the ladies vanished.

and anon the king called upon his knights, squires, and yeomen, and
charged them wightly to fetch his noble lords and wise bishops unto
him. and when they were come, the king told them his avision, what sir
gawaine had told him, and warned him that if he fought on the morn he
should be slain. then the king commanded sir lucan the butler, and his
brother sir bedivere, with two bishops with them, and charged them in
any wise, an they might, take a treaty for a month day with sir
mordred, and spare not, proffer him lands and goods as much as ye think
best. so then they departed, and came to sir mordred, where he had a
grim host of an hundred thousand men. and there they entreated sir
mordred long time; and at the last sir mordred was agreed for to have
cornwall and kent, by arthur’s days: after, all england, after the days
of king arthur.




chapter iv. how by misadventure of an adder the battle began, where
mordred was slain, and arthur hurt to the death.


then were they condescended that king arthur and sir mordred should
meet betwixt both their hosts, and everych of them should bring
fourteen persons; and they came with this word unto arthur. then said
he: i am glad that this is done: and so he went into the field. and
when arthur should depart, he warned all his host that an they see any
sword drawn: look ye come on fiercely, and slay that traitor, sir
mordred, for i in no wise trust him. in like wise sir mordred warned
his host that: an ye see any sword drawn, look that ye come on
fiercely, and so slay all that ever before you standeth; for in no wise
i will not trust for this treaty, for i know well my father will be
avenged on me. and so they met as their appointment was, and so they
were agreed and accorded thoroughly; and wine was fetched, and they
drank. right soon came an adder out of a little heath bush, and it
stung a knight on the foot. and when the knight felt him stung, he
looked down and saw the adder, and then he drew his sword to slay the
adder, and thought of none other harm. and when the host on both
parties saw that sword drawn, then they blew beams, trumpets, and
horns, and shouted grimly. and so both hosts dressed them together. and
king arthur took his horse, and said: alas this unhappy day! and so
rode to his party. and sir mordred in like wise. and never was there
seen a more dolefuller battle in no christian land; for there was but
rushing and riding, foining and striking, and many a grim word was
there spoken either to other, and many a deadly stroke. but ever king
arthur rode throughout the battle of sir mordred many times, and did
full nobly as a noble king should, and at all times he fainted never;
and sir mordred that day put him in devoir, and in great peril. and
thus they fought all the long day, and never stinted till the noble
knights were laid to the cold earth; and ever they fought still till it
was near night, and by that time was there an hundred thousand laid
dead upon the down. then was arthur wood wroth out of measure, when he
saw his people so slain from him.

then the king looked about him, and then was he ware, of all his host
and of all his good knights, were left no more alive but two knights;
that one was sir lucan the butler, and his brother sir bedivere, and
they were full sore wounded. jesu mercy, said the king, where are all
my noble knights become? alas that ever i should see this doleful day,
for now, said arthur, i am come to mine end. but would to god that i
wist where were that traitor sir mordred, that hath caused all this
mischief. then was king arthur ware where sir mordred leaned upon his
sword among a great heap of dead men. now give me my spear, said arthur
unto sir lucan, for yonder i have espied the traitor that all this woe
hath wrought. sir, let him be, said sir lucan, for he is unhappy; and
if ye pass this unhappy day ye shall be right well revenged upon him.
good lord, remember ye of your night’s dream, and what the spirit of
sir gawaine told you this night, yet god of his great goodness hath
preserved you hitherto. therefore, for god’s sake, my lord, leave off
by this, for blessed be god ye have won the field, for here we be three
alive, and with sir mordred is none alive; and if ye leave off now this
wicked day of destiny is past. tide me death, betide me life, saith the
king, now i see him yonder alone he shall never escape mine hands, for
at a better avail shall i never have him. god speed you well, said sir
bedivere.

then the king gat his spear in both his hands, and ran toward sir
mordred, crying: traitor, now is thy death-day come. and when sir
mordred heard sir arthur, he ran until him with his sword drawn in his
hand. and there king arthur smote sir mordred under the shield, with a
foin of his spear, throughout the body, more than a fathom. and when
sir mordred felt that he had his death wound he thrust himself with the
might that he had up to the bur of king arthur’s spear. and right so he
smote his father arthur, with his sword holden in both his hands, on
the side of the head, that the sword pierced the helmet and the
brain-pan, and therewithal sir mordred fell stark dead to the earth;
and the noble arthur fell in a swoon to the earth, and there he swooned
ofttimes. and sir lucan the butler and sir bedivere ofttimes heaved him
up. and so weakly they led him betwixt them both, to a little chapel
not far from the seaside. and when the king was there he thought him
well eased.

then heard they people cry in the field. now go thou, sir lucan, said
the king, and do me to wit what betokens that noise in the field. so
sir lucan departed, for he was grievously wounded in many places. and
so as he yede, he saw and hearkened by the moonlight, how that pillers
and robbers were come into the field, to pill and to rob many a full
noble knight of brooches, and beads, of many a good ring, and of many a
rich jewel; and who that were not dead all out, there they slew them
for their harness and their riches. when sir lucan understood this
work, he came to the king as soon as he might, and told him all what he
had heard and seen. therefore by my rede, said sir lucan, it is best
that we bring you to some town. i would it were so, said the king.




chapter v. how king arthur commanded to cast his sword excalibur into
the water, and how he was delivered to ladies in a barge.


but i may not stand, mine head works so. ah sir launcelot, said king
arthur, this day have i sore missed thee: alas, that ever i was against
thee, for now have i my death, whereof sir gawaine me warned in my
dream. then sir lucan took up the king the one part, and sir bedivere
the other part, and in the lifting the king swooned; and sir lucan fell
in a swoon with the lift, that the part of his guts fell out of his
body, and therewith the noble knight’s heart brast. and when the king
awoke, he beheld sir lucan, how he lay foaming at the mouth, and part
of his guts lay at his feet. alas, said the king, this is to me a full
heavy sight, to see this noble duke so die for my sake, for he would
have holpen me, that had more need of help than i. alas, he would not
complain him, his heart was so set to help me: now jesu have mercy upon
his soul! then sir bedivere wept for the death of his brother. leave
this mourning and weeping, said the king, for all this will not avail
me, for wit thou well an i might live myself, the death of sir lucan
would grieve me evermore; but my time hieth fast, said the king.
therefore, said arthur unto sir bedivere, take thou excalibur, my good
sword, and go with it to yonder water side, and when thou comest there
i charge thee throw my sword in that water, and come again and tell me
what thou there seest. my lord, said bedivere, your commandment shall
be done, and lightly bring you word again.

so sir bedivere departed, and by the way he beheld that noble sword,
that the pommel and the haft was all of precious stones; and then he
said to himself: if i throw this rich sword in the water, thereof shall
never come good, but harm and loss. and then sir bedivere hid excalibur
under a tree. and so, as soon as he might, he came again unto the king,
and said he had been at the water, and had thrown the sword in the
water. what saw thou there? said the king. sir, he said, i saw nothing
but waves and winds. that is untruly said of thee, said the king,
therefore go thou lightly again, and do my commandment; as thou art to
me lief and dear, spare not, but throw it in. then sir bedivere
returned again, and took the sword in his hand; and then him thought
sin and shame to throw away that noble sword, and so eft he hid the
sword, and returned again, and told to the king that he had been at the
water, and done his commandment. what saw thou there? said the king.
sir, he said, i saw nothing but the waters wap and waves wan. ah,
traitor untrue, said king arthur, now hast thou betrayed me twice. who
would have weened that, thou that hast been to me so lief and dear? and
thou art named a noble knight, and would betray me for the richness of
the sword. but now go again lightly, for thy long tarrying putteth me
in great jeopardy of my life, for i have taken cold. and but if thou do
now as i bid thee, if ever i may see thee, i shall slay thee with mine
own hands; for thou wouldst for my rich sword see me dead.

then sir bedivere departed, and went to the sword, and lightly took it
up, and went to the water side; and there he bound the girdle about the
hilts, and then he threw the sword as far into the water as he might;
and there came an arm and an hand above the water and met it, and
caught it, and so shook it thrice and brandished, and then vanished
away the hand with the sword in the water. so sir bedivere came again
to the king, and told him what he saw. alas, said the king, help me
hence, for i dread me i have tarried over long. then sir bedivere took
the king upon his back, and so went with him to that water side. and
when they were at the water side, even fast by the bank hoved a little
barge with many fair ladies in it, and among them all was a queen, and
all they had black hoods, and all they wept and shrieked when they saw
king arthur. now put me into the barge, said the king. and so he did
softly; and there received him three queens with great mourning; and so
they set them down, and in one of their laps king arthur laid his head.
and then that queen said: ah, dear brother, why have ye tarried so long
from me? alas, this wound on your head hath caught over-much cold. and
so then they rowed from the land, and sir bedivere beheld all those
ladies go from him. then sir bedivere cried: ah my lord arthur, what
shall become of me, now ye go from me and leave me here alone among
mine enemies? comfort thyself, said the king, and do as well as thou
mayst, for in me is no trust for to trust in; for i will into the vale
of avilion to heal me of my grievous wound: and if thou hear never more
of me, pray for my soul. but ever the queens and ladies wept and
shrieked, that it was pity to hear. and as soon as sir bedivere had
lost the sight of the barge, he wept and wailed, and so took the
forest; and so he went all that night, and in the morning he was ware
betwixt two holts hoar, of a chapel and an hermitage.




chapter vi. how sir bedivere found him on the morrow dead in an
hermitage, and how he abode there with the hermit.


then was sir bedivere glad, and thither he went; and when he came into
the chapel, he saw where lay an hermit grovelling on all four, there
fast by a tomb was new graven. when the hermit saw sir bedivere he knew
him well, for he was but little to-fore bishop of canterbury, that sir
mordred flemed. sir, said bedivere, what man is there interred that ye
pray so fast for? fair son, said the hermit, i wot not verily, but by
deeming. but this night, at midnight, here came a number of ladies, and
brought hither a dead corpse, and prayed me to bury him; and here they
offered an hundred tapers, and they gave me an hundred besants. alas,
said sir bedivere, that was my lord king arthur, that here lieth buried
in this chapel. then sir bedivere swooned; and when he awoke he prayed
the hermit he might abide with him still there, to live with fasting
and prayers. for from hence will i never go, said sir bedivere, by my
will, but all the days of my life here to pray for my lord arthur. ye
are welcome to me, said the hermit, for i know ye better than ye ween
that i do. ye are the bold bedivere, and the full noble duke, sir lucan
the butler, was your brother. then sir bedivere told the hermit all as
ye have heard to-fore. so there bode sir bedivere with the hermit that
was to-fore bishop of canterbury, and there sir bedivere put upon him
poor clothes, and served the hermit full lowly in fasting and in
prayers.

thus of arthur i find never more written in books that be authorised,
nor more of the very certainty of his death heard i never read, but
thus was he led away in a ship wherein were three queens; that one was
king arthur’s sister, queen morgan le fay; the other was the queen of
northgalis; the third was the queen of the waste lands. also there was
nimue, the chief lady of the lake, that had wedded pelleas the good
knight; and this lady had done much for king arthur, for she would
never suffer sir pelleas to be in no place where he should be in danger
of his life; and so he lived to the uttermost of his days with her in
great rest. more of the death of king arthur could i never find, but
that ladies brought him to his burials; and such one was buried there,
that the hermit bare witness that sometime was bishop of canterbury,
but yet the hermit knew not in certain that he was verily the body of
king arthur: for this tale sir bedivere, knight of the table round,
made it to be written.




chapter vii. of the opinion of some men of the death of king arthur;
and how queen guenever made her a nun in almesbury.


yet some men say in many parts of england that king arthur is not dead,
but had by the will of our lord jesu into another place; and men say
that he shall come again, and he shall win the holy cross. i will not
say it shall be so, but rather i will say: here in this world he
changed his life. but many men say that there is written upon his tomb
this verse: _hic jacet arthurus, rex quondam, rexque futurus._ thus
leave i here sir bedivere with the hermit, that dwelled that time in a
chapel beside glastonbury, and there was his hermitage. and so they
lived in their prayers, and fastings, and great abstinence. and when
queen guenever understood that king arthur was slain, and all the noble
knights, sir mordred and all the remnant, then the queen stole away,
and five ladies with her, and so she went to almesbury; and there she
let make herself a nun, and ware white clothes and black, and great
penance she took, as ever did sinful lady in this land, and never
creature could make her merry; but lived in fasting, prayers, and
alms-deeds, that all manner of people marvelled how virtuously she was
changed. now leave we queen guenever in almesbury, a nun in white
clothes and black, and there she was abbess and ruler as reason would;
and turn we from her, and speak we of sir launcelot du lake.




chapter viii. how when sir lancelot heard of the death of king arthur,
and of sir gawaine, and other matters, he came into england.


and when he heard in his country that sir mordred was crowned king in
england, and made war against king arthur, his own father, and would
let him to land in his own land; also it was told sir launcelot how
that sir mordred had laid siege about the tower of london, because the
queen would not wed him; then was sir launcelot wroth out of measure,
and said to his kinsmen: alas, that double traitor sir mordred, now me
repenteth that ever he escaped my hands, for much shame hath he done
unto my lord arthur; for all i feel by the doleful letter that my lord
sir gawaine sent me, on whose soul jesu have mercy that my lord arthur
is full hard bestead. alas, said sir launcelot, that ever i should live
to hear that most noble king that made me knight thus to be overset
with his subject in his own realm. and this doleful letter that my
lord, sir gawaine, hath sent me afore his death, praying me to see his
tomb, wit you well his doleful words shall never go from mine heart,
for he was a full noble knight as ever was born; and in an unhappy hour
was i born that ever i should have that unhap to slay first sir
gawaine, sir gaheris the good knight, and mine own friend sir gareth,
that full noble knight. alas, i may say i am unhappy, said sir
launcelot, that ever i should do thus unhappily, and, alas, yet might i
never have hap to slay that traitor, sir mordred.

leave your complaints, said sir bors, and first revenge you of the
death of sir gawaine; and it will be well done that ye see sir
gawaine’s tomb, and secondly that ye revenge my lord arthur, and my
lady, queen guenever. i thank you, said sir launcelot, for ever ye will
my worship.

then they made them ready in all the haste that might be, with ships
and galleys, with sir launcelot and his host to pass into england. and
so he passed over the sea till he came to dover, and there he landed
with seven kings, and the number was hideous to behold. then sir
launcelot spered of men of dover where was king arthur become. then the
people told him how that he was slain, and sir mordred and an hundred
thousand died on a day; and how sir mordred gave king arthur there the
first battle at his landing, and there was good sir gawaine slain; and
on the morn sir mordred fought with the king upon barham down, and
there the king put sir mordred to the worse. alas, said sir launcelot,
this is the heaviest tidings that ever came to me. now, fair sirs, said
sir launcelot, shew me the tomb of sir gawaine. and then certain people
of the town brought him into the castle of dover, and shewed him the
tomb. then sir launcelot kneeled down and wept, and prayed heartily for
his soul. and that night he made a dole, and all they that would come
had as much flesh, fish, wine and ale, and every man and woman had
twelve pence, come who would. thus with his own hand dealt he this
money, in a mourning gown; and ever he wept, and prayed them to pray
for the soul of sir gawaine. and on the morn all the priests and clerks
that might be gotten in the country were there, and sang mass of
requiem; and there offered first sir launcelot, and he offered an
hundred pound; and then the seven kings offered forty pound apiece; and
also there was a thousand knights, and each of them offered a pound;
and the offering dured from morn till night, and sir launcelot lay two
nights on his tomb in prayers and weeping.

then on the third day sir launcelot called the kings, dukes, earls,
barons, and knights, and said thus: my fair lords, i thank you all of
your coming into this country with me, but we came too late, and that
shall repent me while i live, but against death may no man rebel. but
sithen it is so, said sir launcelot, i will myself ride and seek my
lady, queen guenever, for as i hear say she hath had great pain and
much disease; and i heard say that she is fled into the west. therefore
ye all shall abide me here, and but if i come again within fifteen
days, then take your ships and your fellowship, and depart into your
country, for i will do as i say to you.




chapter ix. how sir launcelot departed to seek the queen guenever, and
how he found her at almesbury.


then came sir bors de ganis, and said: my lord sir launcelot, what
think ye for to do, now to ride in this realm? wit ye well ye shall
find few friends. be as be may, said sir launcelot, keep you still
here, for i will forth on my journey, and no man nor child shall go
with me. so it was no boot to strive, but he departed and rode
westerly, and there he sought a seven or eight days; and at the last he
came to a nunnery, and then was queen guenever ware of sir launcelot as
he walked in the cloister. and when she saw him there she swooned
thrice, that all the ladies and gentlewomen had work enough to hold the
queen up. so when she might speak, she called ladies and gentlewomen to
her, and said: ye marvel, fair ladies, why i make this fare. truly, she
said, it is for the sight of yonder knight that yonder standeth;
wherefore i pray you all call him to me.

when sir launcelot was brought to her, then she said to all the ladies:
through this man and me hath all this war been wrought, and the death
of the most noblest knights of the world; for through our love that we
have loved together is my most noble lord slain. therefore, sir
launcelot, wit thou well i am set in such a plight to get my soul-heal;
and yet i trust through god’s grace that after my death to have a sight
of the blessed face of christ, and at domesday to sit on his right
side, for as sinful as ever i was are saints in heaven. therefore, sir
launcelot, i require thee and beseech thee heartily, for all the love
that ever was betwixt us, that thou never see me more in the visage;
and i command thee, on god’s behalf, that thou forsake my company, and
to thy kingdom thou turn again, and keep well thy realm from war and
wrack; for as well as i have loved thee, mine heart will not serve me
to see thee, for through thee and me is the flower of kings and knights
destroyed; therefore, sir launcelot, go to thy realm, and there take
thee a wife, and live with her with joy and bliss; and i pray thee
heartily, pray for me to our lord that i may amend my misliving. now,
sweet madam, said sir launcelot, would ye that i should now return
again unto my country, and there to wed a lady? nay, madam, wit you
well that shall i never do, for i shall never be so false to you of
that i have promised; but the same destiny that ye have taken you to, i
will take me unto, for to please jesu, and ever for you i cast me
specially to pray. if thou wilt do so, said the queen, hold thy
promise, but i may never believe but that thou wilt turn to the world
again. well, madam, said he, ye say as pleaseth you, yet wist you me
never false of my promise, and god defend but i should forsake the
world as ye have done. for in the quest of the sangreal i had forsaken
the vanities of the world had not your lord been. and if i had done so
at that time, with my heart, will, and thought, i had passed all the
knights that were in the sangreal except sir galahad, my son. and
therefore, lady, sithen ye have taken you to perfection, i must needs
take me to perfection, of right. for i take record of god, in you i
have had mine earthly joy; and if i had found you now so disposed, i
had cast me to have had you into mine own realm.




chapter x. how sir launcelot came to the hermitage where the archbishop
of canterbury was, and how he took the habit on him.


but sithen i find you thus disposed, i ensure you faithfully, i will
ever take me to penance, and pray while my life lasteth, if i may find
any hermit, either gray or white, that will receive me. wherefore,
madam, i pray you kiss me and never no more. nay, said the queen, that
shall i never do, but abstain you from such works: and they departed.
but there was never so hard an hearted man but he would have wept to
see the dolour that they made; for there was lamentation as they had
been stung with spears; and many times they swooned, and the ladies
bare the queen to her chamber.

and sir launcelot awoke, and went and took his horse, and rode all that
day and all night in a forest, weeping. and at the last he was ware of
an hermitage and a chapel stood betwixt two cliffs; and then he heard a
little bell ring to mass, and thither he rode and alighted, and tied
his horse to the gate, and heard mass. and he that sang mass was the
bishop of canterbury. both the bishop and sir bedivere knew sir
launcelot, and they spake together after mass. but when sir bedivere
had told his tale all whole, sir launcelot’s heart almost brast for
sorrow, and sir launcelot threw his arms abroad, and said: alas, who
may trust this world. and then he kneeled down on his knee, and prayed
the bishop to shrive him and assoil him. and then he besought the
bishop that he might be his brother. then the bishop said: i will
gladly; and there he put an habit upon sir launcelot, and there he
served god day and night with prayers and fastings.

thus the great host abode at dover. and then sir lionel took fifteen
lords with him, and rode to london to seek sir launcelot; and there sir
lionel was slain and many of his lords. then sir bors de ganis made the
great host for to go home again; and sir bors, sir ector de maris, sir
blamore, sir bleoberis, with more other of sir launcelot’s kin, took on
them to ride all england overthwart and endlong, to seek sir launcelot.
so sir bors by fortune rode so long till he came to the same chapel
where sir launcelot was; and so sir bors heard a little bell knell,
that rang to mass; and there he alighted and heard mass. and when mass
was done, the bishop sir launcelot, and sir bedivere, came to sir bors.
and when sir bors saw sir launcelot in that manner clothing, then he
prayed the bishop that he might be in the same suit. and so there was
an habit put upon him, and there he lived in prayers and fasting. and
within half a year, there was come sir galihud, sir galihodin, sir
blamore, sir bleoberis, sir villiars, sir clarras, and sir gahalantine.
so all these seven noble knights there abode still. and when they saw
sir launcelot had taken him to such perfection, they had no lust to
depart, but took such an habit as he had.

thus they endured in great penance six year; and then sir launcelot
took the habit of priesthood of the bishop, and a twelvemonth he sang
mass. and there was none of these other knights but they read in books,
and holp for to sing mass, and rang bells, and did bodily all manner of
service. and so their horses went where they would, for they took no
regard of no worldly riches. for when they saw sir launcelot endure
such penance, in prayers, and fastings, they took no force what pain
they endured, for to see the noblest knight of the world take such
abstinence that he waxed full lean. and thus upon a night, there came a
vision to sir launcelot, and charged him, in remission of his sins, to
haste him unto almesbury: and by then thou come there, thou shalt find
queen guenever dead. and therefore take thy fellows with thee, and
purvey them of an horse bier, and fetch thou the corpse of her, and
bury her by her husband, the noble king arthur. so this avision came to
sir launcelot thrice in one night.




chapter xi. how sir launcelot went with his seven fellows to almesbury,
and found there queen guenever dead, whom they brought to glastonbury.


then sir launcelot rose up or day, and told the hermit. it were well
done, said the hermit, that ye made you ready, and that you disobey not
the avision. then sir launcelot took his eight fellows with him, and on
foot they yede from glastonbury to almesbury, the which is little more
than thirty mile. and thither they came within two days, for they were
weak and feeble to go. and when sir launcelot was come to almesbury
within the nunnery, queen guenever died but half an hour afore. and the
ladies told sir launcelot that queen guenever told them all or she
passed, that sir launcelot had been priest near a twelvemonth, and
hither he cometh as fast as he may to fetch my corpse; and beside my
lord, king arthur, he shall bury me. wherefore the queen said in
hearing of them all: i beseech almighty god that i may never have power
to see sir launcelot with my worldly eyen; and thus, said all the
ladies, was ever her prayer these two days, till she was dead. then sir
launcelot saw her visage, but he wept not greatly, but sighed. and so
he did all the observance of the service himself, both the dirige, and
on the morn he sang mass. and there was ordained an horse bier; and so
with an hundred torches ever brenning about the corpse of the queen,
and ever sir launcelot with his eight fellows went about the horse
bier, singing and reading many an holy orison, and frankincense upon
the corpse incensed. thus sir launcelot and his eight fellows went on
foot from almesbury unto glastonbury.

and when they were come to the chapel and the hermitage, there she had
a dirige, with great devotion. and on the morn the hermit that sometime
was bishop of canterbury sang the mass of requiem with great devotion.
and sir launcelot was the first that offered, and then also his eight
fellows. and then she was wrapped in cered cloth of raines, from the
top to the toe, in thirtyfold, and after she was put in a web of lead,
and then in a coffin of marble. and when she was put in the earth sir
launcelot swooned, and lay long still, while the hermit came and awaked
him, and said: ye be to blame, for ye displease god with such manner of
sorrow-making. truly, said sir launcelot, i trust i do not displease
god, for he knoweth mine intent. for my sorrow was not, nor is not for
any rejoicing of sin, but my sorrow may never have end. for when i
remember of her beauty, and of her noblesse, that was both with her
king and with her, so when i saw his corpse and her corpse so lie
together, truly mine heart would not serve to sustain my careful body.
also when i remember me how by my default, mine orgule and my pride,
that they were both laid full low, that were peerless that ever was
living of christian people, wit you well, said sir launcelot, this
remembered, of their kindness and mine unkindness, sank so to mine
heart, that i might not sustain myself. so the french book maketh
mention.




chapter xii. how sir launcelot began to sicken, and after died, whose
body was borne to joyous gard for to be buried.


then sir launcelot never after ate but little meat, ne drank, till he
was dead. for then he sickened more and more, and dried, and dwined
away. for the bishop nor none of his fellows might not make him to eat,
and little he drank, that he was waxen by a cubit shorter than he was,
that the people could not know him. for evermore, day and night, he
prayed, but sometime he slumbered a broken sleep; ever he was lying
grovelling on the tomb of king arthur and queen guenever. and there was
no comfort that the bishop, nor sir bors, nor none of his fellows,
could make him, it availed not. so within six weeks after, sir
launcelot fell sick, and lay in his bed; and then he sent for the
bishop that there was hermit, and all his true fellows. then sir
launcelot said with dreary steven: sir bishop, i pray you give to me
all my rites that longeth to a christian man. it shall not need you,
said the hermit and all his fellows, it is but heaviness of your blood,
ye shall be well mended by the grace of god to-morn. my fair lords,
said sir launcelot, wit you well my careful body will into the earth, i
have warning more than now i will say; therefore give me my rites. so
when he was houseled and anealed, and had all that a christian man
ought to have, he prayed the bishop that his fellows might bear his
body to joyous gard. some men say it was alnwick, and some men say it
was bamborough. howbeit, said sir launcelot, me repenteth sore, but i
made mine avow sometime, that in joyous gard i would be buried. and
because of breaking of mine avow, i pray you all, lead me thither. then
there was weeping and wringing of hands among his fellows.

so at a season of the night they all went to their beds, for they all
lay in one chamber. and so after midnight, against day, the bishop
[that] then was hermit, as he lay in his bed asleep, he fell upon a
great laughter. and therewith all the fellowship awoke, and came to the
bishop, and asked him what he ailed. ah jesu mercy, said the bishop,
why did ye awake me? i was never in all my life so merry and so well at
ease. wherefore? said sir bors. truly said the bishop, here was sir
launcelot with me with mo angels than ever i saw men in one day. and i
saw the angels heave up sir launcelot unto heaven, and the gates of
heaven opened against him. it is but dretching of swevens, said sir
bors, for i doubt not sir launcelot aileth nothing but good. it may
well be, said the bishop; go ye to his bed, and then shall ye prove the
sooth. so when sir bors and his fellows came to his bed they found him
stark dead, and he lay as he had smiled, and the sweetest savour about
him that ever they felt.

then was there weeping and wringing of hands, and the greatest dole
they made that ever made men. and on the morn the bishop did his mass
of requiem, and after, the bishop and all the nine knights put sir
launcelot in the same horse bier that queen guenever was laid in
to-fore that she was buried. and so the bishop and they all together
went with the body of sir launcelot daily, till they came to joyous
gard; and ever they had an hundred torches brenning about him. and so
within fifteen days they came to joyous gard. and there they laid his
corpse in the body of the quire, and sang and read many psalters and
prayers over him and about him.

and ever his visage was laid open and naked, that all folks might
behold him. for such was the custom in those days, that all men of
worship should so lie with open visage till that they were buried. and
right thus as they were at their service, there came sir ector de
maris, that had seven years sought all england, scotland, and wales,
seeking his brother, sir launcelot.




chapter xiii. how sir ector found sir launcelot his brother dead, and
how constantine reigned next after arthur; and of the end of this book.


and when sir ector heard such noise and light in the quire of joyous
gard, he alighted and put his horse from him, and came into the quire,
and there he saw men sing and weep. and all they knew sir ector, but he
knew not them. then went sir bors unto sir ector, and told him how
there lay his brother, sir launcelot, dead; and then sir ector threw
his shield, sword, and helm from him. and when he beheld sir
launcelot’s visage, he fell down in a swoon. and when he waked it were
hard any tongue to tell the doleful complaints that he made for his
brother. ah launcelot, he said, thou were head of all christian
knights, and now i dare say, said sir ector, thou sir launcelot, there
thou liest, that thou were never matched of earthly knight’s hand. and
thou were the courteoust knight that ever bare shield. and thou were
the truest friend to thy lover that ever bestrad horse. and thou were
the truest lover of a sinful man that ever loved woman. and thou were
the kindest man that ever struck with sword. and thou were the
goodliest person that ever came among press of knights. and thou was
the meekest man and the gentlest that ever ate in hall among ladies.
and thou were the sternest knight to thy mortal foe that ever put spear
in the rest. then there was weeping and dolour out of measure.

thus they kept sir launcelot’s corpse aloft fifteen days, and then they
buried it with great devotion. and then at leisure they went all with
the bishop of canterbury to his hermitage, and there they were together
more than a month. then sir constantine, that was sir cador’s son of
cornwall, was chosen king of england. and he was a full noble knight,
and worshipfully he ruled this realm. and then this king constantine
sent for the bishop of canterbury, for he heard say where he was. and
so he was restored unto his bishopric, and left that hermitage. and sir
bedivere was there ever still hermit to his life’s end. then sir bors
de ganis, sir ector de maris, sir gahalantine, sir galihud, sir
galihodin, sir blamore, sir bleoberis, sir villiars le valiant, sir
clarrus of clermont, all these knights drew them to their countries.
howbeit king constantine would have had them with him, but they would
not abide in this realm. and there they all lived in their countries as
holy men. and some english books make mention that they went never out
of england after the death of sir launcelot, but that was but favour of
makers. for the french book maketh mention, and is authorised, that sir
bors, sir ector, sir blamore, and sir bleoberis, went into the holy
land thereas jesu christ was quick and dead, and anon as they had
stablished their lands. for the book saith, so sir launcelot commanded
them for to do, or ever he passed out of this world. and these four
knights did many battles upon the miscreants or turks. and there they
died upon a good friday for god’s sake.

_here is the end of the book of king arthur, and of his noble knights
of the round table, that when they were whole together there was ever
an hundred and forty. and here is the end of the death of arthur. i
pray you all, gentlemen and gentlewomen that readeth this book of
arthur and his knights, from the beginning to the ending, pray for me
while i am alive, that god send me good deliverance, and when i am
dead, i pray you all pray for my soul. for this book was ended the
ninth year of the reign of king edward the fourth, by sir thomas
maleore, knight, as jesu help him for his great might, as he is the
servant of jesu both day and night._

_thus endeth this noble and joyous book entitled le morte darthur.
notwithstanding it treateth of the birth, life, and acts of the said
king arthur, of his noble knights of the round table, their marvellous
enquests and adventures, the achieving of the sangreal, and in the end
the dolorous death and departing out of this world of them all. which
book was reduced into english by sir thomas malory, knight, as afore is
said, and by me divided into twenty-one books, chaptered and emprinted,
and finished in the abbey, westminster, the last day of july the year
of our lord mcccclxxxv._

_caxton me fieri fecit._




glossary


abashed, abased, lowered,
abate, depress, calm,
abought, paid for,
abraid, started,
accompted, counted,
accorded, agreed,
accordment, agreement,
acquit, repay,
actually, actively,
adoubted, afraid,
advision, vision,
afeard, afraid,
afterdeal, disadvantage,
againsay, retract,
aknown, known,
aligement, alleviation,
allegeance, alleviation,
allow, approve,
almeries, chests,
alther, gen. pl., of all,
amounted, mounted,
anealed, anointed,
anguishly, in pain,
anon, at once,
apair, weaken,
apparelled, fitted up,
appeach, impeach,
appealed, challenged, accused,
appertices, displays,
araged, enraged, ; confused,
araised, raised,
arase, obliterate,
areared, reared,
armyvestal, martial,
array, plight, state of affairs,
arrayed, situated,
arson, saddle-bow,
askance, casually,
assoiled, absolved,
assotted, infatuated,
assummon, summon,
astonied, amazed, stunned,
at, of, by,
at-after, after,
attaint, overcome,
aumbries, chests,
avail (at), at an advantage,
avaled, lowered,
avaunt, boast,
aventred, couched,
avised, be advised, take thought,
avision, vision,
avoid, quit,
avoided, got clear off,
avow, vow,
await of (in), in watch for,
awayward, away,
awke, sideways,

bachelors, probationers for knighthood
bain, bath,
barbican, gate-tower,
barget, little ship,
battle, division of an army,
bawdy, dirty,
beams, trumpets,
be-closed, enclosed,
become, pp., befallen, gone to,
bedashed, splashed,
behests, promises,
behight, promised,
beholden (beholding) to, obliged to,
behote, promised,
benome, deprived, taken away,
besants, gold coins,
beseek, beseech,
beseen, appointed, arrayed,
beskift, shove off,
bested, beset,
betaken, entrusted,
betaught, entrusted, recommended,
betid, happened,
betook, committed, entrusted,
bevered, quivered,
board, sb., deck,
bobaunce, boasting, pride,
boishe, bush, branch of a tree,
boistous, rough,
bole, trunk of a tree,
boot, remedy,
borrow out, redeem,
borrows, pledges,
bote, remedy,
bound, ready,
bourded, jested,
bourder, jester,
braced, embraced,
brachet, little hound,
braide, quick movement,
brast, burst, break,
breaths, breathing holes,
brief, shorten,
brim, fierce, furious,
brised, broke,
broached, pierced,
broaches, spits,
bur, hand-guard of a spear,
burble, bubble,
burbling, bubbling,
burgenetts, buds, blossoms,
bushment, ambush,
by and by, immediately,
bywaryed, expended, bestowed,

canel bone, collar bone,
cankered, inveterate,
cantel, slice, strip,
careful, sorrowful, full of troubles,
cast (of bread), loaves baked at the same time,
cast, ref: v., propose,
cedle, schedule, note,
cere, wax over, embalm,; cerel,
certes, certainly,
chafe, heat, decompose,; chafed, heated,
chaflet, platform, scaffold,
champaign, open country,
chariot (fr charette), cart,
cheer, countenance, entertainment,
chierte, dearness,
chrism, anointing oil,
clatter, talk confusedly,
cleight, clutched,
cleped, called,
clipping, embracing,
cog, small boat,
cognisance, badge, mark of distinction,
coif, head-piece,
comfort, strengthen, help,
cominal, common,
complished, complete,
con, know, be able, ; con thanlt, be grateful,
conserve, preserve,
conversant, abiding in,
cording, agreement,
coronal, circlet,
cost, side,
costed, kept up with,
couched, lay,
courage, encourage,
courtelage, courtyard,
covert, sheltered,
covetise, covetousness,
covin, deceit,
cream, oil,
credence, faith,
croup, crupper,
curteist, most courteous,

daffish, foolish,
danger (in), under obligation to, in the power of,
dawed, v tr., revived, intr. dawned,
deadly, mortal, human,
deal, part, portion,
debate, quarrel, strife,
debonair, courteous,
deceivable, deceitful,
defaded, faded,
default, fault,
defend, forbid,; defended,; forbidden,
defoiled, trodden down, fouled, deflowered,
degree (win the), rank, superiority,
delibered, determined,
deliverly, adroitly,
departed, divided,
departition, departure,
dere, harm,
descrive, describe,
despoiled, stripped,
detrenched, cut to pieces,
devised, looked carefully at,
devoir, duty, service,
did off, doffed,
dight, prepared,
dindled, trembled,
disadventure, misfortune,
discover, reveal,
disherited, disinherited,
disparpled, scattered,
dispenses, expenses,
disperplyd, scattered,
dispoiled, stripped,
distained, sullied, dishonoured,
disworship, shame,
dole, gift of alms,
dole, sorrow,
domineth, dominates, rules,
don, gift,
doted, foolish,
doubted, redoubtable,
draughts, privities, secret interviews, recesses,
drenched, drowned,
dress, make ready,
dressed up, raised,
dretched, troubled in sleep,
dretching, being troubled in sleep,
dromounds, war vessels,
dure, endure, last,; dured,; during,
duresse, bondage, hardship,
dwined, dwindled,

eased, entertained,
eft, after, again,
eftures, passages,
embattled, ranged for battle,
embushed, concealed in the woods,
eme, uncle,
empoison, poison,
emprised, undertook,
enbraid,
enchafe, heat,; enchafed, heated,
enchieve, achieve,
endlong, alongside of,
enewed, painted,
enforce, constrain,
engine, device,
enow, enough,
enquest, enterprise,
ensured, assured,
entermete, intermeddle,
errant, wandering,
estates, ranks,
even hand, at an equality,
evenlong, along,
everych, each, every one,

faiter, vagabond,
fare, sb., ado, commotion,
faren, pp., treated,
faute, lack,; fauted, lacked,
fealty, oath of fidelity,
fear, frighten,
feute, trace, track,
feuter, set in rest, couch,
feutred, set in socket,
fiaunce, affiance, promise,
flang, flung,; rushed,
flatling, prostrate,
fleet, float,
flemed, put to flight,
flittered, fluttered,
foiled, defeated, shamed,
foined, thrust,
foining, thrusting,
foins, thrusts,
foot-hot, hastily,
for-bled, spent with bleeding,
force (no), no concern,
fordeal, advantage,
fordo, destroy,; fordid,
forecast, preconcerted plot,
for-fared, worsted,
forfend, forbid,
forfoughten, weary with fighting,
forhewn, hewn to pieces,
forjousted, tired with jousting,
forthinketh, repents,
fortuned, happened,
forward, vanguard,
forwowmded, sorely wounded,
free, noble,
freshed,
froward, away from,

gad, wedge or spike of iron,
gainest, readiest,
gar, cause,
gart, compelled,
gentily, like a gentleman,
gerfalcon, a fine hawk,
germane, closely allied,
gest, deed, story,
gisarm, halberd, battle-axe,
glaive, sword,
glasting, barking,
glatisant, barking, yelping,
gobbets, lumps,
graithed, made ready,
gree, degree, superiority,
greed, pp., pleased, content,
grescs, steps,
grimly, ugly,
grovelling, on his face,
guerdonless, without reward,
guise, fashion,

habergeon, hauberk with leggings attached,
hair, a hair-shirt,
hale and how, a sailor's cry,
halp, helped,
halsed, embraced,
halsing, embracing,
handfast, betrothed,
handsel, earnest-money,
hangers, testicles,
harbingers, messengers sent to prepare lodgings,
harness, armour,
hart of greese, fat deer,
hauberk, coat of mail,
haut, high, noble,
hauteyn, haughty,
heavy, sad,
hete, command,
hide, skin,
hied, hurried,
high (on), aloud,
higher hand, the uppermost,
hight, called,
hilled, covered, concealed,
holden, held,
holp, helped,
holts, woods,
hough-bone, back part of kneejoint,
houselled, to be given the eucharist,
hoved, hovered, waited about,
hurled, dashed, staggered,; hurling,
hurtle, dash,

incontinent, forthwith,
ind, dark blue,
infellowship, join in fellowship,
in like, alike,
intermit, interpose,

japer, jester,
japes, jests,
jesseraunt, a short cuirass,

keep, sb., care,
keep, s., care, reck,
kemps, champions,
kind, nature,
kindly, natural,
knights parters, marshals,
know, acknowledge,
knowledging, acknowledgment, confession,

lain, conceal,
langering, sauntering,
lapped, took in her lap,
large, generous,
largeness, liberality,
laton, latten, brass,
laund, waste plain,
layne, conceal,
lazar-cot, leper-house,
learn, teach,
lears, cheeks,
leaved, leafy,
lecher, fornicator,
leech, physician,
leman, lover,
let, caused to,
let, hinder,
lewdest, most ignorant,
licours lecherous,
lief, dear,
liefer, more gladly,
lieve, believe,
limb-meal, limb from limb,
list, desire, pleasure,
lithe, joint,
longing unto, belonging to,
long on (upon), because of,
loos, praise,
lotless, without a share,
loveday, day for. settling disputes,
loving, praising,
lunes, leashes, strings,
lusk, lubber,
lusts, inclinations,

maims, wounds,
makeless, matchless,
makers, authors, poets,
mas,ease, discomfort,
mal engine, evil design,
mal-fortune, ill-luck, mishap,
marches, borders,
mass-penny, offering at mass for the dead,
matche old, machicolated, with holes for defence,
maugre, sb., despite,
measle, disease,
medled, mingled,
medley, melee, general encounter,
meiny, retinue,
mickle, much,
minever, ermine,
mischieved, hurt,
mischievous, painful,
miscorr fort, discomfort,
miscreature, unbeliever,
missay, revile,; missaid,
mo, more,
more and less, rich and poor,
motes, notes on a horn,
mount~ lance, amount of, extent,
much, great,

naked, unarmed,
namely, especially,
ne, nor,
near-hand, nearly,; near,
needly, needs, on your own compulsion,
nesh, soft, tender,
nigh-hand, nearly,
nill, will not,
nilt, will not,
nis, ne is, is not,
nist, ne wist, knew not,
noblesse, nobleness,
nobley, nobility, splendour,
noised, reported,
nold, would not,
noseling, on his nose,
not for then, nevertheless,
notoyrly, notoriously,
noyous, hurtful,

obeissance, obedience,
or, before,
orgule, haughtiness,
orgulist, haughtiest,
orgulite, pride, arrogance,
orgulous, proud,
other, or,
ouches, jewels,
ought, owned,
outcept, except,
outher, or,
out-taken, except,
over-evening, last night,
overget, overtake,
overhylled, covered,
over-led, domineered over,
overlong, the length of,
overslip, pass,
overthwart, adj., cross,
overthwart, sb., mischance,
overthwart and endlong, by the breadth and length,

painture, painting,
paitrelles, breastplate of a horse,
paltocks, short coats,
parage, descent,
pareil, like,
passing, surpassingly,
paynim, pagan,
pensel, pennon,
perclos, partition,
perdy, par dieu,
perigot, falcon,
perish, destroy,
peron, tombstone,
pight, pitched,
pike, steal away,
piked, stole,
pillers, plunderers,
pilling, plundering,
pleasaunce, pleasure,
plenour, complete,
plump, sb., cluster,
pointling, aiming,
pont, bridge,
port, gate,
posseded, possessed,
potestate, governor,
precessours, predecessors,
press, throng,
pretendeth, belongs to,
pricker, hard rider,
pricking, spurring,
prime, a.m.,
prise, capture,
puissance, power,
purfle, trimming,
purfled, embroidered,
purvey, provide,

quarrels, arrowheads,
questing, barking,
quick, alive,
quit, repaid,; acquitted, behaved,

raced (rased), tore,
rack (of bulls), herd,
raines, a town in brittany famous for its cloth,
ramping, raging,
range, rank, station,
ransacked, searched,
rashed, fell headlong,
rashing, rushing,
rasing, rushing,
rasure,
raundon, impetuosity,
rear, raise,
rechate, note of recall,
recomforted, comforted, cheered,
recounter, rencontre, encounter,
recover, rescue,
rede, advise, ; sb., counsel,
redounded, glanced back,
religion, religious order,
reneye, deny,
report, refer,
resemblaunt; semblance,
retrayed, drew back,
rightwise, rightly,
rivage, shore,
romed, roared,
roted, practised,
rove, cleft,
rownsepyk, a branch,

sacring, consecrating,
sad, serious,
sadly, heartily, earnestly,
salle, room,
samite, silk stuff with gold or silver
threads,
sangreal, holy grail,
sarps, girdles,
saw, proverb,
scathes, harms, hurts,
scripture, writing,
search, probe wounds,
selar, canopy,
semblable, like,
semblant, semblance,
sendal, fine cloth,
sennight, week,
servage, slavery,
sewer, officer who set on dishes and tasted them,
shaft-mon, handbreadth,
shaw, thicket,
sheef, thrust,
sheer-thursday, thursday in holy week,
shend, harm,
shenship, disgrace,
shent, undone, blamed,
shour, attack,
shrew, rascal,
shrewd, knavish,
sib, akin to,
sideling, sideways,
siege, seat,
signified, likened,
siker, sure,
sikerness, assurance,
sith, since,
sithen, afterwards, since,
skift, changed,
slade, valley,
slake, glen,
soil (to go to), hunting term for taking the water,
sonds, messages,
sort, company,
sperd, bolted,
spere, ask, inquire,
spered, asked,
sperhawk, sparrowhawk,
sprent, sprinkled,
stale, station,
stark, thoroughly,
stead, place,
stert, started, rose quickly,
steven, appointment,; steven ser. appointment made,
steven, voice,
stigh, path,
stilly, silently,
stint, fixed revenue,
stonied, astonished,; became confused,
stour, battle,
strain, race, descent,
strait, narrow,
straked, blew a horn,
sue, pursue,
sued, pursued,
surcingles, saddle girths,
swang, swung,
sweven, dream,
swough, sound of wind,

talent, desire,
tallages, taxes,
tallies, taxes,
tamed, crushed,
tatches, qualities,
tene, sorrow,
term, period of time,
thilk, that same,
tho, then,
thrang, pushed,
thrulled, pushed,
till, to,
to-brast, burst,
to-fore, before,
to-morn, to-morrow,
took, gave,
to-rove, broke up,
to-shivered, broken to pieces,
traced, advanced and retreated,
trains, devices, wiles,
trasing, pressing forward,
travers (met at), came across,
traverse, slantwise,
traversed, moved sideways,
tray, grief,
treatise, treaty,
tree, timber,
trenchant, cutting, sharp,
tres:, hunting term,
truage, tribute,
trussed, packed,

ubblie, wafer, host,
umbecast, cast about,
umberere, the part of the helmet which shaded the eyes,
umbre, shade,
unavised, thoughtlessly,
uncouth, strange,
underne, - a.m.,
ungoodly, rudely,
unhappy, unlucky,
unhilled, uncovered,
unr the, scarcely,
unsicker, unstable,
unwimpled, uncovered,
unwrast, untwisted, unbound,
upright, flat on the back,
up-so-down, upside down,
ure, usage,
utas, octave of a festival,
utterance, uttermost,

varlet, servant,
venery, hunting,
ven ails, breathing holes,
villain, man of low birth,
visors, the perforated parts of helmets,
voided, slipped away from,

wagging, shaking,
waited, watched,
waits, watches,
wallop, gallop,
wanhope, despair,
wap, ripple,
ware, aware,
warison, reward,
warn, forbid, refuse,
weeds, garments,
weltered, rolled about,
wend, thought,
wer-wolf, a man turned into a wolf by magic,
where, whereas,
wide-where, over wide space,
wield, possess, have power over,
wield himself, come to himself,
wight, brave, strong,
wightly, swiftly,
wildsome, desolate,
wimpled, with the head covered,
win, make way,
wite, v., blame,
within-forth, on the inside,
without-forth, on the outside,
wittiest, cleverest,
wittily, cleverly,
witting, knowledge,
wold or nold, would or would not,
wonder, adj., wondrous,
wonder, adv., wondrously,
wonderly, wonderfully,
wood, mad,
woodness, madness,
wood shaw, thicket of the wood,
worship, honour,
worshipped, cause to be honoured,
worts, roots,
wot, know,
wrack, destruction,
wroken, wreaked,
wrothe, twisted,

yede, ran,
yelden, yielded,
yerde, stick, stem,
yode, went,
yolden, yielded,
y-wis, certainly,










end of the project gutenberg ebook of le morte d’arthur, volume ii (of ii),
by thomas malory

*** end of the project gutenberg ebook 1252 ***
