 sir gawayne and the green knight: an alliterative romance-poem, (ab. 1360 a.d.) by the author of "early english alliterative poems." re-edited from cotton. ms. nero, a.x., in the british museum, by richard morris, editor of hampole's "pricke of conscience," "early english alliterative poems," etc.; member of the council of the philological society. second edition, revised, 1869. london published for the early english text society by n. trübner & co., 60, paternoster row, mdccclxiv. john childs and son, printers. note: the old english "yogh" characters have been translated both upper and lower-case yoghs to digit 3's. there are unicode allocations for these (in html &#540; and &#541;) but at present no font which implements these. substiting the digit 3 seemed a workable compromise which anybody can read. the linked html "old english 'yogh' file" uses &#540; and &#541; representations, and is included for users with specialist fonts. preface to the first edition. in re-editing the present romance-poem i have been saved all labour of transcription by using the very accurate text contained in sir f. madden's "syr gawayne." i have not only read his copy with the manuscript, but also the proof-sheets as they came to hand, hoping by this means to give the reader a text free from any errors of transcription. the present edition differs from that of the earlier one in having the contractions of the manuscript expanded and side-notes added to the text to enable the reader to follow with some degree of ease the author's pleasant narrative of sir gawayne's adventures. the glossary is taken from sir f. madden's "syr gawayne," 1 to which, for the better interpretation of the text, i have made several additions, and have, moreover, glossed nearly all the words previously left unexplained. for a description of the manuscript, and particulars relating to the authorship and dialect of the present work, the reader is referred to the preface to early english alliterative poems . r.m. london, december 22, 1864. [ 1 sir f. madden has most generously placed at the disposal of the early english text society any of his works which it may determine to re-edit.] introduction. no knight of the round table has been so highly honoured by the old romance-writers as sir gawayne, the son of loth, and nephew to the renowned arthur. they delighted to describe him as gawayne the good, a man matchless on mould, the most gracious that under god lived, the hardiest of hand, the most fortunate in arms, and the most polite in hall, whose knowledge, knighthood, kindly works, doings, doughtiness, and deeds of arms were known in all lands. when arthur beheld the dead body of his kinsman lying on the ground bathed in blood, he is said to have exclaimed, "o righteous god, this blood were worthy to be preserved and enshrined in gold!" our author, too, loves to speak of his hero in similar terms of praise, calling him the knight faultless in his five wits, void of every offence, and adorned with every earthly virtue. he represents him as one whose trust was in the five wounds, and in whom the five virtues which distinguished the true knight were more firmly established than in any other on earth. the author of the present story, who, as we know from his religious poems, had an utter horror of moral impurity, could have chosen no better subject for a romance in which amusement and moral instruction were to be combined. in the following tale he shows how the true knight, though tempted sorely not once alone, but twice, nay thrice, breaks not his vow of chastity, but turns aside the tempter's shafts with the shield of purity and arm of faith, and so passes scatheless through the perilous defile of trial and opportunity seeming safe. but while our author has borrowed many of the details of his story from the "roman de perceval" by chrestien de troyes, he has made the narrative more attractive by the introduction of several original and highly interesting passages which throw light on the manners and amusements of our ancestors. the following elaborate descriptions are well deserving of especial notice:— i. the mode of completely arming a knight (ll. 568-589). ii. the hunting and breaking the deer (ll. 1126-1359). iii. the hunting and unlacing the wild boar (ll. 1412-1614). iv. a fox hunt (ll. 1675-1921). the following is an outline of the story of gawayne's adventures, more or less in the words of the writer himself:— arthur, the greatest of britain's kings, holds the christmas festival at camelot, surrounded by the celebrated knights of the round table, noble lords, the most renowned under heaven, and ladies the loveliest that ever had life (ll. 37-57). this noble company celebrate the new year by a religious service, by the bestowal of gifts, and the most joyous mirth. lords and ladies take their seats at the table—queen guenever, the grey-eyed, gaily dressed, sits at the daïs, the high table, or table of state, where too sat gawayne and ywain together with other worthies of the round table (ll. 58-84, 107-115). arthur, in mood as joyful as a child, his blood young and his brain wild, declares that he will not eat nor sit long at the table until some adventurous thing, some uncouth tale, some great marvel, or some encounter of arms has occurred to mark the return of the new year (ll. 85-106). the first course was announced with cracking of trumpets, with the noise of nakers and noble pipes. "each two had dishes twelve, good beer and bright wine both." scarcely was the first course served when another noise than that of music was heard. there rushes in at the hall-door a knight of gigantic stature—the greatest on earth—in measure high. he was clothed entirely in green, and rode upon a green foal (ll. 116-178). fair wavy hair fell about the shoulders of the green knight, and a great beard like a bush hung upon his breast (ll. 179-202). the knight carried no helmet, shield, or spear, but in one hand a holly bough, and in the other an axe "huge and unmeet," the edge of which was as keen as a sharp razor (ll. 203-220). thus arrayed, the green knight enters the hall without saluting any one. the first word that he uttered was, "where is the govenour of this gang? gladly would i see him and with himself speak reason." to the knights he cast his eye, looking for the most renowned. much did the noble assembly marvel to see a man and a horse of such a hue, green as the grass. even greener they seemed than green enamel on bright gold. many marvels had they seen, but none such as this. they were afraid to answer, but sat stone-still in a dead silence, as if overpowered by sleep; "not all from fear, but some for courtesy" (ll. 221-249). then arthur before the high daïs salutes the green knight, bids him welcome, and entreats him to stay awhile at his court. the knight says that his errand is not to abide in any dwelling, but to seek the most valiant of the heroes of the round table that he may put his courage to the proof, and thus satisfy himself as to the fame of arthur's court. "i come," he says, "in peace, as ye may see by this branch that i bear here. had i come with hostile intentions, i should not have left my hauberk, helmet, shield, sharp spear, and other weapons behind me. but because i desire no war, 'my weeds are softer.' if thou be so bold as all men say, thou wilt grant me the request i am about to make." "sir courteous knight," replies arthur, "if thou cravest battle only, here failest thou not to fight." "nay," says the green knight, "i seek no fighting. here about on this bench are only beardless children. were i arrayed in arms on a high steed no man here would be a match for me (ll. 250-282). but it is now christmas time, and this is the new year, and i see around me many brave ones;—if any be so bold in his blood that dare strike a stroke for another, i shall give him this rich axe to do with it whatever he pleases. i shall abide the first blow just as i sit, and will stand him a stroke, stiff on this floor, provided that i deal him another in return. and yet give i him respite, a twelvemonth and a day; now haste and let see tite (soon) dare any here-in ought say.'" if he astounded them at first, much more so did he after this speech, and fear held them all silent. the knight, righting himself in his saddle, rolls fiercely his red eyes about, bends his bristly green brows, and strokes his beard awaiting a reply. but finding none that would carp with him, he exclaims, "what! is this arthur's house, the fame of which has spread through so many realms? forsooth, the renown of the round table is overturned by the word of one man's speech, for all tremble for dread without a blow being struck!" (ll. 283-313). with this he laughed so loud that arthur blushed for very shame, and waxed as wroth as the wind. "i know no man," he says, "that is aghast at thy great words. give me now thy axe and i will grant thee thy request!" arthur seizes the axe, grasps the handle, and sternly brandishes it about, while the green knight, with a stern cheer and a dry countenance, stroking his beard and drawing down his coat, awaits the blow (ll. 314-335). sir gawayne, the nephew of the king, beseeches his uncle to let him undertake the encounter; and, at the earnest entreaty of his nobles, arthur consents "to give gawayne the game" (ll. 336-365). sir gawayne then takes possession of the axe, but, before the blow is dealt, the green knight asks the name of his opponent. "in good faith," answers the good knight, "gawayne i am called, that bids thee to this buffet, whatever may befall after, and at this time twelvemonth will take from thee another, with whatever weapon thou wilt, and with no wight else alive." "by gog," quoth the green knight, "it pleases me well that i shall receive at thy fist that which i have sought here—moreover thou hast truly rehearsed the terms of the covenant,—but thou shalt first pledge me thy word that thou wilt seek me thyself, wheresoever on earth thou believest i may be found, and fetch thee such wages as thou dealest me to-day before this company of doughty ones." "where should i seek thee?" replies gawayne, "where is thy place? i know not thee, thy court, or thy name. i wot not where thou dwellest, but teach me thereto, tell me how thou art called, and i shall endeavour to find thee,—and that i swear thee for truth and by my sure troth." "that is enough in new year," says the groom in green, "if i tell thee when i have received the tap. when thou hast smitten me, then smartly i will teach thee of my house, my home, and my own name, so that thou mayest follow my track and fulfil the covenant between us. if i spend no speech, then speedest thou the better, for then mayest thou remain in thy own land and seek no further; but cease thy talking 1 (ll. 366-412). take now thy grim tool to thee and let us see how thou knockest." "gladly, sir, for sooth," quoth gawayne, and his axe he brandishes. [ 1 this, i think, is the true explanation of slokes .] the green knight adjusts himself on the ground, bends slightly his head, lays his long lovely locks over his crown, and lays bare his neck for the blow. gawayne then gripped the axe, and, raising it on high, let it fall quickly upon the knight's neck and severed the head from the body. the fair head fell from the neck to the earth, and many turned it aside with their feet as it rolled forth. the blood burst from the body, yet the knight never faltered nor fell; but boldly he started forth on stiff shanks and fiercely rushed forward, seized his head, and lifted it up quickly. then he runs to his horse, the bridle he catches, steps into his stirrups and strides aloft. his head by the hair he holds in his hands, and sits as firmly in his saddle as if no mishap had ailed him, though headless he was (ll. 413-439). he turned his ugly trunk about—that ugly body that bled,—and holding the head in his hand, he directed the face toward the "dearest on the dais." the head lifted up its eyelids and looked abroad, and thus much spoke with its mouth as ye may now hear: "loke, gawayne, thou be prompt to go as thou hast promised, and seek till thou find me according to thy promise made in the hearing of these knights. get thee to the green chapel, i charge thee, to fetch such a dint as thou hast dealt, to be returned on new year's morn. as the knight of the green chapel i am known to many, wherefore if thou seekest thou canst not fail to find me. therefore come, or recreant be called." with a fierce start the reins he turns, rushes out of the hall-door, his head in his hand, so that the fire of the flint flew from the hoofs of his foal. to what kingdom he belonged knew none there, nor knew they from whence he had come. what then? "the king and gawayne there at that green (one) they laugh and grin." though arthur wondered much at the marvel, he let no one see that he was at all troubled about it, but full loudly thus spake to his comely queen with courteous speech: "dear dame, to-day be never dismayed, well happens such craft at christmas time. i may now proceed to meat, for i cannot deny that i have witnessed a wondrous adventure this day" (ll. 440-475). he looked upon sir gawayne and said, "now, sir, hang up thine axe, for enough has it hewn." so the weapon was hung up on high that all might look upon it, and "by true title thereof tell the wonder." then all the knights hastened to their seats at the table, so did the king and our good knight, and they were there served with all dainties, "with all manner of meat and minstrelsy." though words were wanting when they first to seat went, now are their hands full of stern work, and the marvel affords them good subject for conversation. but a year passes full quickly and never returns,—the beginning is seldom like the end; wherefore this christmas passed away and the year after, and each season in turn followed after another (ll. 476-520). thus winter winds round again, and then gawayne thinks of his wearisome journey (ll. 521-535). on all-hallows day arthur entertains right nobly the lords and ladies of his court in honour of his nephew, for whom all courteous knights and lovely ladies were in great grief. nevertheless they spoke only of mirth, and, though joyless themselves, made many a joke to cheer the good sir gawayne (ll. 536-565). early on the morrow sir gawayne, with great ceremony, is arrayed in his armour (ll. 566-589), and thus completely equipped for his adventure he first hears mass, and afterwards takes leave of arthur, the knights of the round table, and the lords and ladies of the court, who kiss him and commend him to christ. he bids them all good day, as he thought, for evermore (ll. 590-669); " very much was the warm water that poured from eyes that day ." now rides our knight through the realms of england with no companion but his foal, and no one to hold converse with save god alone. from camelot, in somersetshire, he proceeds through gloucestershire and the adjoining counties into montgomeryshire, and thence through north wales to holyhead, adjoining the isle of anglesea (ll. 670-700), from which he passes into the very narrow peninsula of wirral, in cheshire, where dwelt but few that loved god or man. gawayne enquires after the green knight of the green chapel, but all the inhabitants declare that they have never seen "any man of such hues of green." the knight thence pursues his journey by strange paths, over hill and moor, encountering on his way not only serpents, wolves, bulls, bears, and boars, but wood satyrs and giants. but worse than all those, however, was the sharp winter, "when the cold clear water shed from the clouds, and froze ere it might fall to the earth. nearly slain with the sleet he slept in his armour, more nights than enough, in naked rocks" (ll. 701-729). thus in peril and plight the knight travels on until christmas-eve, and to mary he makes his moan that she may direct him to some abode. on the morn he arrives at an immense forest, wondrously wild, surrounded by high hills on every side, where he found hoary oaks full huge, a hundred together. the hazel and the hawthorn intermingled were all overgrown with moss, and upon their boughs sat many sad birds that piteously piped for pain of the cold. gawayne besought the lord and mary to guide him to some habitation where he might hear mass (ll. 730-762). scarcely had he crossed himself thrice, when he perceived a dwelling in the wood set upon a hill. it was the loveliest castle he had ever beheld. it was pitched on a prairie, with a park all about it, enclosing many a tree for more than two miles. it shone as the sun through the bright oaks (ll. 763-772). gawayne urges on his steed gringolet, and finds himself at the "chief gate." he called aloud, and soon there appeared a "porter" on the wall, who demanded his errand. "good sir," quoth gawayne, "wouldst thou go to the high lord of this house, and crave a lodging for me?" "yea, by peter!" replied the porter, "well i know that thou art welcome to dwell here as long as thou likest." the drawbridge is soon let down, and the gates opened wide to receive the knight. many noble ones hasten to bid him welcome (ll. 773-825). they take away his helmet, sword, and shield, and many a proud one presses forward to do him honour. they bring him into the hall, where a fire was brightly burning upon the hearth. then the lord of the land 1 comes from his chamber and welcomes sir gawayne, telling him that he is to consider the place as his own. our knight is next conducted to a bright bower, where was noble bedding—curtains of pure silk, with golden hems, and tarsic tapestries upon the walls and the floors (ll. 826-859). here the knight doffed his armour and put on rich robes, which so well became him, that all declared that a more comely knight christ had never made (ll. 860-883). [ 1 gawayne is now in the castle of the green knight, who, divested of his elvish or supernatural character, appears to our knight merely as a bold one with a beaver-hued beard.] a table is soon raised, and gawayne, having washed, proceeds to meat. many dishes are set before him—"sews" of various kinds, fish of all kinds, some baked in bread, others broiled on the embers, some boiled, and others seasoned with spices. the knight expresses himself well pleased, and calls it a most noble and princely feast. after dinner, in reply to numerous questions, he tells his host that he is gawayne, one of the knights of the round table. when this was made known great was the joy in the hall. each one said softly to his companion, "now we shall see courteous behaviour and learn the terms of noble discourse, since we have amongst us 'that fine father of nurture.' truly god has highly favoured us in sending us such a noble guest as sir gawayne" (ll. 884-927). at the end of the christmas festival gawayne desires to take his departure from the castle, but his host persuades him to stay, promising to direct him to the green chapel (about two miles from the castle), that he may be there by the appointed time (ll. 1029-1082). a covenant is made between them, the terms of which were that the lord of the castle should go out early to the chase, that gawayne meanwhile should lie in his loft at his ease, then rise at his usual hour, and afterwards sit at table with his hostess, and that at the end of the day they should make an exchange of whatever they might obtain in the interim. "whatever i win in the wood," says the lord, "shall be yours, and what thou gettest shall be mine" (ll. 1083-1125). full early before daybreak the folk uprise, saddle their horses, and truss their mails. the noble lord of the land, arrayed for riding, eats hastily a sop, and having heard mass, proceeds with a hundred hunters to hunt the wild deer (ll. 1126-1177). all this time gawayne lies in his gay bed. his nap is disturbed by a little noise at the door, which is softly opened. he heaves up his head out of the clothes, and, peeping through the curtains, beholds a most lovely lady (the wife of his host). she came towards the bed, and the knight laid himself down quickly, pretending to be asleep. the lady stole to the bed, cast up the curtains, crept within, sat her softly on the bed-side, and waited some time till the knight should awake. after lurking awhile under the clothes considering what it all meant, gawayne unlocked his eyelids, and put on a look of surprise, at the same time making the sign of the cross, as if afraid of some hidden danger (ll. 1178-1207). "good morrow, sir," said that fair lady, "ye are a careless sleeper to let one enter thus. i shall bind you in your bed, of that be ye sure." "good morrow," quoth gawayne, "i shall act according to your will with great pleasure, but permit me to rise that i may the more comfortably converse with you." "nay, beau sir," said that sweet one, "ye shall not rise from your bed, for since i have caught my knight i shall hold talk with him. i ween well that ye are sir gawayne that all the world worships, whose honour and courtesy are so greatly praised. now ye are here, and we are alone (my lord and his men being afar off, other men, too, are in bed, so are my maidens), and the door is safely closed, i shall use my time well while it lasts. ye are welcome to my person to do with it as ye please, and i will be your servant" (ll. 1208-1240). gawayne behaves most discreetly, for the remembrance of his forthcoming adventure at the green chapel prevents him from thinking of love (ll. 1205-1289). at last the lady takes leave of the knight by catching him in her arms and kissing him (ll. 1290-1307). the day passes away merrily, and at dusk the lord of the castle returns from the chase. he presents the venison to gawayne according to the previous covenant between them. our knight gives his host a kiss as the only piece of good fortune that had fallen to him during the day. "it is good," says the other, "and would be much better if ye would tell me where ye won such bliss" (ll. 1308-1394). "that was not in our covenant," replies gawayne, "so try me no more." after much laughing on both sides they proceed to supper, and afterwards, while the choice wine is being carried round, gawayne and his host renew their agreement. late at night they take leave of each other and hasten to their beds. "by the time that the cock had crowed and cackled thrice" the lord was up, and after "meat and mass" were over the hunters make for the woods, where they give chase to a wild boar who had grown old and mischievous (ll. 1395-1467). while the sportsmen are hunting this "wild swine" our lovely knight lies in his bed. he is not forgotten by the lady, who pays him an early visit, seeking to make further trial of his virtues. she sits softly by his side and tells him that he has forgotten what she taught him the day before (ll. 1468-1486). "i taught you of kissing," says she; "that becomes every courteous knight." gawayne says that he must not take that which is forbidden him. the lady replies that he is strong enough to enforce his own wishes. our knight answers that every gift not given with a good will is worthless. his fair visitor then enquires how it is that he who is so skilled in the true sport of love and so renowned a knight, has never talked to her of love (ll. 1487-1524). "you ought," she says, "to show and teach a young thing like me some tokens of true-love's crafts; i come hither and sit here alone to learn of you some game; do teach me of your wit while my lord is from home." gawayne replies that he cannot undertake the task of expounding true-love and tales of arms to one who has far more wisdom than he possesses. thus did our knight avoid all appearance of evil, though sorely pressed to do what was wrong (ll. 1525-1552). the lady, having bestowed two kisses upon sir gawayne, takes her leave of him (ll. 1553-1557). at the end of the day the lord of the castle returns home with the shields and head of the wild boar. he shows them to his guest, who declares that "such a brawn of a beast, nor such sides of a swine," he never before has seen. gawayne takes possession of the spoil according to covenant, and in return he bestows two kisses upon his host, who declares that his guest has indeed been rich with "such chaffer" (ll. 1558-1647). after much persuasion, gawayne consents to stop at the castle another day (ll. 1648-1685). early on the morrow the lord and his men hasten to the woods, and come upon the track of a fox, the hunting of which affords them plenty of employment and sport (ll. 1686-1730). meanwhile our good knight sleeps soundly within his comely curtains. he is again visited by the lady of the castle. so gaily was she attired, and so "faultless of her features," that great joy warmed the heart of sir gawayne. with soft and pleasant smiles "they smite into mirth," and are soon engaged in conversation. had not mary thought of her knight, he would have been in great peril (ll. 1731-1769). so sorely does the fair one press him with her love, that he fears lest he should become a traitor to his host. the lady enquires whether he has a mistress to whom he has plighted his troth. the knight swears by st john that he neither has nor desires one. this answer causes the dame to sigh for sorrow, and telling him that she must depart, she asks for some gift, if it were only a glove, by which she might "think on the knight and lessen her grief" (ll. 1770-1800). gawayne assures her that he has nothing worthy of her acceptance; that he is on an "uncouth errand," and therefore has "no men with no mails containing precious things," for which he is truly sorry. quoth that lovesome (one)— "though i had nought of yours, yet should ye have of mine. thus saying, she offers him a rich ring of red gold "with a shining stone standing aloft," that shone like the beams of the bright sun. the knight refused the gift, as he had nothing to give in return. "since ye refuse my ring," says the lady, "because it seems too rich, and ye would not be beholden to me, i shall give you my girdle that is less valuable" (ll. 1801-1835). but gawayne replies that he will not accept gold or reward of any kind, though "ever in hot and in cold" he will be her true servant. "do ye refuse it," asks the lady, "because it seems simple and of little value? whoso knew the virtues that are knit therein would estimate it more highly. for he who is girded with this green lace cannot be wounded or slain by any man under heaven." the knight thinks awhile, and it strikes him that this would be a "jewel for the jeopardy" that he had to undergo at the green chapel. so he not only accepts the lace, but promises to keep the possession of it a secret (ll. 1836-1865). by that time the lady had kissed him thrice, and she then takes "her leave and leaves him there." gawayne rises, dresses himself in noble array, and conceals the "love lace" where he might find it again. he then hies to mass, shrives him of his misdeeds, and obtains absolution. on his return to the hall he solaces the ladies with comely carols and all kinds of joy (ll. 1866-1892). the dark night came, and then the lord of the castle, having slain the fox, returns to his "dear home," where he finds a fire brightly turning and his guest amusing the ladies (ll. 1893-1927). gawayne, in fulfilment of his agreement, kisses his host thrice. 1 "by christ," quoth the other knight, "ye have caught much bliss. i have hunted all this day and nought have i got but the skin of this foul fox (the devil have the goods!), and that is full poor for to pay for such precious things" (ll. 1928-1951). after the usual evening's entertainment, gawayne retires to rest. the next morning, being new year's day, is cold and stormy. snow falls, and the dales are full of drift. our knight in his bed locks his eyelids, but full little he sleeps. by each cock that crows he knows the hour, and before day-break he calls for his chamberlain, who quickly brings him his armour (ll. 1952-2014). while gawayne clothed himself in his rich weeds he forgot not the "lace, the lady's gift," but with it doubly girded his loins. he wore it not for its rich ornaments, "but to save himself when it behoved him to suffer," and as a safeguard against sword or knife (ll. 2015-2046). having thanked his host and all the renowned assembly for the great kindness he had experienced at their hands, "he steps into stirrups and strides aloft" (ll. 2047-2068). the drawbridge is let down, and the broad gates unbarred and borne open upon both sides, and the knight, after commending the castle to christ, passes thereout and goes on his way accompanied by his guide, that should teach him to turn to that place where he should receive the much-dreaded blow. they climb over cliffs, where each hill had a hat and a mist-cloak, until the next morn, when they find themselves on a full high hill covered with snow. the servant bids his master remain awhile, saying, "i have brought you hither at this time, and now ye are not far from that noted place that ye have so often enquired after. the place that ye press to is esteemed full perilous, and there dwells a man in that waste the worst upon earth, for he is stiff and stern and loves to strike, and greater is he than any man upon middle-earth, and his body is bigger than the best four in arthur's house. he keeps the green chapel; there passes none by that place, however proud in arms, that he does not 'ding him to death with dint of his hand.' he is a man immoderate and 'no mercy uses,' for be it churl or chaplain that by the chapel rides, monk or mass-priest, or any man else, it is as pleasant to him to kill them as to go alive himself. wherefore i tell thee truly, 'come ye there, ye be killed, though ye had twenty lives to spend. he has dwelt there long of yore, and on field much sorrow has wrought. against his sore dints ye may not defend you' (ll. 2069-2117). therefore, good sir gawayne, let the man alone, and for god's sake go by some other path, and then i shall hie me home again. i swear to you by [ 1 he only in part keeps to his covenant, as he holds back the love-lace .] god and all his saints that i will never say that ever ye attempted to flee from any man." gawayne thanks his guide for his well-meant kindness, but declares that to the green chapel he will go, though the owner thereof be "a stern knave," for god can devise means to save his servants. "mary!" quoth the other, "since it pleases thee to lose thy life i will not hinder thee. have thy helmet on thy head, thy spear in thy hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, till thou be brought to the bottom of the valley. then look a little on the plain, on thy left hand, and thou shalt see in that slade the chapel itself, and the burly knight that guards it (ll. 2118-2148). now, farewell gawayne the noble! for all the gold upon ground i would not go with thee nor bear thee fellowship through this wood 'on foot farther.'" thus having spoken, he gallops away and leaves the knight alone. gawayne now pursues his journey, rides through the dale, and looks about. he sees no signs of a resting-place, but only high and steep banks, and the very shadows of the high woods seemed wild and distorted. no chapel, however, could he discover. after a while he sees a round hill by the side of a stream; thither he goes, alights, and fastens his horse to the branch of a tree. he walks about the hill, debating with himself what it might be. it had a hole in the one end and on each side, and everywhere overgrown with grass, but whether it was only an old cave or a crevice of an old crag he could not tell (ll. 2149-2188). "now, indeed," quoth gawayne, "a desert is here; this oratory is ugly with herbs overgrown. it is a fitting place for the man in green to 'deal here his devotions after the devil's manner.' now i feel it is the fiend (the devil) in my five wits that has covenanted with me that he may destroy me. this is a chapel of misfortune—evil betide it! it is the most cursed kirk that ever i came in." with his helmet on his head, and spear in his hand, he roams up to the rock, and then he hears from that high hill beyond the brook a wondrous wild noise. lo! it clattered in the cliff as if one upon a grindstone were grinding a scythe. it whirred like the water at a mill, and rushed and re-echoed, terrible to hear. "though my life i forgo," says gawayne, "no noise shall cause me to fear." then he cried aloud, "who dwells in this place, discourse with me to hold? for now is good gawayne going right here if any brave wight will hie him hither, either now or never" (ll. 2189-2216). "abide," quoth one on the bank above, over his head, "and thou shalt have all in haste that i promised thee once." soon there comes out of a hole in the crag, with a fell weapon a danish axe quite new, the "man in the green," clothed as at first as his legs, locks and beard. but now he is on foot and walks on the earth. when he reaches the stream, he hops over and boldly strides about. he meets sir gawayne, who tells him that he is quite ready to fulfil his part of the compact. "gawayne," quoth that 'green gome' (man), "may god preserve thee! truly thou art welcome to my place, 'and thou hast timed thy travel' as a true man should. thou knowest the covenants made between us, at this time twelve-month, that on new year's day i should return thee thy blow. we are now in this valley by ourselves, and can do as we please (ll. 2217-2246). have, therefore, thy helmet off thy head, and 'have here thy pay.' let us have no more talk than when thou didst strike off my head with a single blow." "nay, by god!" quoth gawayne, "i shall not begrudge thee thy will for any harm that may happen, but will stand still while thou strikest." then he stoops a little and shows his bare neck, unmoved by any fear. the green knight takes up his "grim tool," and with all his force raises it aloft, as if he meant utterly to destroy him. as the axe came gliding down gawayne "shrank a little with the shoulders from the sharp iron." the other withheld his weapon, and then reproved the prince with many proud words. "thou art not gawayne that is so good esteemed, that never feared for no host by hill nor by vale, for now thou fleest for fear before thou feelest harm (ll. 2247-2272). such cowardice of that knight did i never hear. i never flinched nor fled when thou didst aim at me in king arthur's house. my head flew to my feet and yet i never fled, wherefore i deserve to be called the better man." quoth gawayne, "i shunted once, but will do so no more, though my head fall on the stones. but hasten and bring me to the point; deal me my destiny, and do it out of hand, for i shall stand thee a stroke and start no more until thine axe has hit me—have here my troth." "have at thee, then," said the other, and heaves the axe aloft, and looks as savagely as if he were mad. he aims at the other mightily, but withholds his hand ere it might hurt. gawayne readily abides the blow without flinching with any member, and stood still as a stone or a tree fixed in rocky ground with a hundred roots. then merrily the other did speak, "since now thou hast thy heart whole it behoves me to strike, so take care of thy neck." gawayne answers with great wroth, "thrash on, thou fierce man, thou threatenest too long; i believe thy own heart fails thee." "forsooth," quoth the other, "since thou speakest so boldly, i will no longer delay" (ll. 2273-2304). then, contracting "both lips and brow," he made ready to strike, and let fall his axe on the bare neck of sir gawayne. "though he hammered" fiercely, he only "severed the hide," causing the blood to flow. when gawayne saw his blood on the snow, he quickly seized his helmet and placed it on his head. then he drew out his bright sword, and thus angrily spoke: "cease, man, of thy blow, bid me no more. i have received a stroke in this place without opposition, but if thou givest me any more readily shall i requite thee, of that be thou sure. our covenant stipulates one stroke, and therefore now cease." the green knight, resting on his axe, looks on sir gawayne, as bold and fearless he there stood, and then with a loud voice thus addresses the knight: "bold knight, be not so wroth, no man here has wronged thee (ll. 2305-2339); i promised thee a stroke, and thou hast it, so hold thee well pleased. i could have dealt much worse with thee, and caused thee much sorrow. two blows i aimed at thee, for twice thou kissedst my fair wife; but i struck thee not, because thou restoredst them to me according to agreement. at the third time thou failedst, and therefore i have given thee that tap. that woven girdle, given thee by my own wife, belongs to me. i know well thy kisses, thy conduct also, and the wooing of my wife, for i wrought it myself. i sent her to try thee, and truly methinks thou art the most faultless man that ever on foot went. still, sir, thou wert wanting in good faith; but as it proceeded from no immorality, thou being only desirous of saving thy life, the less i blame thee." gawayne stood confounded, the blood rushed into his face, and he shrank within himself for very shame. "cursed," he cried, "be cowardice and covetousness both; in you are villany and vice, that virtue destroy." then he takes off the girdle and throws it to the knight in green, cursing his cowardice and covetousness. the green knight, laughing, thus spoke: "thou hast confessed so clean, and acknowledged thy faults, that i hold thee as pure as thou hadst never forfeited since thou wast first born. i give thee, sir, the gold-hemmed girdle as a token of thy adventure at the green chapel. come now to my castle, and we shall enjoy together the festivities of the new year" (ll. 2340-2406). "nay, forsooth," quoth the knight, "but for your kindness may god requite you. commend me to that courteous one your comely wife, who with her crafts has beguiled me. but it is no uncommon thing for a man to come to sorrow through women's wiles; for so was adam beguiled with one, and solomon with many. samson was destroyed by delilah, and david suffered much through bathsheba. 'it were indeed great bliss for a man to love them well and believe them not.' since the greatest upon earth were so beguiled, methinks i should be excused. but god reward you for your girdle, which i will ever wear in remembrance of my fault, and when pride shall exalt me, a look to this love-lace shall lessen it (ll. 2407-2438). but since ye are the lord of yonder land, from whom i have received so much honour, tell me truly your right name, and i shall ask no more questions." quoth the other, "i am called bernlak de hautdesert, through might of morgain la fay, who dwells in my house. much has she learnt of merlin, who knows all your knights at home. she brought me to your hall for to essay the prowess of the round table. she wrought this wonder to bereave you of your wits, hoping to have grieved guenever and affrighted her to death by means of the man that spoke with his head in his hand before the high table. she is even thine aunt, arthur's half sister; wherefore come to thine aunt, for all my household love thee." gawayne refuses to accompany the green knight, and so, with many embraces and kind wishes, they separate—the one to his castle, the other to arthur's court. after passing through many wild ways, our knight recovers from the wound in his neck, and at last comes safe and sound to the court of king arthur. great then was the joy of all; the king and queen kiss their brave knight, and make many enquiries about his journey. he tells them of his adventures, hiding nothing—"the chance of the chapel, the cheer of the knight, the love of the lady, and lastly of the lace." groaning for grief and shame he shows them the cut in his neck, which he had received for his unfaithfulness (ll. 2439-2504). the king and his courtiers comfort the knight—they laugh loudly at his adventures, and unanimously agree that those lords and ladies that belonged to the round table, and each knight of the brotherhood should ever after wear a bright green belt for gawayne's sake. and he upon whom it was conferred honoured it evermore after. thus in arthur's time this adventure befell, whereof the "brutus books" bear witness (ll. 2505-2530). i need not say that the brutus books we possess do not contain the legend here set forth, though it is not much more improbable than some of the statements contained in them. if the reader desires to know the relation in which this and the like stories stand to the original arthur legends, he will find it discussed in sir f. madden's preface to his edition of "syr gawayne," which also contains a sketch of the very different views taken of sir gawayne by the different romance writers. into this and other literary questions i do not enter here, as i have nothing to add to sir f. madden's statements; but in the text of the poem i have differed from him in some few readings, which will be found noticed in the notes and glossary. as the manuscript is fast fading, i am glad that the existence of the early english text society has enabled us to secure a wider diffusion of its contents before the original shall be no longer legible. we want nothing but an increased supply of members to enable us to give to a large circle of readers many an equally interesting record of early english minds. syr gawayn and the grene kny3t. [fytte the first.] i. [fol. 91 a .] after the siege of troy siþen þe sege & þe assaut wat3 sesed at troye, þe bor3 brittened & brent to bronde3 & aske3, þe tulk þat þe tra m mes of tresou n þ er wro3t, 4 wat3 tried for his tricherie, þe trewest on erthe; hit wat3 ennias þe athel, & his high e kynde, þat siþen depreced p ro uinces, & patrou n es bicome welne3e of al þe wele i n þe west iles, romulus built rome, 8 fro riche romulus to rome ricchis hy m swyþe, w i t h gret bobbau n ce þat bur3e he biges vpon fyrst, & neuenes hit his aune nome, as hit now hat; ticius to tuskan [turnes,] & teldes bigy n nes; 12 langaberde i n lu m bardie lyftes vp homes; and felix brutus founded britain, & fer ou er þe french flod felix brut us on mony bonkkes ful brode bretayn he sette3, wyth wy n ne; a land of war and wonder, 16 where werre, & wrake, & wonder, bi syþe3 hat3 wont þ er -i n ne, and oft of bliss and blunder. & oft boþe blysse & blu n der ful skete hat3 skyfted sy n ne. ii. 20 ande quen þis bretayn wat3 bigged bi þis burn rych, bold men increased in the land, bolde bredden þer-i n ne, baret þat lofden, in mony turned tyme tene þat wro3ten; mo ferlyes on þis folde han fallen here oft and many marvels happened. 24 þen in any oþ er þat i wot, syn þat ilk tyme. of all britain's kings arthur was the noblest. bot of alle þat here bult of bretaygne ky n ges ay wat3 arthur þe hendest; as i haf herde telle; [fol. 91 b .] for-þi an au n t er in erde i attle to schawe, 28 þat a selly in si3t su m me men hit holden, & an outtrage awenture of arthure3 wond er e3; listen a while and ye shall hear the story of an "outrageous adventure." if 3e wyl lysten þis laye bot on littel quile, i schal telle hit, as-tit, as i i n tou n herde, 32 w i t h tonge; as hit is stad & stoken, in stori stif & stronge, w i t h lel lett er es loken, 36 i n londe so hat3 ben longe. iii. arthur held at camelot his christmas feast, þis ky n g lay at camylot vpon kryst-masse, w i t h mony luflych lorde, lede3 of þe best, with all the knights of the round table, rekenly of þe rou n de table alle þo rich breþ er , 40 w i t h rych reuel ory3t, & rechles m er þes; þ er to ur nayed tulkes bi-tyme3 ful mony, iusted ful iolilé þise gentyle kni3tes, syþen kayred to þe court, caroles to make. full fifteen days. 44 for þer þe fest wat3 ilyche ful fiften dayes, with alle þe mete & þe mirþe þat me n couþe a-vyse; such glaumande gle glorio us to here, dere dyn vp-on day, dau n sy n g on ny3tes, all was joy in hall and chamber, 48 al wat3 hap vpon he3e i n halle3 & chambre3, with lorde3 & ladies, as leuest hi m þo3t; with all þe wele of þe worlde þay woned þ er samen, among brave knights and lovely ladies, þe most kyd kny3te3 vnder kryst e seluen, 52 & þe louelokkest ladies þat eu er lif haden, & he þe comlokest ky n g þat þe court haldes; for al wat3 þis fayre folk i n her first age, on sille; the happiest under heaven. 56 þe hapnest vnder heuen, ky n g hy3est mo n of wylle, hit were 1 now gret nye to neue n so hardy a here o n hille. 1 ms. werere. iv. they celebrate the new year with great joy. 60 wyle nw 3er wat3 so 3ep þat h i t wat3 nwe cu m men, þat day doubble on þe dece wat3 þe douth serued, fro þe ky n g wat3 cu m men w i t h kny3t es i n to þe halle, þe chau n tre of þe chapel cheued to an ende; 64 loude crye wat3 þer kest of clerke3 & oþer, [fol. 92] nowel nayted o-newe, neuened ful ofte; & syþen riche forth ru n nen to reche honde-selle, gifts are demanded and bestowed. 3e3ed 3eres 3iftes on hi3, 3elde hem bi hond, 68 debated busyly aboute þo giftes; ladies la3ed ful loude, þo3 þay lost haden, & he þat wan wat3 not wrothe, þ a t may 3e wel trawe. lords and ladies take their seats at the table. alle þis mirþe þay maden to þe mete tyme; 72 when þay had waschen, worþyly þay wenten to sete, þe best burne ay abof, as hit best semed; queen guenever appears gaily dressed. whene guenore ful gay, grayþed i n þe myddes. dressed on þe dere des, dubbed al aboute, 76 smal sendal bisides, a selure hir ou er of tryed tolouse, of tars tapites i n -nogh e , þat were enbrawded & beten wyth þe best ge m mes, þat my3t be preued of prys wyth penyes to bye, 80 in daye; a lady fairer of form might no one say he had ever before seen. þe comlokest to discrye, þer glent w i t h y3en gray, a semloker þat eu er he sy3e, 84 soth mo3t no mon say. v. arthur would not eat, bot arthure wolde not ete til al were serued, he wat3 so ioly of his ioyfnes, & su m -quat child gered, his lif liked hy m ly3t, he louied þe lasse nor would he long sit 88 auþ er to lenge lye, or to longe sitte, so bi-sied him his 3onge blod & his brayn wylde; & also anoþ er maner meued hi m eke, þat he þur3 nobelay had nomen, ho wolde neu er ete 92 vpon such a dere day, er hy m deuised were until he had witnessed a "wondrous adventure" of some kind. of su m auentur us þy n g an vncouþe tale, of su m mayn m er uayle, þat he my3t trawe, of 1 alderes, of armes, of oþ er auentur us , 96 oþ er sum segg hy m bi-so3t of su m siker kny3t, to ioyne wyth hy m i n iusty n g in iopardé to lay, lede lif for lyf, leue vchon oþ er , as fortune wolde fulsu n ho m þe fayrer to haue. 100 þis wat3 [þe] ky n ges cou n tenau n ce where he i n co ur t were, at vch farand fest amo n g his fre meny, [fol. 92 b .] in halle; he of face so bold makes much mirth with all. þer-fore of face so fere. 104 he sti3tle3 stif in stalle, ful 3ep i n þat nw 3ere, much mirthe he mas w i t h alle. 1 of of, in ms. vi. the king talks with his knights. thus þ er stondes i n stale þe stif ky n g his-seluen, 108 talkkande bifore þe hy3e table of trifles ful hende gawayne, there gode gawan wat3 g ra yþed, gwenore bisyde agravayn, & ag ra uayn a la dure mayn on þat oþ er syde sittes boþe þe ky n ges sist er su n es, & ful siker kni3tes; bishop bawdewyn, 112 bischop bawdewyn abof bi-gine3 þe table, and ywain sit on the dais. & ywan, vryn son, ette wit hy m -seluen; þise were di3t on þe des, & derworþly serued, & siþen mony siker segge at þe sidborde3. the first course is served with cracking of trumpets. 116 þe n þe first cors come with crakky n g of tru m pes, wyth mony baner ful bry3t, þat þer-bi henged, nwe nakryn noyse w i t h þe noble pipes, wylde werbles & wy3t wakned lote, 120 þat mony hert ful hi3e hef at her towches; it consisted of all dainties in season. dayntes dryuen þer-wyth of ful dere metes, foysou n of þe fresche, & on so fele disches, þat pine to fynde þe place þe peple bi-forne 124 for to sette þe syluen er , 1 þat sere sewes halden, on clothe; iche lede as he loued hy m -selue þer laght w i t h -outen loþe, each two had dishes twelve, 128 ay two had disches twelue, good beer and bright wine both. good ber, & bry3t wyn boþe. 1 svlu er en (?) (dishes). vii. there was no want of anything. now wyl i of hor seruise say yow no more, for veh wy3e may wel wit no wont þat þ er were; scarcely had the first course commenced, 132 an oþ er noyse ful newe ne3ed biliue, þat þe lude my3t haf leue lif-lode to cach. for vneþe wat3 þe noyce not a whyle sesed, & þe fyrst co ur ce i n þe co ur t kyndely serued, when there rushes in at the hall-door a knight; 136 þer hales i n at þe halle dor an aghlich mayst er , on þe most on þe molde on mesure hygh e ; fro þe swyre to þe swange so sware & so þik, the tallest on earth & his lyndes & his lymes so longe & so grete, [fol. 93.] 140 half etayn i n erde i hope þat he were. he must have been. bot mon most i algate my n n hy m to bene, & þat þe myriest i n his muckel þat my3t ride; his back and breast were great, for of bak & of brest al were his bodi sturne, but his belly and waist were small. 144 bot his wombe & his wast were worthily smale, & alle his fetures fol3ande, i n forme þat he hade, ful clene; for wonder of his hwe me n hade, 148 set i n his semblau n t sene; he ferde as freke were fade, & ou er -al enker grene. viii. he was clothed entirely in green. ande al grayþed i n grene þis gome & his wedes, 152 a strayt cote ful stre3t, þat stek on his sides, a mere mantile abof, mensked w i t h -i n ne, w i t h pelure pured apert þe pane ful clene, w i t h blyþe blau n n er ful bry3t, & his hod boþe, 156 þat wat3 la3t fro his lokke3, & layde on his schulderes heme wel haled, hose of þat same grene, his spurs were of bright gold. þat spenet on his sparlyr, & clene spures vnder, of bry3t golde, vpon silk bordes, barred ful ryche 160 & scholes vnder schankes, þere þe schalk rides; & alle his vesture uerayly wat3 clene v er dure, boþe þe barres of his belt & oþ er blyþe stones, þ a t were richely rayled i n his aray clene, his saddle was embroidered with birds and flies. 164 aboutte hy m -self & his sadel, vpon silk werke3, þat were to tor for to telle of tryfles þe halue, þat were enbrauded abof, wyth bryddes & fly3es, with gay gaudi of grene, þe golde ay i n myddes; 168 þe pendau n tes of his payttrure, þe proude cropure his molaynes, & alle þe metail anamayld was þe n ne þe steropes þat he stod on, stayned of þe same, & his arsou n 3 al after, & his aþel sturtes, 172 þat euer glem er ed 1 & glent al of grene stones. the foal that he rode upon was green; þe fole þat he ferkkes on, fyn of þat ilke, sertayn; a grene hors gret & þikke, it was a steed full stiff to guide. 176 a stede ful stif to strayne, i n brawden brydel quik, [fol. 93 b .] to þe gome he wat3 ful gayn. 1 glemed (?). ix. gaily was the knight attired. wel gay wat3 þis gome gered i n grene, 180 & þe here of his hed of his hors swete; fayre fannand fax vmbe-foldes his schulderes; his great beard, like a bush, hung on his breast. a much berd as 1 a busk ou er his brest henges, þat wyth his hi3lich here, þat of his hed reches, 184 wat3 euesed al vmbe-torne, a-bof his elbowes, þat half his armes þer vnder were halched i n þe wyse of a ky n ge3 capados, þat closes his swyre. the horse's mane was decked with golden threads. þe mane of þat mayn hors much to hit lyke, 188 wel cresped & ce m med wyth knottes ful mony, folden i n wyth fildore aboute þe fayre grene, ay a herle of þe here, an oþ er of golde; its tail was bound with a green band. þe tayl & his toppy n g twy n nen of a sute, 192 & bou n den boþe wyth a bande of a bry3t grene, dubbed wyth ful dere stone3, as þe dok lasted, syþen þrawen wyth a þwong a þwarle knot alofte, þer mony belle3 ful bry3t of brende golde rungen. such a foal nor a knight were never before seen. 196 such a fole vpon folde, ne freke þat hy m rydes, wat3 neu er sene i n þat sale wyth sy3t er þat tyme, w i t h y3e; he loked as layt so ly3t, 200 so sayd al þat hy m sy3e, it seemed that no man might endure his dints. hit semed as no mon my3t, vnd er his dyntte3 dry3e. 1 as as, in ms. x. the knight carried neither spear nor shield, wheþ er hade he no helme ne hawb[e]rgh nauþ er , 204 ne no pysan, ne no plate þat pented to armes, ne no schafte, ne no schelde, to schwne ne to smyte, in one hand was a holly bough, bot i n his on honde he hade a holyn bobbe, þat is grattest i n grene, when greue3 ar bare, in the other an axe, 208 & an ax i n his oþ er , a hoge & vn-mete, a spetos sparþe to expou n i n spelle quo-so my3t; þe hede of an eln3erde þe large lenkþe hade, þe grayn al of grene stele & of golde hewen, the edge of which was as keen as a sharp razor, 212 þe bit burnyst bry3t, w i t h a brod egge, as wel schapen to schere as scharp rasores; þe stele of a stif staf þe sturne hit bi-grypte, [fol. 94.] þat wat3 wou n den wyth yrn to þe wande3 ende, and the handle was encased in iron, curiously "graven with green, in gracious works." 216 & al bigrauen w i t h grene, i n g ra cios 1 werkes; a lace lapped aboute, þat louked at þe hede, & so aft er þe halme halched ful ofte, wyth tryed tassele3 þerto tacched i n -noghe, thus arrayed the green knight enters the hall, 220 on botou n 3 of þe bry3t grene brayden ful ryche. þis haþel helde3 hy m i n , & þe halle entres, driuande to þe he3e dece, dut he no woþe, without saluting any one. haylsed he neu er one, bot he3e he ou er loked. 224 þe fyrst word þat he warp, "wher is," he sayd, he asks for the "governor" of the company, "þe gou er no ur of þis gy n g? gladly i wolde se þat segg i n sy3t, & w i t h hy m self speke raysou n ." 228 to kny3te3 he kest his y3e, & reled hy m vp & dou n , and looks for the most renowned. he stemmed & con studie, quo walt þer most renou n . 1 looks like graco n s in ms . xi. much they marvel to see a man and a horse 232 ther wat3 loky n g on lenþe, þe lude to be-holde, for vch mo n had meruayle quat hit mene my3t, þat a haþel & a horse my3t such a hwe lach, as green as grass. as growe grene as þe gres & grener hit semed, 236 þen grene aumayl on golde lowande bry3te r ; al studied þat þ er stod, & stalked hy m nerre, never before had they seen such a sight as this. wyth al þe wonder of þe worlde, what he worch schulde. for fele sellye3 had þay sen, bot such neu er are, 240 for-þi for fantou m & fayry3e þe folk þere hit demed; they were afraid to answer, þer-fore to answare wat3 ar3e mony aþel freke, & al stouned at his steuen, & stonstil seten, and were as silent as if sleep had taken possession of them; in a swogh e sylence þur3 þe sale riche 244 as al were slypped vpon slepe so slaked hor lote3 i n hy3e; i deme hit not al for doute, some from fear and others from courtesy. bot su m for cortaysye, 248 bot let hy m þat al schulde loute, cast vnto þat wy3e. xii. arthur salutes the green knight. þe n n arþo ur bifore þe hi3 dece þat auenture byholde3, & rekenly hy m reu er enced, for rad was he neu er , 252 & sayde, "wy3e, welcu m iwys to þis place, [fol. 94 b .] bids him welcome, and invites him to stay awhile. þe hede of þis ostel artho ur i hat, li3t luflych adou n , & lenge, i þe praye, & quat so þy wylle is, we schal wyt aft er ." the knight says that he will not tarry. 256 "nay, as help me," q uod þe haþel, "he þat on hy3e syttes, to wone any quyle i n þis won, hit wat3 not my n ernde; bot for þe los of þe lede is lyft vp so hy3e, & þy bur3 & þy burnes best ar holden, 260 stifest vnder stel-gere on stedes to ryde, he seeks the most valiant that he may prove him. þe wy3test & þe worþyest of þe worldes kynde, preue for to play wyth in oþ er pure layke3; & here is kydde cortaysye, as i haf herd carp, 264 & þat hat3 wayned me hider, i-wyis, at þis tyme. 3e may be seker bi þis brau n ch þat i bere here, he comes in peace. þat i passe as i n pes, & no ply3t seche; for had i fou n ded i n fere, i n fe3ty n g wyse, at home, however, he has both shield and spear. 268 i haue a haubergh e at home & a helme boþe, a schelde, & a scharp spere, schinande bry3t, ande oþ er weppenes to welde, i wene wel als, bot for i wolde no were, my wede3 ar soft er . 272 bot if þ o u be so bold as alle burne3 tellen, þ o u wyl g ra nt me godly þe gomen þat i ask, bi ry3t." arthur assures him that he shall not fail to find an opponent worthy of him. artho ur con onsware, 276 & sayd, "s ir cortays kny3t, if þ o u craue batayl bare, here fayle3 þ o u not to fy3t." xiii. "i seek no fight," says the knight. "nay, frayst i no fy3t, i n fayth i þe telle, "'here are only beardless children.' 280 hit arn aboute on þis bench bot berdle3 chylder; if i were hasped i n armes on a he3e stede, here is no man to match me. here is no mon me to mach, for my3te3 so 1 wayke. for-þy i craue i n þis co ur t a crystmas gome n , here are brave ones many, 284 for hit is 3ol & nwe 3er, & here ar 3ep mony; if any so hardy i n þis ho us holde3 hy m -seluen, if any be bold enough to 'strike a stroke for another,' be so bolde i n his blod, brayn i n hys hede, þat dar stifly strike a strok for an oþ er , 288 i schal gif hy m of my gyft þys giserne ryche, this axe shall be his; þis ax, þat is heué i n -nogh, to hondel e as hy m lykes, [fol. 95.] & i schal bide þe fyrst bur, as bare as i sitte. if any freke be so felle to fonde þat i telle, 292 lepe ly3tly me to, & lach þis weppen, i quit clayme hit for eu er , kepe hit as his auen, but i shall give him a 'stroke' in return & i schal stonde hy m a strok, stif on þis flet, elle3 þ o u wyl di3t me þe dom to dele hy m an oþ er , 296 barlay; & 3et gif hy m respite, within a twelvemonth and a day." a twelmonyth & a day;— now hy3e, & let se tite 300 dar any her-i n ne o3t say." 1 ms. fo. xiv. fear kept all silent. if he hem stowned vpon fyrst, stiller were þa n ne alle þe hered-men i n halle, þe hy3 & þe lo3e; the knight rolled his red eyes about, þe renk on his rou n ce hy m ruched i n his sadel, 304 & runisch-ly his rede y3en he reled aboute, and bent his bristly green brows. bende his bresed bro3e3, bly-cande grene, waving his beard awhile, he exclaimed: wayued his berde for to wayte quo-so wolde ryse. when non wolde kepe hy m w i t h carp he co3ed ful hy3e, 308 ande rimed hy m ful richl e y, & ry3t hy m to speke: "what! is this arthur's court? "what, is þis arþures ho us ," q uod þe haþel þe n ne, "þat al þe ro us re n nes of, þur3 ryalmes so mony? where is now yo ur so ur quydrye & yo ur co n questes, 312 yo ur gry[n]del-layk, & yo ur greme, & yo ur grete wordes? forsooth the renown of the round table is overturned 'with a word of one man's speech.'" now is þe reuel & þe renou n of þe rou n de table ou er -walt wyth a worde of on wy3es speche; for al dares for drede, w i t h -oute dynt schewed!" 316 wyth þis he la3es so loude, þat þe lorde greued; arthur blushes for shame. þe blod schot for scham i n -to his schyre face & lere; he waxes as wroth as the wind. he wex as wroth as wynde, 320 so did alle þat þer were þe ky n g as kene bi kynde, þe n stod þat stif mon nere. xv. he assures the knight that no one is afraid of his great words. ande sayde, "haþel, by heuen þy n asky n g is nys, 324 & as þ o u foly hat3 frayst, fynde þe be-houes; i know no gome þat is gast of þy grete wordes. gif me now þy geserne, vpon gode3 halue, & i schal bayþen þy bone, þat þ o u boden habbes." [fol. 95 b .] 328 ly3tly lepe3 he hy m to, & la3t at his honde; þen feersly þat oþ er freke vpon fote ly3tis. arthur seizes his axe. now hat3 arthure his axe, & þe halme grype3, & sturnely sture3 hit aboute, þat stryke wyth hit þo3t. 332 þe stif mon hy m bifore stod vpon hy3t, herre þen ani in þe ho us by þe hede & more; the knight, stroking his beard, awaits the blow, and with a "dry countenance" draws down his coat. wyth sturne schere 1 þer he stod, he stroked his berde, & wyth a cou n tenau n ce dry3e he dro3 dou n his cote, 336 no more mate ne dismayd for hys may n dinte3, þen any burne vpon bench hade bro3t hy m to drynk of wyne, sir gawayne beseeches the king to let him undertake the blow. gawan, þat sate bi þe quene, 340 to þe ky n g he can enclyne, "i be-seche now w i t h sa3e3 sene, þis melly mot be myne." 1 chere (?). xvi. "wolde 3e, worþilych lorde," q uod gawan to þe ky n g, he asks permission to leave the table; he says, 344 "bid me bo3e fro þis benche, & stonde by yow þere, þat i wyth-oute vylanye my3t voyde þis table, & þat my legge lady lyked not ille, i wolde com to yo ur cou n seyl, bifore yo ur cort ryche. it is not meet that arthur should be active in the matter, 348 for me þink hit not semly, as hit is soþ knawen, þer such an asky n g is heuened so hy3e i n yo ur sale, þa33e 3o ur -self be talenttyf to take hit to yo ur -seluen, while so many bold ones sit upon bench. whil mony so bolde yow aboute vpon bench sytten, 352 þat vnder heuen, i hope, non ha3er er of wylle, ne bett er bodyes on bent, þer baret is rered; although the weakest, he is quite ready to meet the green knight. i am þe wakkest, i wot, and of wyt feblest, & lest lur of my lyf, quo laytes þe soþe, 356 bot for as much as 3e ar myn em, i am only to prayse, no bou n té bot yo ur blod i in my bodé knowe; & syþen þis note is so nys, þ a t no3t hit yow falles, & i haue frayned hit at yow fyrst, folde3 hit to me, 360 & if i carp not comlyly, let alle þis cort rych, bout blame." the nobles entreat arthur to "give gawayne the game." ryche to-geder con rou n , & syþen þay redden alle same, 364 to ryd þe ky n g wyth crou n , & gif gawan þe game. xvii. [fol. 96.] þen comau n ded þe ky n g þe kny3t for to ryse; & he ful radly vp ros, & ruchched hy m fayre, the king gives his nephew his weapon, 368 kneled dou n bifore þe ky n g, & cache3 þat weppen; & he luflyly hit hy m laft, & lyfte vp his honde, & gef hy m godde3 blessy n g, & gladly hy m biddes and tells him to keep heart and hand steady. þat his hert & his honde schulde hardi be boþe. 372 "kepe þe cosyn," q uod þe ky n g, "þat þ o u on kyrf sette, & if þou rede3 hy m ry3t, redly i trowe, þat þou schal byden þe bur þat he schal bede aft er . gawan got3 to þe gome, w i t h giserne i n honde, 376 & he baldly hy m byde3, he bayst neu er þe helder the green knight enquires the name of his opponent. þen carppe3 to s ir gawan þe kny3t i n þe grene, "refourme we oure for-wardes, er we fyrre passe. fyrst i eþe þe, haþel, how þat þou hattes, 380 þat þ o u me telle truly, as i tryst may?" sir gawayne tells him his name, and declares that he is willing to give and receive a blow. "in god fayth," q uod þe goode kny3t, "gawan i hatte, þat bede þe þis buffet, quat-so bi-falle3 aft er , & at þis tyme twelmonyth take at þe anoþ er , 384 wyth what weppen so 1 þ o u wylt, & wyth no wy3 elle3, on lyue." þat oþ er on-sware3 agayn, "sir gawan, so mot i þryue, the other thereof is glad. 388 as i am ferly fayn. þis dint þat þ o u schal dryue." 1 ms. fo. xviii. "it pleases me well, sir gawayne," says the green knight, "that i shall receive a blow from thy fist; but thou must swear that thou wilt seek me, "bigog," q uod þe grene kny3t, "s ir gawan, melykes, þat i schal fange at þy fust þat i haf frayst here; 392 & þ o u hat3 redily rehersed, bi resou n ful trwe, clanly al þe couenau n t þat i þe ky n ge asked, saf þat þ o u schal siker me, segge, bi þi trawþe, þat þ o u schal seche me þi-self, where-so þ o u hopes 396 i may be funde vpon folde, & foch þe such wages to receive the blow in return." as þ o u deles me to day, bifore þis douþe ryche." "where shall i seek thee?" says sir gawayne; "where schulde i wale þe," q uod gauan, "where is þy place? i wot neu er where þ o u wonyes, bi hy m þat me wro3t, 400 ne i know not þe, kny3t, þy cort, ne þi name. "tell me thy name and abode and i will find thee." bot teche me truly þer-to, & telle me howe þ o u hattes, & i schal ware alle my wyt to wy n ne me þeder, [fol. 96 b .] & þat i swere þe for soþe, & by my seker traweþ." 404 "þat is in-nogh in nwe 3er, hit nedes no more," q uod þe gome i n þe grene to gawan þe hende, "when thou hast smitten me," says the knight, "then tell i thee of my home and name; "3if i þe telle trwly, quen i þe tape haue, & þ o u me smoþely hat3 smyten, smartly i þe teche 408 of my ho us , & my home, & myn owen nome, þen may þ o u frayst my fare, & forwarde3 holde, if i speak not at all, so much the better for thee. & if i spende no speche, þe n ne spede3 þ o u þe bett er , for þ o u may leng i n þy londe, & layt no fyrre, 412 bot slokes; take now thy grim tool, and let us see how thou knockest." ta now þy gry m me tole to þe, & let se how þ o u cnoke3." "gladly s ir , for soþe," 416 q uod gawan; his ax he strokes. xix. the green knight the grene kny3t vpon grou n de grayþely hy m dresses, a littel lut w i t h þe hede, þe lere he discou er e3, puts his long lovely locks aside and lays bare his neck. his longe louelych lokke3 he layd ou er his crou n . 420 let þe naked nec to þe note schewe. gauan gripped to his ax, & gederes hit on hy3t, þe kay fot on þe folde he be-fore sette, sir gawayne lets fall his axe let hit dou n ly3tly ly3t on þe naked, 424 þat þe scharp of þe schalk schyndered þe bones, and severs the head from the body. & schra n k þur3 þe schyire grece, & scade hit i n twy n ne, þat þe bit of þe brou n stel bot on þe grou n de. the head falls to the earth. þe fayre hede fro þe halce hit [felle] to þe erþe, many kick it aside with their feet. 428 þat fele hit foyned wyth her fete, þere hit forth roled; þe blod brayd fro þe body, þ a t blykked on þe grene; the knight never falters; & nawþer falt er ed ne fel þe freke neu er þe helder, bot styþly he start forth vpon styf schonkes, he rushes forth, seizes his head, 432 & ru[n]yschly he ra3t out, þere as renkke3 stoden, la3t to his lufly hed, & lyft hit vp sone; & syþen bo3e3 to his blonk, þe brydel he cachche3, steps into the saddle, steppe3 i n to stel bawe & stryde3 alofte, holding the while the head in his hand by the hair, 436 & his hede by þe here i n his honde halde3; & as sadly þe segge hy m i n his sadel sette, as non vnhap had hy m ayled, þa3 hedle3 he 1 we[re], i n stedde; and turns his horse about. 440 he brayde his bluk 2 aboute, [fol. 97.] þat vgly bodi þat bledde, moni on of hy m had doute, bi þat his resou n 3 were redde. 1 ms. ho. 2 blunk (?). xx. 444 for þe hede in his honde he halde3 vp euen, the head lifts up its eyelids, to-ward þe derrest on þe dece he dresse3 þe face, & hit lyfte vp þe y3e-lydde3, & loked ful brode, and addresses sir gawayne; "look thou, be ready to go as thou hast promised, & meled þ us much w i t h his muthe, as 3e may now here. 448 "loke, gawan, þ o u be grayþe to go as þ o u hette3, & layte as lelly til þ o u me, lude, fynde, and seek till thou findest me. as þ o u hat3 hette i n þis halle, herande þise kny3tes; get thee to the green chapel, to þe grene chapel þ o u chose, i charge þe to fotte, 452 such a dunt as þ o u hat3 dalt disserued þ o u habbe3, there to receive a blow on new year's morn. to be 3ederly 3olden on nw 3eres morn; þe kny3t of þe grene chapel men knowen me mony; fail thou never; for-þi me forto fynde if þ o u frayste3, fayle3 þ o u neu er , come, or recreant be called." 456 þer-fore com, oþ er recreau n t be calde þe be-houe us ." with a runisch rout þe rayne3 he torne3, the green knight then rushes out of the hall, his head in his hand. halled out at þe hal-dor, his hed i n his hande, þat þe fyr of þe flynt fla3e fro fole houes. 460 to quat kyth he be-com, knwe non þere, neu er more þen þay wyste fram queþen he wat3 wo n nen; what þe n ne? þe ky n g & gawen þare, at that green one arthur and gawayne "laugh and grin." 464 at þat grene þay la3e & gre n ne, 3et breued wat3 hit ful bare, a m er uayl amo ng þo me n ne. xxi. arthur addresses the queen: þa3 arþ er þe hende ky n g at hert hade wonder, 468 he let no semblau n t be sene, bot sayde ful hy3e to þe comlych quene, wyth cortays speche, "dear dame, be not dismayed; such marvels well become the christmas festival; "dere dame, to day demay yow neu er ; wel by-co m mes such craft vpon c r istmasse, 472 layky n g of ent er lude3, to la3e & to syng. amo n g þise, kynde caroles of kny3te3 & ladye3; i may now go to meat. neu er -þe-lece to my mete i may me wel dres, for i haf sen a selly, i may not for-sake." 476 he glent vpon s ir gawen, & gaynly he sayde, sir gawayne, hang up thine axe. "now s ir , heng vp þyn ax, þat hat3 i n -nogh hewen." [fol. 97 b .] & hit wat3 don abof þe dece, on doser to henge, þer alle men for m er uayl my3t on hit loke, 480 & bi trwe tytel þ er -of to telle þe wonder. the king and his knights sit feasting at the board till day is ended. þe n ne þay bo3ed to a borde þise burnes to-geder, þe ky n g & þe gode kny3t, & kene me n he m serued of alle dayntye3 double, as derrest my3t falle, 484 wyth alle maner of mete & mynstralcie boþe; wyth wele walt þay þat day, til worþed an ende, in londe. now beware, sir gawayne, lest thou fail to seek the adventure that thou hast taken in hand. now þenk wel, s ir gawan, 488 for woþe þat þ o u ne wonde, þis auenture forto frayn, þat þ o u hat3 tan on honde. [fytte the second.] i. this marvel serves to keep up a brisk conversation in court. this hansell e hat3 arthur of auenturus on fyrst, 492 in 3onge 3er, for he 3erned 3elpy n g to here, tha3 hym worde3 were wane, when þay to sete wenten; now ar þay stoken of sturne werk staf-ful her hond. gawan wat3 glad to be-gy n ne þose gomne3 i n halle, 496 bot þa3 þe ende be heuy, haf 3e no wonder; for þa3 men be n mery in my n de, quen þay han mayn drynk, the year passes full quickly and never returns. a 3ere 3ernes ful 3erne, & 3elde3 neu er lyke, þe forme to þe fynisment folde3 ful selden. 500 for-þi þis 3ol ou er -3ede, & þe 3ere aft er , & vche sesou n serlepes sued after oþ er ; after christmas comes the "crabbed lenten." after crysten-masse com þe crabbed lentou n , þat frayste3 flesch wyth þe fysche & fode more symple 504 bot þe n ne þe weder of þe worlde wyth wynter hit þrepe3, spring sets in and warm showers descend; colde clenge3 adou n , cloude3 vp-lyften, schyre schede3 þe rayn i n schowre3 ful warme, falle3 vpon fayre flat, flowre3 þere schewen, the groves become green, 508 boþe grou n de3 & þe greue3 grene ar her wede3, birds build and sing, brydde3 busken to bylde, & bremlych sy n gen, for joy of the summer that follows; for solace of þe softe som er þat sues þer aft er , bi bonk; blossoms begin to bloom, 512 & blossu m e3 bolne to blowe, bi rawe3 rych & ronk, and noble notes are heard in the woods þe n note3 noble i n -no3e, [fol. 98] ar herde in wod so wlonk. ii. then the soft winds of summer, 516 after þe sesou n of som er wyth þe soft wynde3, quen 3efer us syfle3 hy m -self on sede3 & erbe3, beautiful are the flowers wet with dew-drops. wela-wy n ne is þe wort þat woxes þer-oute. when þe donkande dewe drope3 of þe leue3, 520 to bide a blysful blusch of þe bry3t su n ne. but harvest approaches soon, bot þe n hy3es heruest, & hardenes hy m sone. warne3 hy m for þe wynter to wax ful rype; and drives the dust about. he dryues wyth dro3t þe dust for to ryse. 524 fro þe face of þe folde to fly3e ful hy3e; wroþe wynde of þe welkyn wrastele3 w i t h þe su n ne, the leaves drop off the trees, þe leue3 lancen fro þe lynde, & ly3ten on þe grou n de, the grass becomes gray, and all ripens and rots. & al grayes þe gres, þat grene wat3 ere; 528 þe n ne al rype3 & rote3 þat ros vpon fyrst, & þ us 3irne3 þe 3ere i n 3isterdaye3 mony, winter winds round again, & wynter wynde3 a3ayn, as þe worlde aske3 no sage. 532 til me3el-mas mone, wat3 cu m en wyth wynter wage; and then sir gawayne thinks of his dread journey. þen þenkke3 gawan ful sone, of his anio us uyage. iii. on all-hallows day arthur makes a feast for his nephew's sake. 536 3et quyl al-hal-day w i t h arþ er he lenges, & he made a fare on þ a t fest, for þe freke3 sake, w i t h much reuel & ryche of þe rou n de table; kny3te3 ful cortays & comlych ladies, 540 al for luf of þat lede i n longy n ge þay were, bot neu er -þe-lece ne þe lat er þay neuened bot m er þe, mony ioyle3 for þat ientyle iape3 þer maden. after meat, sir gawayne thus speaks to his uncle: for aftter mete, w i t h mo ur ny n g he mele3 to his eme, 544 & speke3 of his passage, & pertly he sayde, "now, liege lord, i ask leave of you, "now, lege lorde of my lyf, leue i yow ask; 3e knowe þe cost of þis cace, kepe i no more to telle yow tene3 þer-of neu er bot t r ifel; for i am bound on the morn to seek the green knight." 548 bot i am bou n to þe bur barely to morne, to sech þe gome of þe grene, as god wyl me wysse." þe n ne þe best of þe bur3 bo3ed to-geder, aywan, & errik, & oþ er ful mony, [fol. 98 b .] 552 s ir doddinaual de sauage, þe duk of clarence, launcelot, & lyonel, & lucan þe gode, s ir boos, & sir byduer, big me n boþe, many nobles, the best of the court, counsel and comfort him. & mony oþ er menskful, w i t h mador de la port. 556 alle þis compayny of court com þe ky n g nerre, for to cou n seyl þe kny3t, with care at her hert; much sorrow prevails in the hall. þere wat3 much derue 1 doel driuen i n þe sale, þat so worthe as wawan schulde wende on þat ernde, 560 to dry3e a delful dynt, & dele no more wyth bronde. þe kny3t mad ay god chere, & sayde, "quat schuld i wonde, gawayne declares that he has nothing to fear. 564 of destines derf & dere, what may mon do bot fonde?" 1 derne (?). iv. on the morn he asks for his arms. he dowelle3 þer al þat day, and dresse3 on þe morn, aske3 erly hys arme3, & alle were þay bro3t a carpet is spread on the floor, 568 fyrst a tule tapit, ty3t ou er þe flet, & miche wat3 þe gyld gere þat glent þer alofte; and he steps thereon. þe stif mon steppe3 þeron, & þe stel hondole3, he is dubbed in a doublet of tarsic silk, and a well-made hood. dubbed i n a dublet of a dere tars, 572 & syþen a crafty capados, closed aloft, þat wyth a bry3t blau n ner was bou n den w i t h -i n ne; they set steel slices on his feet, and lap his legs in steel greaves. þe n ne set þay þe sabatou n 3 vpon þe segge fote3, his lege3 lapped i n stel w i t h luflych greue3, 576 w i t h polayne3 piched þer-to, policed ful clene, aboute his kne3 knaged wyth knote3 of golde; fair cuisses enclose his thighs, queme quyssewes þe n , þat coyntlych closed his thik þrawen þy3e3 w i t h þwonges to-tachched; and afterwards they put on the steel habergeon, 580 & syþen þe brawden bryne of bry3t stel ry n ge3, vmbe-weued þat wy3, vpon wlonk stuffe; well-burnished braces, elbow pieces, and gloves of plate. & wel bornyst brace vpon his boþe armes, w i t h gode cowters & gay, & gloue3 of plate, 584 & alle þe godlych gere þat hy m gayn schulde þat tyde; over all this is placed the coat armour. wyth ryche cote armure, his spurs are then fixed, his gold spore3 spend w i t h pryde, and his sword is attached to his side by a silken girdle. 588 gurde wyth a bront ful sure, w i t h silk sayn vmbe his syde. v. [fol. 99 a .] thus arrayed the knight hears mass, when he wat3 hasped i n armes, his harnays wat3 ryche, þe lest lachet ou[þ] er loupe lemed of golde; 592 so harnayst as he wat3 he herkne3 his masse, offred & hono ur ed at þe he3e auter; and afterwards takes leave of arthur and his court. syþen he come3 to þe ky n g & to his cort fere3, lache3 lufly his leue at lorde3 & ladye3; 596 & þay hy m kyst & conueyed, bikende hy m to kryst. by that time his horse gringolet was ready, bi þat wat3 gryngolet grayth, & gurde w i t h a sadel, þat glemed ful gayly w i t h mony golde frenges, ay quere naylet ful nwe for þat note ryched; 600 þe brydel barred aboute, w i t h bry3t golde bou n den; the harness of which glittered like the "gleam of the sun." þe apparayl of þe payttrure, & of þe proude skyrte3, þe cropore, & þe couertor, acorded wyth þe arsou n e3; & al wat3 rayled on red ryche golde nayle3, 604 þat al glytered & glent as glem of þe su n ne. then sir gawayne sets his helmet upon his head, þe n ne hentes he þe holme, & hastily hit kysses, þat wat3 stapled stifly, & stoffed wyth-i n ne: hit wat3 hy3e on his hede, hasped bihynde, fastened behind with a "urisoun," 608 wyth a ly3tli vrysou n ou er þe auentayle, richly embroidered with gems. enbrawden & bou n den wyth þe best ge m me3, on brode sylkyn borde, & brydde3 on seme3, as papiaye3 paynted perny n g bitwene, 612 tortors & trulofe3 entayled so þyk, as mony burde þer aboute had be n seue n wynt er i n tou n e; the circle around the helmet was decked with diamonds. þe cercle wat3 more o prys, 616 þat vmbe-clypped hys crou n , of diamau n te3 a deuys, þat boþe were bry3t & brou n . vi. then they show him his shield with the "pentangle" of pure gold. then þay schewed hy m þe schelde, þat was of schyr goule3, 620 wyth þe pentangel de-paynt of pure golde hwe3; he brayde3 hit by þe baude-ryk, aboute þe hals kest es , þat bisemed þe segge semlyly fayre. the "pentangle" was devised by solomon as a token of truth. & quy þe pentangel apende3 to þat prynce noble, 624 i am i n tent yow to telle, þof tary hyt me schulde; hit is a sy n gne þat salamon set su m -quyle, i n bytokny n g of trawþe, bi tytle þat hit habbe3, [fol. 99 b ] for hit is a figure þat halde3 fyue poynte3, 628 & vche lyne vmbe-lappe3 & louke3 i n oþer, it is called the endless knot & ay quere hit is endele3, 1 & englych hit callen ou er -al, as i here, þe endeles knot. for-þy hit acorde3 to þis kny3t, & to his cler arme3, 632 for ay faythful i n fyue & sere fyue syþe3, it well becomes the good sir gawayne, gawan wat3 for gode knawen, & as golde pured, voyded of vche vylany, wyth vertue3 2 e n no ur ned i n mote; 636 for-þy þe pen-tangel nwe he ber i n schelde & cote, a knight the truest of speech and the fairest of form. as tulk of tale most trwe, & gentylest kny3t of lote. 1 ms emdele3. 2 ms v er ertue3 vii. he was found faultless in his five wits. 640 fyrst he wat3 funden fautle3 i n his fyue wytte3, & efte fayled neu er þe freke i n his fyue fyngres, his trust was in the five wounds. & alle his afyau n ce vpon folde wat3 i n þe fyue wou n de3 þat cryst ka3t on þe croys, as þe crede telle3; 644 & quere-so-eu er þys mon i n melly wat3 stad, his þro þo3t wat3 i n þat, þur3 alle oþ er þy n ge3, þat alle his forsnes he fong at þe fyue ioye3, þat þe hende heuen quene had of hir chylde; 648 at þis cause þe kny3t comlyche hade the image of the virgin was depicted upon his shield. i n þe more half of his schelde hir ymage depaynted, þat quen he blusched þerto, his belde neu er payred. þe fyrst 1 fyue þat i finde þat þe frek vsed, 652 wat3 frau n chyse, & fela3schyp for-be 2 al þy n g; in cleanness and courtesy he was never found wanting, his clannes & his cortaysye croked were neu er , & pite, þat passe3 alle poynte3, þyse pure fyue were harder happed on þat haþel þe n on any oþ er . 656 now alle þese fyue syþe3, forsoþe, were fetled on þis kny3t, & vchone halched in oþ er , þat non ende hade, & fyched vpon fyue poynte3, þat fayld neu er , ne samned neu er i n no syde, ne sundred nouþ[er], 660 w i t h -outen ende at any noke [a]i quere fynde, where-eu er þe gomen bygan, or glod to an ende. therefore was the endless knot fastened on his shield. þer-fore on his schene schelde schapen wat3 þe knot, þus alle wyth red golde vpon rede gowle3, [fol. 100] 664 þat is þe pure pentaungel wyth þe peple called, w i t h lore. now grayþed is gawan gay, sir gawayne seizes his lance and bids all "good day." & la3t his lau n ce ry3t þore, 668 & gef hem alle goud day, he wende for eu er more. 1 ms fyft. 2 for-bi (?). viii. he spurs his horse and goes on his way. he sperred þe sted w i t h þe spure3, & sprong on his way, so stif þat þe ston fyr stroke out þer-aft er ; all that saw that seemly one mourned in their hearts. 672 al þat se3 þat semly syked i n hert, & sayde soþly al same segges til oþ er , carande for þat comly, "bi kryst, hit is scaþe, þat þ o u, leude, schal be lost, þat art of lyf noble! they declared that his equal was not to be found upon earth. 676 to fynde hys fere vpon folde, i n fayth is not eþe; warloker to haf wro3t had more wyt bene, & haf dy3t 3onder dere a duk to haue worþed; it would have been better for him to have been a leader of men, a lowande leder of lede3 i n londe hy m wel seme3, 680 & so had bett er haf ben þe n britned to no3t, than to die by the hands of "an elvish man." hadet wyth an aluisch mon, for angarde3 pryde. who knew eu er any ky n g such cou n sel to take, as kny3te3 i n cauelou n 3 on cryst-masse gomne3!" much was the warm water that poured from eyes that day. 684 wel much wat3 þe warme water þ a t walt er ed of y3en, when þat semly syre so3t fro þo wone3 þat 1 daye; he made non abode, 688 bot wy3tly went hys way, meanwhile many a weary way goes sir gawayne. mony wylsu m way he rode, þe bok as i herde say. 1 ms. þad. ix. now rides the knight through the realms of england. now ride3 þis renk þur3 þe ryalme of logres, 692 s ir gauan on gode3 halue, þa3 hy m no gomen þo3t; oft, leudle3 alone, he lenge3 on ny3te3, þer he fonde no3t hy m byfore þe fare þat he lyked; he has no companion but his horse. hade he no fere bot his fole, bi frythe3 & dou n e3, 696 ne no gome bot god, bi gate wyth to karp, no men does he see till he approaches north wales. til þat he ne3ed ful nogh e 1 i n to þe norþe wale3; alle þe iles of anglesay on lyft half he halde3, & fare3 ou er þe forde3 by þe for-londe3, from holyhead he passes into wirral. 700 ou er at þe holy-hede, til he hade eft bonk i n þe wyldrenesse of wyrale; wonde þer bot lyte [fol. 100 b ] there he finds but few that loved god or man. þat auþ er god oþ er gome wyth goud hert louied. & ay he frayned, as he ferde, at freke3 þat he met, he enquires after the green knight of the green chapel, 704 if þay hade herde any karp of a kny3t grene, i n any grou n de þer-aboute, of þe grene chapel; 2 & al nykked hy m wyth nay, þat neu er i n her lyue but can gain no tidings of him. þay se3e neu er no segge þat wat3 of suche hwe3 708 of grene. þe kny3t tok gates straunge, i n mony a bonk vnbene, his cheer oft changed before he found the chapel. his cher ful oft con chau n ge, 712 þat chapel er he my3t sene. 1 nygh e (?). 2 ms. clapel. x. many a cliff he climbed over; mony klyf he ou er -clambe i n contraye3 strau n ge, fer floten fro his frende3 fremedly he ryde3; many a ford and stream he crossed, and everywhere he found a foe. at vche warþe oþer wat er þer þe wy3e passed, 716 he fonde a foo hy m byfore, bot ferly hit were, & þat so foule & so felle, þat fe3t hy m by-hode; it were too tedious to tell the tenth part of his adventures so mony m er uayl hi mou n t þ er þe mon fynde3, hit were to tore for to telle of þe tenþe dole. with serpents, wolves, and wild men; 720 sumwhyle wyth worme3 he werre3, & w i t h wolues als, su m whyle wyth wodwos, þat woned i n þe knarre3, with bulls, bears, and boars. boþe wyth bulle3 & bere3, & bore3 oþ er -quyle, & etayne3, þat hy m a-nelede, of þe he3e felle; had he not been both brave and good, doubtless he had been dead. 724 nade he ben du3ty & dry3e, & dry3tyn had serued, douteles he hade ben ded, & dreped ful ofte. the sharp winter was far worse than any war that ever troubled him. for werre wrathed hy m not so much, þat wy n t er was wors, when þe colde cler wat er fro þe cloude3 schadden, 728 & fres er hit falle my3t to þe fale erþe; ner slayn wyth þe slete he sleped i n his yrnes, mo ny3te3 þe n i n -noghe i n naked rokke3, þ er as clat er ande fro þe crest þe colde borne re n ne3, 732 & henged he3e ou er his hede i n hard ÿsse-ikkles. thus in peril he travels till christmas-eve. þus i n peryl, & payne, & plytes ful harde, bi contray carye3 þis kny3t, tyl kryst-masse euen, al one; 736 þe kny3t wel þat tyde, to the virgin mary he prays to guide him to some abode. to mary made his mone. þat ho hy m red to ryde, [fol. 101.] & wysse hy m to su m wone. xi. on the morn sir gawayne finds himself in a deep forest, 740 bi a mou n te on þe morne meryly he rydes, into a forest ful dep, þat ferly wat3 wylde, hi3e hille3 on vche a halue, & holt wode3 vnder, where were old oaks many a hundred. of hore oke3 fill hoge a hundreth to-geder; 744 þe hasel & þe ha3-þorne were harled al samen, w i t h ro3e raged mosse rayled ay-where, many sad birds upon bare twigs piped piteously for the cold. with mony brydde3 vnblyþe vpon bare twyges, þat pitosly þer piped for pyne of þe colde. 748 þe gome vpon gryngolet glyde3 hem vnder, through many a mire he goes, that he may celebrate the birth of christ. þur3 mony misy & myre, mo n al hy m one, carande for his costes, lest he ne keu er schulde, to se þe seruy 1 of þat syre, þat on þat self ny3t 752 of a burde wat3 borne, oure baret to quelle; he beseeches the virgin mary to direct him to some lodging where he may hear mass. & þerfore syky n g he sayde, "i be-seche þe, lorde, & mary, þat is myldest moder so dere. of su m herber, þer he3ly i my3t here masse. 756 ande þy matyne3 to-morne, mekely i ask, & þer-to prestly i pray my pat er & aue, & crede." he rode i n his prayere, 760 & cryed for his mysdede, blessing himself, he says, "cross of christ, speed me!" he sayned hy m i n syþes sere, & sayde "cros kryst me spede!" 1 seruyce (?). xii. scarcely had he blessed himself thrice nade he sayned hy m -self, segge, bot þrye, 764 er he wat3 war i n þe wod of a won i n a mote. when he saw a dwelling in the wood, set on a hill, abof a lau n de, on a lawe, loken vnder bo3e3, of mony borelych bole, aboute bi þe diches; the comeliest castle that knight ever owned. a castel þe comlokest þat eu er kny3t a3te, 768 pyched on a prayere, a park al aboute, w i t h a pyked palays, pyned ful þik, þat vmbe-te3e mony tre mo þe n two myle. þat holde on þat on syde þe haþel auysed, it shone as the sun through the bright oaks. 772 as hit schemered & schon þur3 þe schyre oke3; þe n ne hat3 he hendly of his helme, & he3ly he þonke3 iesus & say[nt] gilyan, þat gentyle ar boþe, [fol. 101 b .] þat cortaysly hade hy m kydde, & his cry herkened. 776 "now bone hostel," coþe þe burne, "i be-seche yow 3ette!" þe n ne gedere3 he to gryngolet w i t h þe gilt hele3, sir gawayne goes to the chief gate, & he ful chau n cely hat3 chosen to þe chef gate, þat bro3t bremly þe burne to þe bryge ende, 780 i n haste; and finds the draw-bridge raised, and the gates shut fast. þe bryge wat3 breme vp-brayde, þe 3ate3 wer stoken faste, þe walle3 were wel arayed, 784 hit dut no wynde3 blaste. xiii. the knight abides on the bank, þe burne bode on bonk, þat on blonk houed, of þe depe double dich þat drof to þe place, þe walle wod i n þe wat er wonderly depe, and observes the "huge height," 788 ande eft a ful huge he3t hit haled vpon lofte, of harde hewen ston vp to þe table3, with its battlements and watch towers. enbaned vnder þe abataylme n t, i n þe best lawe; & syþen garyte3 ful gaye gered bi-twene, 792 wyth mony luflych loupe, þat louked ful clene; a bett er barbican þat burne blusched vpon neu er ; & i n nermore he be-helde þat halle ful hy3e, bright and long were its round towers, towre telded bytwene trochet ful þik, 796 fayre fylyole3 þat fy3ed, & ferlyly long, with their well-made capitals. with coruon coprou n es, craftyly sle3e; chalk whyt chymnees þer ches he i n -no3e, vpon bastel roue3, þat blenked ful quyte; 800 so mony pynakle payntet wat3 poudred ay quere, amo n g þe castel carnele3, clambred so þik, þat pared out of papure purely hit semed. he thinks it fair enough if he might only come within the cloister. þe fre freke on þe fole hit fayr i n -n[o]ghe þo3t, 804 if he my3t keu er to com þe cloyst e r wyth-i n ne, to herber i n þat hostel, whyl halyday lested auinant; he calls, and soon there comes a porter to know the knight's errand. he calde, & sone þer com 808 a porter pure plesau n t, on þe wal his ernd he nome, & haylsed þe kny3t errau n t. xiv. "good sir," says gawayne, "ask the high lord of this house to grant me a lodging." "gode s ir ," q uod gawan, "wolde3 þ o u go my n ernde, 812 to þe he3 lorde of þis ho us , herber to craue?" [fol. 102.] "3e, pet er ," q uod þe port er , "& purely i trowe, 1 "you are welcome to dwell here as long as you like," replied the porter. þat 3e be, wy3e, welcu m to won quyle yow lyke3." þe n 3ede þ a t wy3e a3ayn awyþe, 816 & folke frely hy m wyth, to fonge þe kny3t; the draw-bridge is let down, þay let dou n þe grete dra3t, & derely out 3eden, & kneled dou n on her knes vpon þe colde erþe, to welcu m þis ilk wy3, as worþy hom þo3t; and the gate is opened wide to receive him. 820 þay 3olden hy m þe brode 3ate, 3arked vp wyde, & he hem raysed rekenly, & rod ou er þe brygge; sere segge3 hy m sesed by sadel, quel 2 he ly3t, his horse is well stabled. & syþen stabeled his stede stif me n i n -no3e. knights and squires bring gawayne into the hall. 824 kny3te3 & swyere3 comen dou n þe n ne, for to bry n g þis burne 3 wyth blys i n -to halle; many a one hastens to take his helmet and sword. quen he hef vp his helme, þer hi3ed i n -nogh e for to hent hit at his honde, þe hende to seruen, 828 his bronde & his blasou n boþe þay token. þe n haylsed he ful hendly þo haþele3 vch one, & mony proud mon þer p re sed, þat pry n ce to hono ur ; alle hasped i n his he3 wede to halle þay hy m wo n nen, 832 þer fayre fyre vpon flet fersly bre n ned. the lord of the country bids him welcome, þe n ne þe lorde of þe lede loute3 fro his chambre, for to mete wyth menske þe mon on þe flor; he sayde, "3e ar welcu m to welde as yow lyke3, 836 þat here is, al is yowre awen, to haue at yowre wylle & welde." "grau n t mercy," q uod gawayn, "þer kryst hit yow for-3elde," and they embrace each other. 840 as freke3 þat semed fayn, ayþ er oþ er i n arme3 co n felde. 1 trowoe, ms. 2 quyle (?) or quen (?). 3 buurne, ms. xv. gawayne looks on his host; gawayn gly3t on þe gome þat godly hy m gret, a big bold one he seemed. & þu3t hit a bolde burne þat þe bur3 a3te, 844 a hoge haþel for þe none3, & of hygh e elde; 1 beaver-hued was his broad beard, brode bry3t wat3 his berde, & al beu er hwed, sturne stif on þe stryþþe on stal-worth schonke3, and his face as "fell as the fire." felle face as þe fyre, & fre of hys speche; 848 & wel hy m semed for soþe, as þe segge þu3t, to lede a lortschyp i n lee of leude3 ful gode. [fol. 102 b .] the lord leads gawayne to a chamber, and assigns him a page to wait upon him. þe lorde hy m charred to a chambre, & chefly cu m au n de3 2 to delyu er hym a leude, hym lo3ly to serue; 852 & þere were bou n at his bode burne3 i n -no3e, in this bright bower was noble bedding; þat bro3t hy m to a bry3t boure, þ er beddy n g wat3 noble, of cortynes of clene sylk, wyth cler golde he m me3, the curtains were of pure silk with golden hems; & cou er tore3 ful curious, w i t h comlych pane3, 856 of bry3t blaunni er a-boue enbrawded bisyde3, rudele3 re n nande on rope3, red golde ry n ge3, tarsic tapestries covered the walls and the floor. tapyte3 ty3t to þe wo3e, of tuly & tars, & vnder fete, on þe flet, of fol3ande sute. here the knight doffed his armour, 860 þer he wat3 dispoyled, wyth speche3 of my er þe, þe burn of his bruny, & of his bry3t wede3; and put on rich robes, ryche robes ful rad renkke3 hem 3 bro3ten, for to charge, & to chaunge, & chose of þe best. 864 sone as he on hent, & happed þ er -i n ne, þat sete on hym 4 semly, wyth saylande skyrte3, which well became him. þe ver by his uisage verayly hit semed wel ne3 to vche haþel alle on hwes, 868 lowande & lufly, alle his ly m me3 vnder, a more comely knight christ never made. þat a comloker kny3t neue r kryst made, hem þo3t; wheþen i n worlde he were, 872 hit semed as he my3t be prynce w i t h -outen pere, i n felde þ er felle me n fy3t. 1 eldee, ms. 2 clesly, ms. 3 hym (?). 4 ms. hyn. xvi. a chair is placed for sir gawayne before the fireplace. a cheyer by-fore þe chemné, þ er charcole bre n ned, 876 wat3 grayþed for s ir gawan, grayþely w i t h cloþe3, whyssynes vpon queldepoynt es , þa[t] koy n t wer boþe; a mantle of fine linen, richly embroidered, is thrown over him. & þe n ne a mere mantyle wat3 on þat mon cast, of a brou n bleeau n t, enbrauded ful ryche, 880 & fayre furred wyth-i n ne w i t h felle3 of þe best, alle of ermyn i n erde, his hode of þe same; & he sete i n þat settel semlych ryche, & achaufed hy m chefly, 1 & þe n ne his cher mended. a table is soon raised, 884 sone wat3 telded vp a tapit, on treste3 ful fayre, and the knight, having washed, proceeded to meat. clad wyth a clene cloþe, þat cler quyt schewed, sanap, & salure, & syluer-i n spone3; [fol. 103.] þe wy3e wesche at his wylle, & went to his mete 888 segge3 hym serued semly i n -no3e, he is served with numerous dishes; wyth sere sewes & sete, 2 sesou n de of þe best, double felde, as hit falle3, & fele kyn fische3; with fish baked and broiled, su m me baken i n bred, su m me brad on þe glede3, or boiled and seasoned with spices. 892 su m me soþen, su m me i n sewe, sau er ed w i t h spyces, & ay sawes 3 so sle3e3, þat þe segge lyked. þe freke calde hit a fest ful frely & ofte, he calls it a full noble feast, ful hendely, quen alle þe haþeles re-hayted hy m at one3 896 as hende; "þis penau n ce now 3e take, & eft hit schal amende;" and much mirth he makes, for the wine is in his head. þat mon much m er þe con make. 900 for wy n i n his hed þat wende. 1 ms. cefly. 2 swete (?). 3 sewes (?). xvii. sir gawayne, in answer to questions put to him, þe n ne wat3 spyed & spured vpon spare wyse. bi preue poynte3 of þat prynce, put to hy m -seluen, þat he be-knew cortaysly of þe court þat he were, tells the prince that he is of arthur's court. 904 þat aþel arthure þe hende halde3 hy m one, þat is þe ryche ryal ky n g of þe rou n de table; & hit wat3 wawen hy m -self þat i n þat won sytte3, comen to þat krystmasse, as case hy m þen lymped. when this was made known, 908 when þe lorde hade lerned þat he þe leude hade, loude la3ed he þ er at, so lef hit hy m þo3t, great was the joy in the hall. & alle þe men i n þat mote maden much joye, to apere i n his presense prestly þat tyme, 912 þat alle prys, & prowes, & pured þewes apendes to hys persou n , & praysed is eu er , by-fore alle men vpon molde, his mensk is þe most. each one said softly to his mate, vch segge ful softly sayde to his fere, "now we shall see courteous manners and hear noble speech, 916 "now schal we semlych se sle3te3 of þewe3, & þe teccheles termes of talky n g noble, wich spede is i n speche, vnspurd may we lerne, for we have amongst us the 'father of nurture.' sy n we haf fonged þat fyne fader of nurture; 920 god hat3 geuen v us his g ra ce godly for soþe, þat such a gest as gawan grau n te3 v us to haue, when burne3 blyþe of his burþe schal sitte & sy n ge. 924 i n meny n g of man er e3 mere, [fol. 103 b .] þis burne now schal v us bry n g, he that may him hear shall learn of love-talking." i hope þat may hy m here, schal lerne of luf-talky n g." xviii. after dinner the company go to the chapel, 928 bi þat þe diner wat3 done, & þe dere vp, hit wat3 ne3 at þe niy3t ne3ed þe tyme; chaplayne3 1 to þe chapeles chosen þe gate, ru n gen ful rychely, ry3t as þay schulden, to hear the evensong of the great season. 932 to þe hersu m euensong of þe hy3e tyde. þe lorde loutes þerto, & þe lady als, i n -to a comly closet coyntly ho entre3; gawan glyde3 ful gay, & gos þeder sone; 936 þe lorde laches hy m by þe lappe, & lede3 hy m to sytte, & couþly hy m knowe3, & calle3 hy m his nome, & sayde he wat3 þe welcomest wy3e of þe worlde; the lord of the castle and sir gawayne sit together during service. & he hy m þonkked þroly, & ayþ er halched oþer. 940 & seten soberly samen þe seruise-quyle; þe n ne lyst þe lady to loke on þe kny3t. his wife, accompanied by her maids, leaves her seat. þe n ne com ho of hir closet, w i t h mony cler burde3, ho wat3 þe fayrest i n felle, of flesche & of lyre, 944 & of compas, & colo ur , & costes of alle oþ er , she appeared even fairer than guenever. & wener þen wenore, as þe wy3e þo3t. he ches þur3 þe chau n sel, to cheryche þat hende; an older lady (an ancient one she seemed) led her by the hand. an oþer lady hir lad bi þe lyft honde, 948 þat wat3 alder þen ho, an au n cian hit semed, & he3ly honowred w i t h haþele3 aboute. very unlike were these two. bot yn-lyke on to loke þo ladyes were, if the young one was fair the other was yellow, for if þe 3onge wat3 3ep, 3ol3e wat3 þ a t oþ er ; 952 riche red on þat on rayled ay quere, and had rough and wrinkled cheeks. rugh ronkled cheke3 þat oþ er on rolled; kerchofes of þat on wyth mony cler perle3 the younger had breast and throat "bare displayed." hir brest & hir bry3t þrote bare displayed, 956 schon schyrer þe n snawe, þat scheder 2 on hille3; þat oþ er wyth a gorger wat3 gered ou er þe swyre, chymbled ou er hir blake chyn w i t h mylk-quyte vayles, the ancient one exposed only her "black brows," her two eyes, hir frou n t folden i n sylk, enfoubled ay quere, 960 toret & treieted w i t h tryfle3 aboute, [fol. 104.] nose, and naked lips, all sour and bleared. þat no3t wat3 bare of þat burde bot þe blake bro3es. þe tweyne y3en, & þe nase, þe naked lyppe3, & þose were soure to se, & sellyly blered; 964 a mensk lady on molde mo n may hir calle, for gode; her body was short and thick; hir body wat3 schort & þik. her buttocks broad and round. hir buttoke3 bay & brode, 968 more lykker-wys on to lyk, wat3 þat scho hade on lode. 1 ms. [claplayne3.] 2 schedes (?). xix. with permission of the lord, when gawayn gly3t on þ a t gay, þ a t g ra cio us ly loked, wyth leue la3t of þe lorde he went hem a3aynes; sir gawayne salutes the elder, 972 þe alder he haylses, heldande ful lowe, þe loueloker he lappe3 a lyttel i n arme3, but the younger he kisses, he kysses hir comlyly, & kny3tly he mele3; þay kallen hy m of a quoy n tau n ce, & he hit quyk aske3 and begs to be her servant. 976 to be her seruau n t sothly, if hem-self lyked. þay tan hy m bytwene hem, wyth talky n g hy m leden to chamber all go, to chambre, to chemné, & chefly þay asken where spices and wine are served. spyce3, þat vn-sparely me n speded hom to bry n g, 980 & þe wy n ne-lych wyne þ er -w i t h vche tyme. þe lorde luflych aloft lepe3 ful ofte, my n ned m er the to be made vpon mony syþe3. the lord takes off his hood and places it on a spear. hent he3ly of his hode, & on a spere henged, 984 & wayned hom to wy n ne þe worchip þer-of, he who makes most mirth is to win it. þat most myrþe my3t mene 1 þ a t crystenmas whyle; "& i schal fonde, bi my fayth, to fylt er wyth þe best, er me wont þe wede3, w i t h help of my frende3." 988 þ us wyth la3ande lote3 þe lorde hit tayt 2 make3, night approaches, and then for to glade s ir gawayn w i t h gomne3 i n halle þ a t ny3t; til þat hit wat3 tyme, 992 þe ky n g comau n det ly3t, sir gawayne takes his leave and retires to rest. s ir gawen his leue con nyme, & to his bed hy m di3t. 1 meue (?). 2 layt (?). xx. on christmas morn, on þe morne, as vch mon myne3 þat tyme, joy reigns in every dwelling in the world. 996 [þ]at dry3tyn for oure destyné to de3e wat3 borne, wele waxe3 i n vche a won i n worlde, for his sake; so did it in the castle where our knight abode. so did hit þere on þat day, þur3 dayntes mony; [fol. 104 b .] boþe at mes & at mele, messes ful quaynt 1000 derf men vpon dece drest of þe best. the lord and "the old ancient wife" sit together. þe olde au n cian wyf he3est ho sytte3; þe lorde lufly her by lent, as i trowe; gawayne sits by the wife of his host. gawan & þe gay burde to-geder þay seten, 1004 euen i n -mydde3, as þe messe metely come; & syþen þur3 al þe sale, as hem best semed, it were too tedious to tell of the meat, the mirth, and the joy that abounded everywhere. bi vche grome at his degre g ray þely wat3 serued. þ er wat3 mete, þer wat3 myrþe, þ er wat3 much ioye, 1008 þat for to telle þerof hit me tene were, & to poynte hit 3et i pyned me p ar aue n ture; gawayne and his beautiful companion derive much comfort from each other's conversation. bot 3et i wot þat wawen & þe wale burde such comfort of her compaynye ca3ten to-geder, 1012 þur3 her dere dalyau n ce of her derne worde3, wyth clene cortays carp, closed fro fylþe; & hor play wat3 passande vche prynce gomen, i n vayres; trumpets and nakers give forth their sounds. 1016 tru m pe3 & nakerys, much pypy n g þ er repayres, vche mo n tented hys, & þay two te n ted þayres. xxi. great was the joy for three days. 1020 much dut wat3 þer dryuen þat day & þat oþ er , & þe þryd as þro þronge i n þeraft er ; st. john's-day was the last of the christmas festival. þe ioye of sayn ione3 day wat3 gentyle to here, & wat3 þe last of þe layk, leude3 þer þo3ten. 1024 þer wer gestes to go vpon þe gray morne, for-þy wonderly þay woke, & þe wyn dronken, dau n sed ful dre3ly wyth dere carole3; on the morrow many of the guests took their departure from the castle. at þe last, when hit wat3 late, þay lachen her leue, 1028 vchon to wende on his way, þat wat3 wy3e stronge. gawan gef hy m god-day, þe god mo n hy m lachche3, ledes hy m to his awen chambre, þ[e] chy m né bysyde, sir gawayne is thanked by his host for the honour and pleasure of his visit. & þere he dra3e3 hy m on-dry3e, & derely hy m þonkke3, 1032 of þe wy n ne worschip & 1 he hy m wayned hade, as to hono ur his ho us on þat hy3e tyde, & enbelyse his bur3 w i t h his bele chere. "i-wysse s ir , quyl i leue, me worþe3 þe better, [fol. 105.] 1036 þat gawayn hat3 ben my gest, at godde3 awen fest." "g ra nt merci 2 s ir ," q uod gawayn, "i n god fayth hit is yowre3, al þe hono ur is yo ur awen, þe he3e ky n g yow 3elde; & i am wy3e at yo ur wylle, to worch yo ur e hest, 1040 as i am halden þ er -to, i n hy3e & i n lo3e, bi ri3t." he endeavours to keep the knight at his court. þe lorde fast can hy m payne, to holde lenger þe kny3t, 1044 to hy m answre3 gawayn, bi non way þat he my3t. 1 þat (?). 2 nerci, in ms. xxii. he desires to know what had driven sir gawayne from arthur's court before the end of the christmas holidays. then frayned þe freke ful fayre at him-selue n , quat derne 1 dede had hy m dryuen, at þat dere tyme, 1048 so kenly fro þe ky n ge3 kourt to kayre al his one, er þe halidaye3 holly were halet out of tou n ? the knight replies that "a high errand and a hasty one" had forced him to leave the court. "for soþe s ir ," q uod þe segge, "3e sayn bot þe trawþe a he3e ernde & a hasty me hade fro þo wone3, 1052 for i am su m ned my selfe to sech to a place, i wot 2 i n worlde wheder warde to wende, hit to fynde; i nolde, bot if i hit negh my3t on nw3eres morne, for alle þe londe i n -wyth logres, so me oure lorde help! 1056 for-þy, s ir , þis enquest i require yow here, he asks his host whether he has ever heard of the green chapel, þat 3e me telle w i t h trawþe, if eu er 3e tale herde of þe grene chapel, quere hit on grou n de stonde3, & of þe kny3t þat hit kepes, of colo ur of grene? 1060 þ er wat3 stabled bi statut a steuen v us by-twene, for he has to be there on new year's-day. to mete þat mon at þ a t mere, 3if i my3t last; & of þat ilk nw3ere hot neked now wonte3, & i wolde loke on þat lede, if god me let wolde, 1064 gladloker, bi godde3 su n , þe n any god welde! for-þi, i-wysse, bi 3owre wylle, wende me bi-houes, he wonld as lief die as fail in his errand. naf i now to busy bot bare þre daye3, & me als fayn to falle feye as fayly of myy n ernde." the prince tells sir gawayne that he will teach him the way. 1068 þe n ne la3ande q uod þe lorde, "now leng þe by-houes, for i schal teche yow to þa[t] terme bi þe tyme3 ende, þe grene chapayle vpon grou n de, greue yow no more; bot 3e schal be i n yowre bed, burne, at þy n ese, 1072 quyle forth dayej, & ferk on pe fyrst of pe 3ere, [fol. 105 b ] & cum to þat merk at mydmorn, to make quat yow like3 in spe n ne; dowelle3 whyle new 3eres daye, 1076 & rys, & rayke3 þe n ne, the green chapel is not more than two miles from the castle. mo n schal yow sette i n waye, hit is not two myle he n ne." 1 derue (?). 2 not (?). xxiii. then was gawayne glad, þe n ne wat3 gawan ful glad, & gomenly he la3ed,— 1080 "now i þonk yow þryuandely þur3 alle oþ er þy n ge, and consents to tarry awhile at the castle. now acheued is my chau n ce, i schal at yo ur wylle dowelle, & elle3 do quat 3e demen." þe n ne sesed hy m þe syre, & set hy m bysyde, the ladies are brought in to solace him. 1084 let þe ladie3 be fette, to lyke he m þe bett er ; þer wat3 seme solace by hem-self stille; þe lorde let for luf lote3 so myry, as wy3 þat wolde of his wyte, ne wyst quat he my3t. 1088 þe n ne he carped to þe kny3t, criande loude, the lord of the castle asks the knight to grant him one request; "3e han demed to do þe dede þat i bidde; wyl 3e halde þis hes here at þys one3?" "3e s ir , for-soþe," sayd þe segge trwe, 1092 "whyl i byde i n yowre bor3e, be bayn to 3ow[r]e hest." "for 3e haf trauayled," q uod þe tulk, "towen fro ferre, & syþen waked me wyth, 3e arn not wel waryst, that he will stay in his chamber during mass time, nauþ er of sostnau n ce ne of slepe, soþly i knowe; 1096 3e schal lenge i n yo ur lofte, & ly3e i n yo ur ese, and then go to meat with his hostess. to morn quyle þe messe-quyle, & to mete wende, when 3e wyl, wyth my wyf, þat wyth yow schal sitte, & comfort yow w i t h compayny, til i to cort torne, 1100 3e lende; & i schal erly ryse, on hu n ty n g wyl i wende." gawayne accedes to his request. gauayn g ra nte3 alle þyse, 1104 hy m heldande, as þe hende. xxiv. "whatsoever," says the host, "i win in the wood shall be yours, "3et firre," q uod þe freke, "a forwarde we make; quat-so-euer i wy n ne i n þe wod, hit worþe3 to yo ur e3, and what check you achieve shall be mine." & quat chek so 3e acheue, chau n ge me þer-forne; 1108 swete, swap we so, sware w i t h trawþe, queþer, leude, so lymp lere oþ er bett er ." "bi god," q uod gawayn þe gode, "i gra nt þ er -tylle, [fol. 106.] & þat yow lyst forto layke, lef hit me þynk es . a bargain is made between them. 1112 "who bri n ge3 v us þis beu er age, þis bargayn is maked:" so sayde þe lorde of þat lede; þay la3ed vchone, þay dronken, & daylyeden, & dalten vnty3tel, 1 þise lorde3 & ladye3, quyle þat hem lyked; 1116 & syþen w i t h frenkysch fare & fele fayre lote3 þay stoden, & stemed, & stylly speken, kysten ful comlyly, & ka3ten her leue. night approaches and each "to his bed was brought at the last." w i t h mony leude ful ly3t, & lemande torches, 1120 vche burne to his bed wat3 bro3t at þe laste, ful softe; to bed 3et er þay 3ede, recorded couenau n te3 ofte; 1124 þe olde lorde of þat leude, 2 cowþe wel halde layk a-lofte. 1 vntyl ny3te (?). 2 lede (?). [fytte the third.] i. before day-break folks uprise, ful erly bifore þe day þe folk vp-rysen, gestes þat go wolde, hor grome3 þay calden, saddle their horses, and truss their mails. 1128 & þay busken vp bilyue, blonkke3 to sadel, tyffen he[r] takles, trussen her males, richen hem þe rychest, to ryde alle arayde, lepen vp ly3tly, lachen her brydeles, each goes where it pleases him best. 1132 vche wy3e on his way, þer hy m wel lyked. the noble lord of the land arrays himself for riding. þe leue lorde of þe londe wat3 not þe last, a-rayed for þe rydy n g, w i t h renkke3 ful mony; he eats a sop hastily and goes to mass. ete a sop hastyly, when he hade herde masse, 1136 w i t h bugle to bent felde he buske3 by-lyue; before day-light he and his men are on their horses. by þat þat any day-ly3t lemed vpon erþe, he w i t h his haþeles on hy3e horsses weren. then the hounds are called out and coupled. þe n ne þise cacheres þat couþe, cowpled hor hou n de3, 1140 vnclosed þe kenel dore, & calde hem þ er -oute, three short notes are blown by the bugles. blwe bygly i n bugle3 þre bare mote; braches bayed þ er fore, & breme noyse maked, a hundred hunters join in the chase. & þay chastysed, & charred, on chasy n g þat went; 1144 a hundreth of hunt er es, as i haf herde telle, of þe best; to the stations the "fewters" go, to trystors vewters 3od, couples huntes of kest, [fol. 106 b .] 1148 þ er ros for blaste3 gode, and the dogs are cast off. gret rurd i n þat forest. ii. roused by the clamour the deer rush to the heights, at þe fyrst quethe of þe quest quaked þe wylde; der drof i n þe dale, doted for drede, 1152 hi3ed to þe hy3e, bot het er ly þay were but are soon driven back. restayed w i t h þe stablye, þat stoutly ascryed; the harts and bucks are allowed to pass, þay let þe hertte3 haf þe gate, w i t h þe hy3e hedes, þe breme bukke3 also, w i t h hor brode paume3; 1156 for þe fre lorde hade de-fende i n fermysou n tyme, þ a t þ er schulde no mon mene 1 to þe male dere. but the hinds and does are driven back to the shades. þe hinde3 were halden i n , w i t h hay & war, þe does dryuen w i t h gret dyn to þe depe slade3; 1160 þer my3t mon se, as þay slypte, slenty n g of arwes, as they fly they are shot by the bowmen. at vche [þat] wende vnder wande wapped a flone, þat bigly bote on þe brou n , w i t h ful brode hede3, the hounds and the hunters, with a loud cry, follow in pursuit. what! þay brayen, & bleden, bi bonkke3 þay de3en. 1164 & ay rachches i n a res radly hem fol3es, hu n tere3 wyth hy3e horne hasted hem aft er , those that escaped the arrows are killed by the hounds. wyth such a crakkande kry, as klyffes haden brusten; what wylde so at-waped wy3es þat schotten, 1168 wat3 al to-raced & rent, at þe resayt. bi þay were tened at þe hy3e, & taysed to þe wattre3, þe lede3 were so lerned at þe lo3e trysteres, & þe gre-hou n de3 so grete, þat geten hem bylyue, 1172 & hem to fylched, as fast as freke3 my3t loke, þ er ry3t. the lord waxes joyful in the chase, þe lorde for blys abloy ful oft con lau n ce & ly3t, which lasted till the approach of night. 1176 & drof þat day wyth ioy thus to þe derk ny3t. 1 meue (?). iii. all this time gawayne lies a-bed. þ us layke3 þis lorde by lynde wode3 eue3, & g. þe god mon, i n gay bed lyge3, under "coverture full clear". 1180 lurkke3 quyl þe day-ly3t lemed on þe wowes, vnder couerto ur ful clere, cortyned aboute; & as i n slom er y n g he slode, sle3ly he herde he hears a noise at his door. a littel dyn at his dor, & derfly vpon; 1184 & he heue3 vp his hed out of þe cloþes, [fol. 107.] a corner of þe cortyn he ca3t vp a lyttel, & wayte3 warly þider-warde, quat hit be my3t. a lady, the loveliest to behold, enters softly. hit wat3 þe ladi, loflyest to be-holde, 1188 þat dro3 þe dor aft er hir ful dernly 1 & stylle, she approaches the bed. & bo3ed to-warde þe bed; & þe burne schamed. & layde hy m dou n lystyly, & let as he slepte. gawayne pretends to be asleep. & ho stepped stilly. & stel to his bedde, the lady casts up the curtain and sits on the bedside. 1192 kest vp þe cortyn, & creped w i t h -i n ne, & set hir ful softly on þe bed-syde, & lenged þere selly longe, to loke que n he wakened. þe lede lay lurked a ful longe quyle, gawayne has much wonder thereat. 1196 compast i n his concience to quat þat cace my3t mene oþ er amou n t, to m er uayle hy m þo3t; bot 3et he sayde i n hy m -self, "more semly hit were to aspye wyth my spelle [in] space quat ho wolde." he rouses himself up, 1200 þen he wakenede, & wroth, & to hir warde torned, unlocks his eyes, and looks as if he were astonished. & vn-louked his y3e-lydde3, & let as hy m wondered, & sayned hy m , as bi his sa3e þe sau er to worthe, w i t h hande; 1204 wyth chy n ne & cheke ful swete, boþe quit & red i n -blande, ful lufly con ho lete, wyth lyppe3 smal la3ande. 1 deruly (?). iv. "good morrow", says the lady, "ye are a careless sleeper to let one enter thus. 1208 "god morou n , s ir gawayn," sayde þat fayr lady, "3e ar a slep er vn-sly3e, þat mo n may slyde hider; now ar 3e tan astyt, bot t r ue v us may schape, i shall bind you in your bed, of that be ye sure." i schal bynde yow i n yo ur bedde, þat be 3e trayst:" 1212 al la3ande þe lady lanced þo bourde3. "good morrow," says the knight, "i am well pleased to be at your service; "goud morou n g[aye]," 1 q uod gawayn þe blyþe, "me schal worþe at yo ur wille, & þat me wel lyke3, for i 3elde me 3ederly, & 3e3e aft er g ra ce, 1216 & þat is þe best, be my dome, for me by-houe3 nede;" & þus he bourded a-3ayn w i t h mony a blyþe la3t er . but permit me to rise and dress myself." "bot wolde 3e, lady louely, þe n leue me g ra nte, & de-prece yo ur prysou n , & pray hy m to ryse, 1220 i wolde bo3e of þis bed, & busk me bett er , i schulde keu er þe more comfort to karp yow wyth." [fol. 107b] "nay, beau sir," said that sweet one, "nay, for soþe, beau s ir ," sayd þat swete, "3e schal not rise of yo ur bedde, i rych yow bett er , "i shall hold talk with you here. 1224 i schal happe yow here þat oþ er half als, & syþen karp wyth my kny3t þat i ka3t haue; i know well that you are gawayne that all the woild worships. for i wene wel, iwysse, s ir wawen 3e are, þat alle þe worlde worchipe3, quere-so 3e ride; 1228 yo ur hono ur , yo ur hendelayk is hendely praysed we are by ourselves; w i t h lorde3, wyth ladyes, w i t h alle þat lyf bere. & now 3e ar here, iwysse, & we bot oure one; my lord and his men are far off. "my lorde & his lede3 ar on lenþe faren, other men are in their beds, so are my maidens. 1232 oþ er burne3 i n her bedde, & my burde3 als, the door is safely closed. þe dor drawen, & dit w i t h a derf haspe; since i have him in house that every one likes, i shall use my time well while it lasts. & syþen i haue i n þis ho us hy m þat al lyke3, i schal ware my whyle wel, quyl hit laste3, 1236 w i t h tale; ye are welcome to my body. 3e ar welcu m to my cors, yowre awen won to wale, me be-houe3 of fyne force, i shall be your servant." 1240 yo ur seruau n t be & schale." 1 this word is illegible in the ms. v. "in god fayth," q uod gawayn, "gay n hit me þynkke3, "i am unworthy," says sir gawayne, "to reach to such reverence as ye rehearse. þa3 i be not now he þat 3e of speken; to reche to such reuerence as 3e reherce here 1244 i am wy3e vn-worþy, i wot wel my-seluen; bi god, i were glad, & yow god þo3t, i shall be glad, however, to please you by word, or service." at sa3e oþ er at seruyce þat i sette my3t to þe plesau n ce of yo ur prys, hit were a pure ioye." 1248 "in god fayth, s ir gawayn," q uod þe gay lady, "þe prys & þe prowes þat plese3 al oþ er , if i hit lakked, oþ er set at ly3t, hit were littel daynté; "there are ladies," says his visitor, "who would prefer thy company bot hit ar ladyes i n -no3e, þat leu er wer nowþe 1252 haf þe hende i n hor holde, as i þe habbe here, to daly w i t t derely yo ur daynté worde3, keu er hem comfort, & colen her care3, to much of the gold that they possess." þe n much of þe garysour n oþ er golde þat 1 þay hauen; 1256 bot i louue 2 þat ilk lorde þ a t þe lyfte halde3, i haf hit holly i n my honde þ a t al desyres, þur3e grace." scho made hy m so gret chere, [fol. 108.] 1260 þat wat3 so fayr of face, the knight answers the lady's questions. þe kny3t w i t h speches skere, a[n]swared to vche a cace. 1 ms. þat þ a t. 2 louie or loune (?). vi. gawayne tells her that he prefers her conversation before that of all others. "madame," q uod þe myry mon, "mary yow 3elde, 1264 for i haf fou n den, i n god fayth, yowre frau n chis nobele, & oþ er ful much of oþ er folk fongen hor dede3; bot þe daynté þ a t þay delen for my disert nysen, hit is þe worchyp of yo ur -self, þ a t no3t hot wel co n ne3." the lady declares by mary, 1268 "bi mary," q uod þe menskful, "me þynk hit anoþ er ; for were i worth al þe wone of wy m men alyue, & al þe wele of þe worlde were i n my honde, that were she about to choose her a lord, & i schulde chepen & chose, to cheue me a lorde, 1272 for þe costes þat i haf knowen vpun þe kny3t here, of bewté, & debonerté, & blyþe semblau n t, she would select gawayne before any man on earth. & þat i haf er herkkened, & halde hit here trwee, þ er schulde no freke vpon folde bifore yow be chosen." 1276 "i-wysse, worþy," q uod þe wy3e, "3e haf waled wel bett er , gawayne tells her that he will become her own knight and faithful servant. bot i am proude of þe prys þat 3e put on me, & soberly yo ur seruau n t my sou er ayn i holde yow, & yowre kny3t i be-com, & kryst yow for-3elde." 1280 þ us þay meled of much-quat, til myd-morn paste, & ay þe lady let lyk, a 1 hy m loued mych; the remembrance of his adventure prevents him from thinking of love. þe freke ferde w i t h defence, & feted ful fayre. þa3 i were burde bry3test, þe burde i n mynde hade, 1284 þe lasse luf i n his lode, for lur þat he so3t, boute hone; þe dunte þat schulde 2 hy m deue, & nede3 hit most be done; the lady takes leave of sir gawayne. 1288 þe lady þe n n spek of leue. he g ra nted hir ful sone. 1 and (?) 2 sclulde, in ms. vii. with a laughing glance, she says, þe n ne ho gef hy m god-day, & wyth a glent la3ed. & as ho stod, ho stonyed hy m wyth ful stor worde3: "i am doubtful whether ye be gawayne. 1292 "now he þat spede3 vche spech, þis disport 3elde yow! bot þat 3e be gawan, hit got3 i n my n de." "quer-fore?" q uod þe freke, & freschly he aske3, ferde lest he hade fayled i n fo ur me of his castes; 1296 bot þe burde hy m blessed, & bi þis skyl sayde, [fol. 108 b .] "so god as gawayn gaynly is halden, & cortaysye is closed so clene i n hy m -seluen, were it he, surely, ere this, he would have craved a kiss." couth not ly3tly haf lenged so long wyth a lady, 1300 bot he had craued a cosse, bi his co ur taysye, bi su m towch of su m me tryfle, at su m tale3 ende." "i shall kiss," says the knight, "at your commandment." þe n q uod wowen, "i-wysse, worþe as yow lyke3, i schal kysse at yo ur comau n dement, as a kny3t falle3, 1304 & fire 1 lest he displese yow, so 2 plede hit no more." with that the lady catches him in her arms and kisses him. ho comes nerre w i t h þat, & cache3 hy m i n arme3, loute3 luflych adou n , & þe leude kysse3; þay comly byke n nen to kryst ayþ er oþ er ; 1308 ho dos hir forth at þe dore, w i t h -outen dyn more. & he ryches hy m to ryse, & rapes hy m sone, gawayne then rises and goes to mass. clepes to his chamberlayn, choses his wede, bo3e3 forth, quen he wat3 bou n , blyþely to masse, 1312 & þe n ne he meued to his mete, þ a t me n skly hy m keped, he makes mirth all day till the moon rises, & made myry al day til þe mone rysed, w i t h game; w i t h 3 neu er freke fayrer fonge, between the "two dames," the older and the younger. 1316 bitwene two so dy n gne dame, þe alder & þe 3onge, much solace set þay same. 1 fere (?). 2 fo, in ms. 3 was (?) nas (?). viii. meanwhile the lord of the land and his men hunt in woods and heaths. and ay þe lorde of þe londe is lent on his gamne3, 1320 to hu n t i n holte3 & heþe, at hynde3 barayne, such a sowme he þ er slowe bi þat þe su n ne heldet, of dos & of oþ er dere, to deme were wonder. þe n ne fersly þay flokked i n folk at þe laste, quickly of the killed a " quarry " they make. 1324 & quykly of þe quelled dere a querré þay maked; þe best bo3ed þerto, w i t h burne3 i n -nogh e , then they set about breaking the deer. gedered þe grattest of gres þat þer were, & didden hem derely vndo, as þe dede aske3; they take away the assay or fat, 1328 serched hem at þe asay, su m me þat þ er were, two fy n geres þay fonde of þe fowlest of alle; then they slit the slot and remove the erber . syþe n þay slyt þe slot, sesed þe erber, they afterwards rip the four limbs and rend off the hide. schaued wyth a scharp knyf, & þe schyre knitten; 1332 syþen rytte þay þe foure ly m mes, & rent of þe hyde, they next open the belly þe n brek þay þe bale, þe bale3 out token, [fol. 109.] and take out the bowels. lystily forlancy n g, & bere of þe knot; þay gryped to þe gargulu n , & g ra yþely departed they then separate the weasand from the windhole and throw out the guts. 1336 þe wesau n t fro þe wynt-hole, & walt out þe gutte3; þe n scher þay out þe schuldere3 w i t h her scharp knyue3, the shoulders are cut out, and the breast divided into halves. haled hem by a lyttel hole, to haue hole sydes; siþen britned þay þe brest, & brayden hit i n twy n ne, 1340 & eft at þe gargulu n bigyne3 on þe n ne, the numbles are next removed. ryue3 hit vp radly, ry3t to þe by3t, voyde3 out þe a-vanters, & v er ayly þ er aft er alle þe ryme3 by þe rybbe3 radly þay lance; 1344 so ryde þay of by resou n bi þe rygge bone3, euenden to þe haunche, þat henged alle samen, & heuen hit vp al hole, & hwen hit of þere, & þat þayneme for þe nou m bles, bi nome as i trowe, 1348 bi kynde; by the fork of the thighs, bi þe by3t al of þe þy3es, þe lappe3 þay lance bi-hynde, the flaps are hewn in two by the backbone. to hewe hit i n two þay hy3es, 1352 bi þe bak-bon to vnbynde. ix. after this the head and neck are cut off, and the sides severed from the chine. boþe þe hede & þe hals þay hwen of þe n ne, & syþen sunder þay þe syde3 swyft fro þe chyne, & þe corbeles fee þay kest i n a greue; 1 1356 þe n n þurled þay ayþer þik side þur3, bi þe rybbe, & henged þe n ne a[y]þ er bi ho3es of þe fourche3, vche freke for his fee, as falle3 forto haue. vpon a felle of þe fayre best, fede þay þayr hou n des, with the liver, lights and paunches, they feed the hounds. 1360 wyth þe lyu er & þe ly3te3, þe leþer of þe paunche3, & bred baþed i n blod, blende þer amo n ge3; baldely þay blw prys, bayed þayr rachche3, then they make for home. syþen fonge þay her flesche folden to home, 1364 strakande ful stoutly mony stif mote3. bi þat þe dayly3t wat3 done, þe douthe wat3 al wonen i n -to þe comly castel, þer þe kny3t bide3 ful stille; 1368 wyth blys & bry3t fyr bette, þe lord is comen þ er -tylle, gawayne goes out to meet his host. when gawayn wyth hy m mette, þer wat3 bot wele at wylle. 1 grene (?). x. [fol. 109 b .] the lord commands all his household to assemble, 1372 the n ne comau n ded þe lorde i n þ a t sale to samen alle þe meny, boþe þe ladyes on logh e to ly3t w i t h her burdes, and the venison to be brought before him. bi-fore alle þe folk on þe flette, freke3 he bedde3 v er ayly his venysou n to fech hy m byforne; he calls gawayne, 1376 & al godly i n gomen gaway[n] he called, teche3 hy m to þe tayles of ful tayt bestes, schewe3 hy m þe schyree grece schorne vpon rybbes. and asks him whether he does not deserve much praise for his success in the chase. "how paye3 yow þis play? haf i prys wo n nen? 1380 haue i þryuandely þonk þur3 my craft serued?" "3e i-wysse," q uod þat oþ er wy3e, "here is wayth fayrest on the knight expressing himself satisfied, he is told to take the whole according to a former agreement between them. þat i se3 þis seuen 3ere i n sesou n of wynt er ." "& al i gif yow, gawayn," q uod þe gome þe n ne, 1384 "for by a-corde of couenau n t 3e craue hit as yo ur awen." "þis is soth," q uod þe segge, "i say yow þatilke, & 1 i haf worthyly þis wone3 wyth-i n ne, gawayne gives the knight a comely kiss in return. i-wysse w i t h as god wylle hit worþe3 to 3o ur e3." 1388 he hasppe3 his fayre hals his arme3 wyth-i n ne, & kysses hy m as comlyly as he 2 couþe awyse: "tas yow þere my cheuicau n ce, i cheued no more, i wowche hit saf fynly, þa3 feler hit were." 1392 "hit is god," q uod þe god mon, "g ra nt m er cy þ er fore, his host desires to know where he has gotten such weal. hit may be such, hit is þe bett er , & 1 3e me breue wolde where 3e wan þis ilk wele, biwytte of hor 3 seluen?" as this does not enter into the covenant, he gets no answer to his question. "þat wat3 not forward," q uod he, "frayst me no more, 1396 for 3e haftan þat yow tyde3, trawe3e non oþ er 3e mowe." þay la3ed, & made hem blyþe, they then proceed to supper, where were dainties new and enough. wyth lote3 þat were to lowe, 1400 to soper þay 3ede asswyþe, wyth dayntes nwe i n -nowe. 1 and = an. 2 ho, in ms. 3 your (?). xi. by the hearth they sit. and syþen by þe chymné i n chamber þay seten. wine is carried round. wy3e3 þe walle wyn we3ed to hem oft, 1404 & efte i n her bourdy n g þay bayþen i n þe morn, to fylle þe same forwarde3 þat þay by-fore maden, again sir gawayne and his host renew their agreement. þat chau n ce so bytyde3 hor cheuysau n ce to chau n ge, what nwe3 so þay nome, at na3t quen þay mette n 1408 þay acorded of þe couenau n te3 byfore þe co ur t alle; [fol. 110.] þe beuerage wat3 bro3t forth i n bourde at þat tyme; then they take leave of each other and hasten to bed. þe n ne þay louelych le3ten leue at þe last, vche burne to his bedde busked bylyue. scarce had the cock cackled thrice when the lord was up. 1412 bi þat þe coke hade crowe3 1 & cakled bot þryse, þe lorde wat3 lopen of his bedde, [&] þe leude3 vch one, so þat þe mete & þe masse wat3 metely delyu er ed; þe douthe dressed to þe wod, er any day sprenged, 1416 to chace; with his hunters and horns they pursue the chase. he3 w i t h hu n te & horne3, þur3 playne3 þay passe i n space, vn-coupled amo n g þo þorne3, 1420 rache3 þat ran on race. 1 crowed (?). xii. the hunters cheer on the hounds, sone þay calle of a quest i n aker syde, þe hu n t re-hayted þe hou n de3, þat hit fyrst my n ged, which fall to the scent forty at once. wylde worde3 hy m warp wyth a wrast noyce; 1424 þe hownde3 þat hit herde, hastid þider swyþe, & fellen as fast to þe fuyt, fourty at ones; þe n ne such a glau er ande glam of gedered rachche3 ros, þat þe rochere3 ru n gen aboute; 1428 hu n tere3 hem hardened w i t h horne & wyth muthe. all come together by the side of a cliff. þe n al i n a semblé sweyed to-geder, bitwene a flosche i n þat fryth, & a foo cragge; in a knot, bi a clyffe, at þe kerre syde, 1432 þ er as þe rogh rocher vn-rydely wat3 fallen, [þay] ferden to þe fyndy n g, & freke3 hem aft er ; they look about on all sides, þay vmbe-kesten þe knarre & þe knot boþe. wy3e3, whyl þay wysten wel wyt i n ne he m hit were, 1436 þe best þat þer breued wat3 wyth þe blod hou n de3. and beat on the bushes. þe n ne þay beten on þe buske3, & bede hy m vp ryse, & he vnsou n dyly out so3t segge3 ou er -þwert, out there rushes a fierce wild boar, on þe sellokest swyn swenged out þere, 1440 long sythen for 1 þe sou n der þat wi3t for-olde, for he wat3 b[este &] bor alþer grattest, [and eue]re quen he gronyed, þe n ne greued mony, at the first thrust he fells three to the ground. for [þre a]t þe fyrst þrast he þry3t to þe erþe, 1444 & [sped hym] forth good sped, boute spyt more, [ande þay] halowed hygh e ful hy3e & hay! hay! cryed [fol. 110 b .] haden horne3 to mouþe heterly rechated; full quickly the hunters pursue him. mony wat3 þe myry mouthe of men & of hou n de3, 1448 þat buskke3 aft er þis bor, w i t h bost & wyth noyse, to quelle; ful oft he byde3 þe baye, & mayme3 þe mute i n n-melle, however, he attacks the hounds, causing them to yowl and yell. 1452 he hurte3 of þe hou n de3, & þay ful 3omerly 3aule & 3elle. 1 fro (?). xiii. the bowmen send their arrows after this wild swine, schalke3 to schote at hy m schowen to þe n ne, haled to hym of her arewe3, hitten hym oft; 1456 bot þe poy n te3 payred at þe pyth þ a t py3t i n his schelde3, & þe barbe3 of his browe bite non wolde, but they glide off shivered in pieces. þa3 þe schauen schaft schyndered i n pece3, þe hede hypped a3ayn, were-so-eu er hit hitte; enraged with the blows, 1460 bot quon þe dynte3 hy m dered of her dry3e stroke3, þen, brayn-wod for bate, on burne3 he rase3, he attacks the hunters. hurte3 hem ful heterly þer he forth hy3e3, & mony ar3ed þerat, & on-lyte dro3en. 1464 bot þe lorde on a ly3t horce lau n ces hym aft er , the lord of the land blows his bugle, as burne bolde vpon bent his bugle he blowe3, he rechated, & r[ode] 1 þur3 rone3 ful þyk, suande þis wy[ld]e swyn til þe su n ne schafted. and pursues the boar. 1468 þis day wyth þis ilk dede þay dryuen on þis wyse, whyle oure luflych lede lys i n his bedde, all this time gawayne lies a-bed. gawayn g ra yþely at home, i n gere3 ful ryche of hewe; 1472 þe lady no3t for3ate, com to hy m to salue, ful erly ho wat3 hy m ate, his mode forto remwe. 1 the ms. is here almost illegible. xiv. the lady of the castle again visits sir gawayne. 1476 ho co m mes to þe cortyn, & at þe kny3t totes, s ir wawen her welcu m ed worþy on fyrst, & ho hy m 3elde3 a3ayn, ful 3erne of hir worde3, softly she sits by his side, sette3 hir sof[t]ly by his syde, & swyþely ho la3e3, 1480 & wyth a luflych loke ho layde 1 hy m þyse worde3: "s ir , 3if 3e be wawen, wonder me þynkke3, wy3e þat is so wel wrast alway to god, & conne3 not of compaynye þe coste3 vnder-take, [fol. 111] 1484 & if mon ke n nes yow hom to knowe, 3e kest hom of yo ur my n de; and tells the knight that he has forgotten what she taught him the day before. þou hat3 for-3eten 3ederly þat 3ist er day i ta3tte alder-truest token of talk þat i cowþe." "what is þat?" q uod þe wygh e , "i-wysse i wot neu er , 1488 if hit be sothe þat 3e breue, þe blame is my n awen." "i taught you of kissing," she says, "that becomes every knight." "3et i kende yow of kyssy n g," q uod þe clere þe n ne, "quere-so cou n tenau n ce is couþe, quikly to clayme, þat bicu m es vche a kny3t, þat cortaysy vses." 1492 "do way," q uod þat derf mon, "my dere, þat speche, gawayne says that he must not take that which is forbidden. for þat durst i not do, lest i denayed were, if i were werned, i were wrang i-wysse, 3if i p ro fered." "ma fay," q uod þe mere wyf, "3e may not be werned, he is told that he is strong enough to enforce it. 1496 3e ar stif i n -nogh e to constrayne wyth strenkþe, 3if yow lyke3, 3if any were so vilano us þat yow denaye 2 wolde." "3e, be god," q uod gawayn, "good is yo ur speche, bot þrete is vn-þryuande i n þede þ er i lende, the knight replies that every gift is worthless that is not given willingly. 1500 & vche gift þat is geuen not w i t h goud wylle; i am at yo ur comaundeme n t, to kysse quen yow lyke3, 3e may lach quen yow lyst, & leue quen yow þynkke3, in space." the lady stoops down and kisses him. 1504 þe lady loute3 a-dou n , & comlyly kysses his face, much speche þay þ er expou n , of druryes greme & g ra ce. 1 sayde (?). 2 de vaye, in ms. xv. "i would learn," she says, "why you, who are so young and active, 1508 "i woled 1 wyt at yow, wy3e," þat worþy þer sayde, "& yow wrathed not þer-wyth, what were þe skylle, þat so 3ong & so 3epe, as 3e [ar] at þis tyme, so cortayse, so kny3tyly, as 3e ar knowen oute, so skilled in the true sport of love, 1512 & of alle cheualry to chose, þe chef þy n g a-losed, is 2 þe lel layk of luf, þe lettrure of armes; f[or] to telle of þis tenely n g of þis trwe kny3te3, hit is þe tytelet, token, & tyxt of her werkke3, 1516 how le[des] for her lele luf hor lyue3 han au n tered, endured for her drury dulful stou n de3, & aft er wenged w i t h her walo ur & voyded her care, and so renowned a knight, & bro3t blysse i n -to boure, w i t h bou n tees hor awen. 1520 & 3e ar kny3t com-lokest kyd of yo ur elde, [fol. 111 b .] yo ur worde & yo ur worchip walke3 ay quere, & i haf seten by yo ur -self here sere twyes, have never talked to me of love. 3et herde i neu er of yo ur hed helde no worde3 1524 þat eu er longed to luf, lasse ne more; you ought to show a young thing like me some token of 'true-love's crafts.' & 3e, þat ar so cortays & coy n t of yo ur hetes, ogh e to a 3onke þy n k 3ern to schewe, & teche su m tokene3 of trweluf craftes. 1528 why ar 3e lewed, þat alle þe los welde3, oþ er elles 3e demen me to dille, yo ur dalyau n ce to herken? for schame! i com hider sengel, & sitte, 1532 to lerne at yow su m game, so teach me of your 'wit' while my lord is from home." dos, teche3 me of yo ur wytte, whil my lorde is fro hame." 1 wolde (?). 2 in (?). xvi. "it is a great pleasure to me," says sir gawayne, "to hear you talk, "in goud fayþe," q uod gawayn, "god yow for3elde, 1536 gret is þe gode gle, & gomen to me huge, þat so worþy as 3e wolde wy n ne hidere, & pyne yow w i t h so pou er a mon, as play wyth yo ur kny3t, with any sky n ne3 cou n tenau n ce, hit keu er e3 me ese; but i cannot undertake the task to expound true-love and tales of arms. 1540 bot to take þe toruayle 1 to my-self, to trwluf expou n , & towche þe teme3 of tyxt, & tale3 of arme3, to yow þat, i wot wel, welde3 more sly3t of þat art, bi þe half, or a hu n dreth of seche 1544 as i am, oþ er eu er schal, i n erde þer i leue, hit were a fole fele-folde, my fre, by my trawþe. i will, however, act according to your will, i wolde yowre wylny n g worche at my my3t, as i am hy3ly bihalden, & eu er -more wylle and ever be your servant." 1548 be seruau n t to yo ur -seluen, so saue me dry3tyn!" þ us hy m frayned þat fre, & fondet hy m ofte, forto haf wo n nen hy m to wo3e, what-so scho þo3t elle3, thus gawayne defends himself. bot he de fended hy m so fayr, þat no faut semed, 1552 ne non euel on nawþ er halue, nawþ er þay wysten, bot blysse; þay la3ed & layked longe, at þe last scho con hy m kysse, the lady having kissed the knight, takes leave of him. 1556 hir leue fayre con scho fonge, & went hir waye iwysse. 1 tornayle (?). xvii. gawayne rises, hears mass, and then dines. then ruþes hy m þe renk, & ryses to þe masse, [fol. 112.] & siþen hor din er wat3 dy3t & derely serued. meanwhile the lord pursues the wild boar, 1560 þe lede w i t h þe ladye3 layked alle day, bot þe lorde ou er þe londe3 lau n ced ful ofte, swe3 his vncely swyn, þat swy n ge3 bi þe bonkke3, that bit the backs of his hounds asunder, & bote þe best of his brache3 þe bakke3 i n su n der; 1564 þer he bode i n his bay, tel 1 bawe-men hit breken, & made 2 hym, maw-gref his bed, forto mwe vtt er ; and caused the stiffest of the hunters to start. so felle flone3 per flete, when þe folk gedered; bot 3et þe styffest to start bi stou n de3 he made, 1568 til at þe last he wat3 so mat, he my3t no more re n ne, the boar runs into a hole in a rock by the side of a brook. bot i n þe hast þat he my3t, he to a hole wy n ne3, of a rasse, bi a rokk, þ er re n ne3 þe boerne, he gete þe bonk at his bak, bigy n e3 to scrape, the froth foams at his mouth. 1572 þe froþe femed 3 at his mouth vnfayre bi þe wyke3, whette3 his whyte tusche3; w i t h hy m þe n irked alle þe burne3 so bolde, þat hy m by stoden, none durst approach him, to nye hy m on-ferum, bot ne3e hy m non durst 1576 for woþe; he hade hurt so mony byforne, þat al þu3t 4 þe n ne ful loþe, so many had he torn with his tusks. be more wyth his tusche3 torne, 1580 þat breme wat3 [&] bray n -wod both e . 1 til (?). 2 madee, in ms. 3 fomed (?). 4 þo3t (?). xviii. the knight, seeing the boar at bay, til þe kny3t com hy m -self, kachande his blonk, sy3 hy m byde at þe bay, his burne3 bysyde, alights from his horse, he ly3t es luflych 1 adou n , leue3 his corso ur , 1584 brayde3 out a bry3t bront, & bigly forth stryde3, fou n de3 fast þur3 þe forth, þer þe felle byde3, and seeks to attack him with his sword. þe wylde wat3 war of þe wy3e w i t h weppen i n honde, hef hy3ly þe here, so hett er ly he fnast, 1588 þat fele ferde for þe freke3, 2 lest felle hy m þe worre; the "swine sets out" upon the man, þe swyn sette3 hy m out on þe segge euen, þat þe burne & þe bor were boþe vpon hepe3, in þe wy3t-est of þe wat er , þe worre hade þat oþ er ; who, aiming well, 1592 for þe mon merkke3 hy m wel, as þay mette fyrst, set sadly þe scharp i n þe slot euen, wounds him in the pit of the stomach. hit hy m vp to þe hult, þat þe hert schyndered, & he 3arrande hy m 3elde, & 3edou n 3 þe wat er , 1596 ful tyt; [fol. 112 b .] a hu n dreth hou n de3 hy m hent, the boar is soon bitten to death by a hundred hounds. þat bremely con hy m bite, burne3 hi m bro3t to bent, 1600 & dogge3 to dethe endite. 1 ms. luslych. 2 freke (?). 3 3ede doun (?). xix. then was there blowing of horns there wat3 blawy n g of prys i n mony breme home, he3e halowi n g on hi3e, w i t h haþele3 þat my3t; and baying of hounds. brachetes bayed þat best, as bidden þe mayst er e3, 1604 of þat chargeau n t chace þat were chef hu n tes. one wise in woodcraft begins to unlace the boar. þe n ne a wy3e þat wat3 wys vpon wod crafte3, to vnlace þis bor lufly bigy n ne3; first he hews off the head, then rends him by the back. fyrst he hewes of his hed, & on hi3e sette3, 1608 & syþen rende3 him al rogh e bi þe rygge after, he next removes the bowels, broils them on the ashes, and therewith rewards his hounds. brayde3 out þe boweles, bre n ne3 ho m on glede, with bred blent þer-w i t h his braches rewarde3; syþen he britne3 out þe brawen i n bry3t brode [s]chelde3, then the hastlets are removed. 1612 & hat3 out þe hastlette3, as hi3tly biseme3; the two halves are next bound together and hung upon a pole. & 3et hem halche3 al hole þe halue3 to-geder, & syþen on a stif stange stoutly hem henges. now with þis ilk swyn þay swengen to home; the boar's head is borne before the knight, who hastens home. 1616 þe bores hed wat3 borne bifore þe burnes seluen, þat hi m for-ferde i n þe forþe, þur3 forse of his honde, so stronge; til he se3 s ir gawayne, 1620 i n halle hy m þo3t ful longe, gawayne is called to receive the spoil. he calde, & he com gayn, his fee3 þ er for to fonge. xx. the lord of the land is well pleased when he sees sir gawayne, þe lorde ful lowde w i t h lote, & la3ed myry, 1624 whe n he se3e s ir g: w i t h solace he speke3; þe goude ladye3 were geten, & gedered þe meyny, he shows him the shields of the wild boar, and tells him of its length and breadth. he schewe3 hem þe schelde3, & schapes hem þe tale, of þe largesse, & þe lenþe, þe liþ er ne3 alse, 1628 of þe were of þe wylde swyn, i n wod þer he fled. þat oþ er kny3t ful comly comended his dede3, & praysed hit as gret prys, þat he proued hade; such a "brawn of a beast," sir gawayne says, he never has seen. for suche a brawne of a best, þe bolde burne sayde, 1632 ne such sydes of a swyn, segh he neu er are. þe n ne hondeled þay þe hoge hed, þe hende mo n hit praysed, [fol. 113.] & let lodly þerat þe lorde forte here: gawayne takes possession of it according to covenant, "now gawayn," q uod þe god mon, "þis gomen is yo ur awen, 1636 bi fyn for-warde & faste, faythely 3e knowe." "hit is sothe," q uod þe segge, "& as siker trwe; alle my get i schal yow gif agayn, bi my trawþe." and in return kisses his host, he [hent] þe haþel aboute þe halse, & hendely hy m kysses, 1640 & eft er -sones of þe same he serued hy m þere. "now ar we euen," q uod þe haþel, "in þis euen-tide, of alle þe couenau n tes þat we knyt, syþen i com hider, bi lawe;" who declares his guest to be the best he knows. 1644 þe lorde sayde, "bi saynt gile, 3e ar þe best þat i knowe, 3e ben ryche i n a whyle, such chaffer & 3e drowe." xxi. tables are raised aloft, 1648 þe n ne þay teldet table3 [on] trestes alofte, cloths cast upon them, kesten cloþe3 vpon, clere ly3t þe n ne and torches are lighted. wakned bi wo3e3, waxen torches segge3 sette, & serued i n sale al aboute; with much mirth and glee, 1652 much glam & gle glent vp þ er -i n ne, aboute þe fyre vpon flet, & on fele wyse, supper is served in the hall, at þe soper & aft er , mony aþel songe3, as cou n dutes of kryst-masse, & carole3 newe, 1656 with alle þe man er ly m er þe þ a t mon may of telle. and ever our lovely knight by the lady sits, & eu er oure luflych kny3t þe lady bi-syde; such semblau n t to þat segge semly ho made, who does all she can to please her companion. wyth stille stollen cou n tenau n ce, þat stalworth to plese, 1660 þat al for-wondered wat3 þe wy3e, & wroth w i t h hy m -seluen, bot he nolde not for his nurture nurne hir a-3ayne3, bot dalt w i t h hir al i n daynte, how-se-eu er þe dede turned to wrast; when they had long played in the hall, 1664 quen þay hade played i n halle, as longe as hor wylle hom last, they proceeded "to chamber." to chambre he 1 con hy m calle, & to þe chem-ne þay past. 1 ho (?). xxii. there they drank and discoursed. 1668 ande þer þay dronken, & dalten, & demed eft nwe, to norne on þe same note, on nwe3ere3 euen; gawayne begs leave to depart on the morrow. bot þe kny3t craued leue, to kayre on þe morn, for hit wat3 ne3 at þe terme, þat he to 1 schulde. [fol. 113 b .] 1672 þe lorde hy m letted of þat, to lenge hy m resteyed, his host swears to him, & sayde, "as i am trwe segge, i siker my trawþe, that he shall come to the green chapel on new year's morn long before prime. þ o u schal cheue to þe grene chapel, þy charres to make, leude, on nw3ere3 ly3t, longe bifore pryme: 1676 for-þy þow lye i n þy loft, & lach þyn ese, & i schal hu n t in þis holt, & halde þe towche3, chau n ge wyth þe cheuisau n ce, bi þat i charre hider; for i haf fraysted þe twys, & faythful i fynde þe, 1680 now þrid tyme þrowe best þenk on þe morne, make we mery quyl we may, & my n ne vpon ioye, for þe lur may mon lach, when so mon lyke3." þis wat3 grayþely grau n ted, & gawayn is lenged, our knight consents to remain for another night. 1684 bliþe bro3t wat3 hym drynk, & þay to bedde 3eden, w i t h li3t; full still and softly he sleeps all night. s ir g: lis & slepes, ful stille & softe al ni3t; early in the morning the lord is up. 1688 þe lorde þat his crafte3 kepes, ful erly he wat3 di3t. 1 te (?). xxiii. after mass, a morsel he take with his men. aft er messe a morsel 1 he & his men token, miry wat3 þe morny n g, his mou n ture he askes; then were all on their horses before the hall-gates. 1692 alle þe haþeles þat on horse schulde helden hy m aft er , were bou n busked on hor blonkke3, bi-fore 2 þe halle 3ate3; it was a clear frosty morning. ferly fayre wat3 þe folde, for þe forst clenged, i n rede rudede vpon rak rises þe su n ne, the hunters, dispersed by a wood's side, 1696 & ful clere coste3 3 þe clowdes of þe welkyn. hu n teres vnhardeled bi a holt syde, rocheres rou n gen bi rys, for rurde of her hornes; come upon the track of a fox, su m me fel i n þe fute, þer þe fox bade, 1700 trayle3 ofte a trayt er es 4 , bi trau n t of her wyles; a kenet kryes þerof, þe hu n t on hy m calles, his fela3es fallen hy m to, þ a t fnasted ful þike, which is followed up by the hounds. ru n nen forth i n a rabel, i n his ry3t fare; 1704 & he fyske3 hem by-fore, þay fou n den hy m sone, they soon get sight of the game, & quen þay segh e hy m wit h sy3t, þay sued hy m fast, wre3ande h[y m ] ful [w]eterly with a wroth noyse; and pursue him through many a rough grove. & he trantes & tornayee3 þur3 mony tene greue; 1708 hamlou n e3, & herkene3, bi hegge3 ful ofte; [fol. 114.] the fox at last leaps over a spinny, at þe last bi a littel dich he lepe3 ou er a spe n né, stele3 out ful stilly bi a strothe rande, and by a rugged path seeks to get clear from the hounds. went haf wylt of þe wode, w i t h wyle3 fro þe hou n des, 1712 þe n ne wat3 he went, er he wyst, to 5 a wale tryst er , he comes upon one of the hunting stations, where he is attacked by the dogs. þer þre þro at a þrich þrat hy m at ones, al graye; however, he slips them, he blenched a3ayn bilyue, 1716 & stifly start onstray, with alle þe wo on lyue, and makes again for the wood. to þe wod he went away. 1 ms. nnorsel. 2 bi-forere, in ms. 3 caste3 (?). 4 trayveres (?). 5 to to, in ms. xxiv. then was it fine sport to listen to the hounds, the n ne wat3 hit lif vpon list to lyþen þe hou n de3, 1720 when alle þe mute hade hy m met, menged to-geder, suche a sor3e at þat sy3t þay sette on his hede, as alle þe clamberande clyffes hade clat er ed on hepes; and the hallooing of the hunters. here he wat3 halawed, when haþele3 hy m metten, 1724 loude he wat3 3ayned, w i t h 3arande speche; there the fox was threatened and called a thief. þer he wat3 þreted, & ofte þef called, & ay þe titleres at his tayl, þat tary he ne my3t; ofte he wat3 ru n nen at, when he out rayked, but reynard was wily, 1728 & ofte reled i n a3ayn, so reniarde wat3 wylé. and led them astray over mounts. & 3e he lad hem bi lag, mon, þe lorde & his meyny; on þis man er bi þe mou n tes, quyle myd, ou er , vnder, meanwhile the knight at home soundly sleeps within his comely curtains. whyle þe hende kny3t at home holsu m ly slepe3, 1732 with-i n ne þe comly corty n es, on þe colde morne. bot þe lady for luf let not to slepe, ne þe purpose to payre, þat py3t i n hir hert, bot ros hir vp radly, rayked hir þeder, the lady of the castle, clothed in a rich mantle, 1736 in a mery mantyle, mete to þe erþe, þat wat3 furred ful fyne w i t h felle3, wel pured, no hwe3 goud on hir hede, bot þe ha3er stones trased aboute hir tresso ur , be twenty i n clust er es; her throat and bosom all bare, 1740 hir þryuen face & hir þrote þrowen al naked, hir brest bare bifore, & bihinde eke. comes to gawayne's chamber, ho come3 w i t h -i n ne þe chambre dore, & closes hit hir aft er , opens a window, and says, wayne3 1 vp a wyndow, & on þe wy3e calle3, 1744 & radly þ us re-hayted hy m , w i t h hir riche worde3, w i t h 2 chere; "ah! man, how canst thou sleep, "a! mon, how may þ o u slepe, [fol. 114 b .] this morning is so clear?" þis morni n g is so clere?" 1748 he wat3 i n drowpi n g depe, bot þe n ne he con hir here. 1 wayue3(?). 2 bi, à sec. manu. xxv. the knight was then dreaming of his forthcoming adventure at the green chapel. in dre3 droupy n g of dreme draueled þat noble, as mon þat wat3 in morny n g of mony þro þo3tes, 1752 how þat destiné schulde þat day [dy3t] his wyrde, at þe grene chapel, when he þe gome metes, & bi-houes his buffet abide, with-oute debate more; he awakes and speaks to his fair visitor, bot quen þat comly he keu er ed his wyttes, 1756 swenges out of þe sweuenes, & sware3 w i t h hast. þe lady luflych com la3ande swete, who sweetly kisses him. felle ou er his fayre face, & fetly hi m kyssed; he welcu m e3 hir worþily, with a wale chere; 1760 he se3 hir so glorio us , & gayly atyred, so fautles of hir fetures, & of so fyne hewes, great joy warms the heart of sir gawayne, wi3t wallande ioye warmed his hert; w i t h smoþe smyly n g & smolt þay smeten i n -to m er þe, 1764 þat al wat3 blis & bonchef, þat breke hem bi-twene, & wy n ne, þay lanced wordes gode, much wele þe n wat3 þ er -i n ne, and "great peril between them stood." 1768 gret p er ile bi-twene hem stod, nif mare of hir kny3t my n ne. xxvi. the knight is sorely pressed. for þat prynce of pris de-presed hy m so þikke. nurned hy m so ne3e þe þred, þat nede hy m bi-houed, 1772 oþ er lach þer hir luf, oþ er lodly re-fuse; he cared for his cortaysye, lest craþayn he were, he fears lest he should become a traitor to his host. & more for his meschef, 3if he schulde make sy n ne, & be traytor to þat tolke, þat þ a t telde a3t. 1776 "god schylde," q uod þe schalk, "þat schal not be-falle!" w i t h luf-la3y ng a lyt, he layd hy m by-syde alle þe speche3 of specialté þat sprange of her mouthe. q uod þat burde to þe burne, "blame 3e disserue, 1780 3if 3e luf not þat lyf þat 3e lye nexte, bifore alle þe wy3e3 i n þe worlde, wou n ded i n hert, the lady inquire whether he has a mistress that he loves better than her. bot if 3e haf a le m man, a leu er , þat yow lyke3 bett er , & folden fayth to þat fre, festned so harde, [fol. 115.] 1784 þat yow lausen ne lyst, & þat i leue nouþe; and þat 3e telle me þat, now trwly i pray yow, for alle þe lufe3 vpon lyue, layne not þe soþe, for gile." sir gawayne swears by st. john that he neither has nor desires one. 1788 þe kny3t sayde, "be sayn ion," & smeþely con he smyle, "in fayth i welde ri3t non, ne non wil welde þe quile." xxvii. 1792 "þat is a worde," q uod þat wy3t, "þat worst is of alle, bot i am swared for soþe, þat sore me þinkke3; she then kisses him, sighing for sorrow. kysse me now coraly, & i schal cach heþen, i may bot mo ur ne vpon molde, as may þat much louyes." 1796 sykande ho swe3e dou n , & semly hy m kyssed, & siþen ho seu e res hy m fro, & says as ho stondes, "now, dere, at þis de-party n g, do me þis ese, she desires some gift, gif me sumquat of þy gifte, þi gloue if 1 hit were, by which to remember him. 1800 þat i may my n ne on þe mon, my mo ur ny n g to lassen." "now iwysse," q uod þat wy3e, "i wolde i hade here þe leuest þi n g for þy luf, þat i in londe welde, gawayne tells her that she is worthy of a better gift than he can bestow. for 3e haf deserued, forsoþe, sellyly ofte 1804 more rewarde bi resou n , þe n i reche my3t, bot to dele yow for drurye, þ a t dawed bot neked; hit is not yo ur hono ur to haf at þis tyme a gloue for a garysou n , of gawayne3 gifte3, 1808 & i am here [on] an erande i n erde3 vncouþe, he has no men with mails containing precious things. & haue no me n wyth no male3, w i t h menskful þi n ge3; þat mislyke3 me, ladé, for luf at þis tyme, 2 iche tolke mon do as he is tan, tas to non ille, 1812 ne pine." then says that lovesome, "nay, hende of hy3e hono ur s," q uod þat lufsu m vnder lyne, "though i had nought of yours, yet should ye have of mine." "þa3 i hade o3t 3 of yo ur e3, 1816 3et schulde 3e haue of myne." 1 of, in ms. 2 tyne, in ms. 3 no3t (?). xxviii. she offers him a gold ring, ho ra3t hy m a riche rynk 1 of red golde werke3, wyth a starande ston, stondande alofte, þat bere blusschande beme3 as þe bry3t su n ne; 1820 wyt 3e wel, hit wat3 worth wele ful hoge. but he refuses to accept it, bot þe renk hit renayed, & redyly he sayde, [fol. 115 b .] "i wil no gifte3 for gode, my gay, at þis tyme; as he has none to give in return. i haf none yow to norne, ne no3t wyl i take." 1824 ho bede hit hy m ful bysily, & he hir bode wernes, & swere swyftel[y] his sothe, þat he hit sese nolde; very sorrowful was that fair one on account of his refusal. & ho sore þat he forsoke, & sayde þ er -after, "if 3e renay my rynk, to ryche for hit seme3, 1828 3e wolde not so hy3ly halden be to me, i schal gif yow my girdel, þat gaynes yow lasse." ho la3t a lace ly3tly, þat 2 leke vmbe hir syde3, she takes off her "girdle," knit vpon hir kyrtel, vnder þe clere mantyle, 1832 gered hit wat3 w i t h grene sylke, & w i t h golde schaped, no3t bot arou n de brayden, beten w i t h fyngre3; & þat ho bede to þe burne, & blyþely bi-so3t and beseeches him to take it. þa3 hit vn-worþi were, þat he hit take wolde. 1836 & he nay þat he nolde negh e i n no wyse, gawayne again refuses to accept anything, nauþer golde ne garysou n , er god hy m g ra ce sende, to acheue to þe chau n ce þat he hade chosen þere. "& þerfore, i pray yow, displese yow no3t, 1840 & lette3 be yo ur bisinesse, for i bayþe hit yow neu er to grau n te; i am derely to yow biholde, bi-cause of yo ur sembelau n t, but promises, "ever in hot and in cold, to be her true servant." 1844 & eu er i n hot & colde to be yo ur trwe seruau n t. 1 ryng (?). 2 þat þat, in ms. xxix. "do you refuse it," says the lady, because it is simple? "now forsake 3e þis silke." sayde þe burde þe n ne, "for hit is symple i n hit-self. & so hit wel seme3? 1848 lo! so hit is littel, & lasse hit is worþy; whoso knew the virtues that it possesses, would highly prize it. bot who-so knew þe costes þat knit ar þer-i n ne, he wolde hit prayse at more prys, parauenture; for he who is girded with this green lace, for quat gome so is gorde w i t h þis grene lace, 1852 while he hit hade hemely halched aboute, þer is no haþel vnder heuen to-hewe hym þat my3t; cannot be wounded or slain." for he my3t not he slayn, for sly3t vpon erþe." þe n kest þe kny3t, & hit come to his hert, the knight thinks of his adventure at the green chapel. 1856 hit were a iuel for þe iopardé, þat hy m iugged were, when he acheued to þe chapel, his chek forto fech; the lady presses him to accept the lace. my3 1 he haf slypped to þe vn-slayn, þe sle3t were noble. [fol. 116.] þe n ne ho þulged with hir þrepe, & þoled hir to speke, 1860 & ho bere on hy m þe belt, & bede hit hy m swyþe, he consents not only to take the girdle, but to keep the possession of it a secret. & he g ra nted, & [ho] hy m gafe with a goud wylle, & biso3t hy m , for hir sake, disceu er hit neu er , bot to lelly layne for 2 hir lorde; þe leude hy m acorde3. 1864 þat neu er wy3e schulde hit wyt, iwysse, bot þay twayne, for no3te; he þonkked hir oft ful swyþe, ful þro w i t h hert & þo3t. by that time the lady has kissed him thrice. 1868 bi þat on þry n ne syþe, he hat3 kyst þe kny3t so to3t. 1 my3t (?). 2 fro (?). xxx. then she takes her leave. the n ne lachche3 ho hir leue, & leue3 hy m þere, for more myrþe of þat mon mo3t ho not gete; gawayne then dresses himself, 1872 when ho 1 wat3 gon, s ir g. gere3 hy m sone, rises, & riches hy m i n araye noble, and conceals the love-lace about his person. lays vp þe luf-lace, þe lady hy m ra3t, hid hit ful holdely, þ er he hit eft fonde; 1876 syþe n cheuely to þe chapel choses he þe waye, he then hies to mass, preuely aproched to a prest, & prayed hy m þere þat he wolde lyfte 2 his lyf, & lern hy m bett er , how his sawle schulde be saued, when he schuld seye heþe n . and shrives him of his misdeeds. 1880 þere he schrof hy m schyrly, & schewed his mysdede3, of þe more & þe my n ne, & m er ci beseche3, and prays for absolution. & of absoluciou n he on þe segge calles; & he asoyled hy m surely, & sette hy m so clene, he returns to the hall, and makes himself so merry among the ladies, 1884 as dome3-day schulde haf ben di3t on þe morn. & syþen he mace hy m as mery amo n g þe fre ladyes, with comely carols, w i t h comlych caroles, & alle ky n nes ioye, as neu er he did bot þat daye, to þe derk ny3t, 1888 w i t h blys; vche mon hade daynte þare, that they said, of hy m , & sayde iwysse, "thus merry was he never before since hither he came." þ us myry he wat3 neu er are, 1892 syn he com hider, er þis. 1 he, in ms. 2 lyste (?). xxxi. gawayne's host is still in the field. now hy m lenge i n þat lee, þ er luf hy m bi-tyde; 3et is þe lorde on þe lau n de, ledande his gomnes, he has destroyed the fox. he hat3 forfaren þis fox, þ a t he fol3ed longe; 1896 as he sprent ou er a spe n né, to spye þe schrewe, [fol. 116 b .] þer as he herd þe howndes, þat hasted hy m swyþe, he spied reynard coming through a "rough grove," renaud com richchande þur3 a ro3e greue, & alle þe rabel i n a res, ry3t at his hele3. and tried to hit him with his sword. 1900 þe wy3e wat3 war of þe wylde, & warly abides, & brayde3 out þe bry3t bronde, & at þe best caste3; & he schu n t for þe scharp, & schulde haf arered, the fox "shunts," and is seized by one of the dogs. a rach rapes hy m to, ry3t er he my3t, 1904 & ry3t bifore þe hors fete þay fel on hy m alle, & woried me þis wyly wyth a wroth noyse. the lord takes him out of the hound's mouth. þe lorde ly3te3 bilyue, & cache3 by 1 sone, rased hy m ful radly out of þe rach mouþes, 1908 halde3 he3e ou er his hede, halowe3 faste, & þ er bayen hy m mony bray 2 hou n de3; hunters hasten thither with horns full many. hu n tes hy3ed hem þeder, w i t h horne3 ful mony, ay re-chatande ary3t til þay þe renk se3en; 1912 bi þat wat3 comen his compeyny noble, alle þat eu er ber bugle blowed at ones, it was the merriest meet that ever was heard. & alle þise oþ er halowed, þat hade no hornes, hit wat3 þe myriest mute þat eu er me n herde, 1916 þe rich rurd þat þ er wat3 raysed for renaude saule, w i t h lote; the hounds are rewarded, hor hou n de3 þay þ er rewarde, her 3 hede3 þay fawne & frote, and then they take reynard and "turn off his coat." 1920 & syþen þay tan reynarde, & tyrnen of his cote. 1 hy m (?). 2 braþ (?). 3 her her, in ms. xxxii. the hunters then hasten home. & þe n ne þay helden to home, for hit wat3 nie3 ny3t, strakande ful stoutly i n hor store horne3; the lord at last alights at his dear home, 1924 þe lorde is ly3t at þe laste at hys lef home, fynde3 fire vpon flet, þe freke þ er by-side, sir gawayn þe gode, þat glad wat3 w i t h alle, where he finds gawayne amusing the ladies. amo n g þe ladies for luf he ladde much ioye, 1928 he were a bleau n t of blwe, þat bradde to þe erþe, his surkot semed hy m wel, þat softe wat3 forred, & his hode of þat ilke henged on his schulder, the knight comes forward and welcomes his host, blande al of blau n ner were boþe al aboute. 1932 he mete3 me þis god mon i n mydde3 þe flore, & al with gomen he hy m gret, & goudly he sayde, "i schal fylle vpon fyrst oure forwarde3 nouþe, [fol. 117.] þat we spedly han spoken, þer spared wat3 no drynk;" and according to covenant kisses him thrice. 1936 þen acoles he [þe] kny3t, & kysses hy m þryes, (see l. 1868.) as sauerly & sadly as he hem sette couþe. "by christ," says the other, "ye have had much bliss!" "bi kryst," q uod þat oþ er kny3t, "3e cach much sele, i n cheuisau n ce of þis chaffer, 3if 3e hade goud chepe3." 1940 "3e of þe chepe no charg," q uod chefly þat oþ er , "as is pertly payed þe chepe3 þat i a3te." "mary," q uod þat oþ er mon, "myn is bi-hynde, i have hunted all day and have gotten nothing, for i haf hu n ted al þis day, & no3t haf i geten, but the skin of this foul fox, 1944 bot þis foule fox felle, þe fende haf þe gode3, a poor reward for three such kisses." & þat is ful pore, for to pay for suche prys þi n ges, as 3e haf þry3t me here, þro suche þre cosses, so gode." 1948 "i-no3," q uod s ir gawayn, "i þonk yow, bi þe rode;" he then tells him how the fox was slain. & how þe fox wat3 slayn, he tolde hy m , as þay stode. xxxiii. with much mirth and minstrelsy they made merry, 1952 with m er þe & mynstralsye, wyth mete3 at hor wylle, þay maden as mery as any me n mo3ten, w i t h la3y n g of ladies, w i t h lote3 of bordes; gawayn & þe gode mo n so glad were þay boþe, 1956 bot if þe douthe had doted, oþ er dronken ben oþ er , boþe þe mon & þe meyny maden mony iape3, until the time came for them to part. til þe sesou n wat3 se3en, þat þay seu er moste; burne3 to hor bedde be-houed at þe laste. gawayne takes leave of his host. 1960 þe n ne lo3ly his leue at þe lorde fyrst fochche3 þis fre mon, & fayre he hy m þonkke3; and thanks him for his happy "sojourn." "of such a sellyly 1 soiorne, as i haf hade here, yo ur hono ur , at þis hy3e fest, þe hy3e ky n g yow 3elde! 1964 i 3ef yow me for on of yo ur e3, if yowre-self lyke3, for i mot nedes, as 3e wot, meue to morne; he asks for a man to teach him the way to the green chapel. & 3e me take su m tolke, to teche, as 3e hy3t, þe gate to þe grene chapel, as god wyl me suffer 1968 to dele, on nw3ere3 day, þe dome of my wyrdes." "in god fayþe," q uod þe god mon. "wyth a goud wylle; al þat eu er i yow hy3t, halde schal i rede." a servant is assigned to him, þer asy n gnes he a seruau n t, to sett hy m i n þe waye, [fol. 117 b .] 1972 & cou n due hy m by þe downe3, þat he no drechch had, for to f[e]rk þur3 þe fryth, & fare at þe gaynest, bi greue. þe lorde gawayn con þonk, 1976 such worchip he wolde hy m weue; and then he takes leave of the ladies, þe n at þo ladye3 wlonk. þe kny3t hat3 tan his leue. 1 selly (?). xxxiv. kissing them sorrowfully. with care & wyth kyssy n g he carppe3 hem tille, 1980 & fele þryuande þonkke3 he þrat hom to haue, & þay 3elden hy m a3ay[n] 3eply þat ilk; they commend him to christ. þay bikende hy m to kryst, w i t h ful colde syky n ge3. he then departs, thanking each one he meets "for his service and solace." syþen fro þe meyny he menskly de-partes; 1984 vche mon þat he mette, he made hem a þonke, for his seruyse, & his solace, & his sere pyne, þat þay wyth busynes had ben, aboute hy m to serue; & vche segge as sore, to seu er w i t h hy m þere, 1988 as þay hade wonde worþyly w i t h þat wlonk eu er . he retires to rest but sleeps but little, þe n w i t h ledes & ly3t he wat3 ladde to his chambre, & blybely bro3t to his bedde, to be at his rest; 3if he ne slepe sou n dyly, say ne dar i, for much has he to think of on the morrow. 1992 for he hade muche on þe morn to my n ne, 3if he wolde, in þo3t; let him there lie still. let hy m ly3e þere stille, he hat3 1 nere þat he so3t, be still awhile, and i shall tell how they wrought. 1996 & 3e wyl a whyle be stylle, i schal telle yow how þay wro3t. 1 wat3 (?). [fytte the fourth.] i. new year's day approaches. now ne3e3 þe nw3ere, & þe ny3t passe3, þe day dryue3 to þe derk, as dry3tyn bidde3; the weather is stormy. 2000 bot wylde wedere3 of þe worlde wakned þeroute, clowdes kesten kenly þe colde to þe erþe, wyth ny3e 1 in-nogh e of þe norþe, þe naked to tene; snow falls. þe snawe snitered ful snart, þat snayped þe wylde; 2004 þe werbelande wynde wapped fro þe hy3e, the dales are full of drift. & drof vche dale ful of dryftes ful grete. þe leude lystened ful wel, þat le3 i n his bedde, gawayne in his bed hears each cock that crows. þa3 he lowke3 his lidde3, ful lyttel he slepes; 2008 bi vch kok þat crue, he knwe wel þe steuen. [fol. 118.] de-liu er ly he dressed vp, er þe day sprenged, for þere wat3 ly3t of a lau[m]pe, þat lemed i n his chambre; he calls for his chamberlain, and bids him bring him his armour. he called to his chamberlayn, þat cofly hy m swared, 2012 & bede hy m bry n g hy m his bruny, & his blonk sadel; þat oþ er ferke3 hy m vp, & feche3 hy m his wede3, & grayþe3 me s ir gawayn vpon a grett wyse. fyrst he clad hy m i n his cloþe3, þe colde for to were; 2016 & syþen his oþ er harnays, þat holdely wat3 keped, boþe his pau n ce, & his plate3, piked ful clene, men knock off the rust from his rich habergeon. þe ry n ge3 2 rokked of þe roust, of his riche bruny; & al wat3 fresch as vpon fyrst, & he wat3 fayn þe n ne 2020 to þonk; he hade vpon vche pece, wypped ful wel & wlonk; the knight then calls for his steed. þe gayest i n to grece, 2024 þe burne bede bry n g his blonk. 1 nywe (?). 2 rynke3 (?). ii. while he clothed himself in his rich weeds, whyle þe wlonkest wedes he warp on hy m -seluen; his cote, wyth be conysau n ce of þe clere werke3, ennurned vpon veluet v er tuu us 1 stone3, 2028 aboute beten, & bou n den, enbrauded seme3, & fayre furred w i t h -i n ne wyth fayre pelures. he forgot not the "lace," the lady's gift, 3et laft he not þe lace, þe ladie3 gifte, þat for-gat not gawayn, for gode of hy m -seluen; 2032 bi he hade belted þe bronde vpon his bal3e hau n che3, but with it doubly girded his loins. þe n n dressed he his drurye double hy m aboute; swyþe sweþled vmbe his swange swetely, þat kny3t, þe gordel of þe grene silke, þat gay wel bisemed, 2036 vpon þat ryol red cloþe, þat ryche wat3 to schewe. he wore it not for its rich ornaments, bot wered not þis ilk wy3e for wele þis gordel, for pryde of þe pendau n te3, þa3 polyst þay were, & þa3 þe glyt er ande golde glent vpon ende3, "but to save himself when it behoved him to suffer." 2040 bot forto sau en hy m -self, when suffer hy m by-houed, to byde bale w i t h -oute dabate, of bronde hy m to were, oþ er knyffe; bi þat þe bolde mon bou n , 2044 wy n ne3 þeroute bilyue, all the renowned assembly he thanks full oft. alle þe meyny of renou n , he þonkke3 ofte ful ryue. 1 v er tuo us (?). iii. [fol. 118 b .] then was gringolet arrayed, the n ne wat3 gryngolet grayþe, þat gret wat3 & huge, 2048 & hade ben soio ur ned sau er ly, & i n a siker wyse, full ready to prick on. hy m lyst prik for poy n t, þat proude hors þe n ne; þe wy3e wy n ne3 hy m to, & wyte3 on his lyre, & sayde soberly hy m -self, & by his soth swere3, 2052 "here is a meyny i n þis mote, þat on menske þenkke3, gawayne returns thanks for the honour and kindness shown to him by all. þe mon hem maynteines, ioy mot þay haue; þe leue lady, on lyue luf hir bityde; 3if þay for charyté cherysen a gest, 2056 & halden hono ur i n her honde, þe haþel he m 3elde, þat halde3 þe heuen vpon hy3e, & also yow alle! & 3if i my3t lyf vpon londe lede any quyle, i schuld rech yow su m rewarde redyly, if i my3t." he then steps into his saddle, 2060 þe n n steppe3 he i n -to stirop, & stryde3 alofte; his schalk schewed hy m his schelde, on schulder he hit la3t, gorde3 to gryngolet, w i t h his gilt hele3, and "starts on the stone" without more delay. & he starte3 on þe ston, stod he no lenger, 2064 to prau n ce; his haþel on hors wat3 þe n ne, þat bere his spere & lau n ce. "this castle to christ i commend; may he give it ever good chance!" "þis kastel to kryst i ke n ne, 2068 he gef hit ay god chau n ce!" iv. the gates are soon opened. the brygge wat3 brayde dou n , & þe brode 3ate3 vnbarred, & born open, vpon boþe halue; the knight passes thereout, þe burne blessed hy m bilyue, & þe brede3 passed; 2072 prayses þe porter, bifore þe prynce kneled, gef hym god & goud day, þat gawayn he saue; and goes on his way accompanied by his guide. & went on his way, w i t h his wy3e one, þat schulde teche hy m to to ur ne to þat tene place, 2076 þer þe ruful race he schulde re-sayue. þay bo3en bi bonkke3, þ er bo3e3 ar bare, they climb by cliffs, þay clomben bi clyffe3, þer clenge3 þe colde; þe heuen wat3 vp halt, bot vgly þer vnder, 2080 mist muged on þe mor, malt on þe mou n te3, where each "hill had a hat and a mist-cloak," vch hille hade a hatte, a myst-hakel huge; broke3 byled, & breke, bi bonkke3 aboute, schyre schat er ande on schore3, þ er þay dou n schowued. [fol. 119.] 2084 welawylle wat3 þe way, þer þay bi wod schulden, until daylight. til hit wat3 sone sesou n , þat þe su n ne ryses, þat tyde; they were then on a "hill full high." þay were on a hille ful hy3e, 2088 þe quyte snaw lay bisyde; the servant bade his master abide, saying, þe burne þat rod hy m by bede his mayster abide. v. "i have brought you hither, "for i haf wo n nen yow hider, wy3e, at þis tyme, 2092 & now nar 3e not fer fro þat note place, ye are not now far from the noted place. þat 3e han spied & spuryed so specially aft er ; bot i schal say yow for soþe, syþen i yow knowe, & 3e ar a lede vpon lyue, þat i wel louy, 2096 wolde 3e worch bi my wytte, 3e worþed þe bett er . full perilous is it esteemed. þe place þat 3e prece to, ful perelo us is halden; the lord of that 'waste' is stiff and stern. þer wone3 a wy3e i n þat waste, þe worst vpon erþe; for he is stiffe, & sturne, & to strike louies, 2100 & more he is þe n any mon vpon myddelerde, his body is bigger 'than the best four in arthur's house.' & his body bigger þe n þe best fowre. þat ar i n arþure3 ho us , hestor 1 oþ er oþ er . he cheue3 þat chau n ce at þe chapel grene; none passes by the green chapel, 'that he does not ding to death with dint of his hand.' 2104 þer passes non bi þat place, so proude i n his armes, þat he ne dy n ne3 hy m to deþe, w i t h dynt of his honde; for he is a mon methles, & mercy non vses, for be it churl or chaplain, monk, mass-priest, 'or any man else,' he kills them all. for be hit chorle, oþ er chaplayn, þat bi þe chapel rydes, 2108 monk, oþ er masse-prest, oþ er any mon elles, h ym þynk as queme hy m to quelle, as quyk go hy m seluen. for-þy i say þe as soþe as 3e i n sadel sitte, com 3e þere, 3e be kylled, [i] may þe kny3t rede, 2112 trawe 3e me þat trwely, þa3 3e had twenty lyues to spende; he has lived there full long. he hat3 wonyd here ful 3ore, on bent much baret bende, against his dints sore ye may not defend you. 2116 a3ayn his dynte3 sore, 3e may not yow defende." 1 hector (?). vi. wherefore, good sir gawayne, let this man alone. "for-þy, goude s ir gawayn, let þe gome one, & got3 a-way su m oþ er gate; vpon godde3 halue; go by some other region, 2120 cayre3 bi su m oþ er kyth, þer kryst mot yow spede; & i schal hy3 me hom a3ayn, & hete yow fyrre, [fol. 119 b .] i swear by god and all his saints, that i will never say that ever ye attempted to flee from any man." þat i schal swere bi god, & alle his gode hal3e3, as help me god & þe halydam, & oþe3 i n -nogh e , 2124 þat i schal lelly yow layne, & lance neu er tale, þat eu er 3e fondet to fle, for freke þat i wyst." "g ra nt m er ci;" q uod gawayn, & gruchy ng he sayde, "wel worth þe wy3e, þat wolde3 my gode, 2128 & þat lelly me layne, i leue wel þ o u wolde3! gawayne replies that to shun this danger would mark him as a "coward knight." bot helde þ o u hit neu er so holde, & i here passed, fou n ded for ferde for to fle, i n fo ur me þat þ o u telle3, i were a kny3t kowarde, i my3t not 1 be excused. to the chapel, therefore, he will go, 2132 bot i wy1 to þe chape1, for chau n ce þat may falle, & talk wyth þat ilk tulk þe tale þat me lyste, worþe hit wele, oþ er wo, as þe wyrde lyke3 hit hafe; though the owner thereof were a stern knave. 2136 þa3e he be a sturn knape, to sti3tel, & 2 stad w i t h staue, "full well can god devise his servants for to save." ful wel con dry3tyn schape, his seruau n te3 forto saue." 1 mot, in ms. 2 & &, in ms. vii. "mary!" quoth the other, "since it pleases thee to lose thy life, 2140 "mary!" q uod þat oþ er mon, "now þ o u so much spelle3, þat þ o u wylt þyn awen nye nyme to þy-seluen, & þe lyst lese þy lyf, þe lette i ne kepe; take thy helmet on thy head, and thy spear in thy hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, haf here þi helme on þy hede, þi spere i n þi honde, 2144 & ryde me dou n þis ilk rake, bi 3on rokke syde, till thou come to the bottom of the valley; til þ o u be bro3t to þe boþem of þe brem valay; look a little to the left, þe n ne loke a littel on þe lau n de, on þi lyfte honde, and thou shalt see the chapel itself and the man that guards it." & þ o u schal se i n þat slade þe self chapel, 2148 & þe borelych burne on bent, þat hit kepe3. now fare3 wel on gode3 half, gawayn þe noble, for alle þe golde vpon grou n de i nolde go with þe, ne bere þe fela3schip þur3 þis fryth on fote fyrre." having thus spoken the guide takes leave of the knight. 2152 bi þat þe wy3e i n þe wod wende3 his brydel, hit þe hors w i t h þe hele3, as harde as he my3t, lepe3 hy m ou er þe lau n de, & leue3 þe kny3t þere, al one. "by god's self," says sir gawayne, "i will neither weep nor groan. 2156 "bi godde3 self," q uod gawayn, "i wyl nauþ er grete ne grone, to god's will i am full ready." to godde3 wylle i am ful bayn, & to hy m i haf me tone." viii. [fol. 120.] then he pursues his journey, 2160 the n ne gyrde3 he to gryngolet, & gedere3 þe rake, schowue3 i n bi a schore, at a scha3e syde, rides through the dale, and looks about. ride3 þur3 þe ro3e bonk, ry3t to þe dale; & þe n ne he wayted hy m aboute, & wylde hit hy m þo3t, he sees no sign of a resting-place, but only high and steep banks. 2164 & se3e no sy n gne of resette, bisyde3 nowhere, bot hy3e bonkke3 & brent, vpon boþe halue, & ru3e knokled knarre3, w i t h knorned stone3; þe skwe3 of þe scowtes skayued 1 hy m þo3t. 2168 þe n ne he houed, & wyth-hylde his hors at þat tyde, & ofte chau n ged his cher, þe chapel to seche; no chapel could he discern. he se3 non suche i n no syde, & selly hy m þo3t, sone a lyttel on a lau n de, a lawe as hit we[re]; at last he sees a hill by the side of a stream; 2172 a bal3 ber3, bi a bonke, þe bry m me by-syde, bi a for3 of a flode, þ a t ferked þare; þe borne blubred þer-i n ne, as hit boyled hade. thither he goes, þe kny3t kache3 his caple, & com to þe lawe, alights and fastens his horse to a branch of a tree. 2176 li3te3 dou n luflyly, & at a lynde tache3 þe rayne, & his riche, with a ro3e brau n che; he walks around the hill, debating with himself what it might be, þe n [n]e he bo3e3 to þe ber3e, aboute hit he walke, d[e]batande w i th hy m -self, quat hit be my3t. 2180 hit hade a hole on þe ende, & on ayþer syde, & ou er -growen w i t h gresse i n glodes ay where, & al wat3 hol3 i n -w i t h , nobot an olde caue, and at last finds an old cave in the crag. or a creuisse of an olde cragge, he couþe hit no3t deme 2184 w i t h spelle, "we, 2 lorde," q uod þe gentyle kny3t, "wheþer þis be þe grene chapelle; he prays that about midnight he may tell his matins. he my3t aboute myd-ny3t, 2188 [þ]e dele his maty n nes telle!" 1 skayned (?). 2 wel (?). ix. "truly," says sir gawayne, "a desert is here, "now i-wysse," q uod wowayn, "wysty is here; þis oritore is vgly, w i t h erbe3 ou er -growen; a fitting place for the man in green to 'deal here his devotions in devil fashion.' wel biseme3 þe wy3e wruxled i n grene 2192 dele here his deuociou n , on þe deuele3 wyse; now i fele hit is þe fende, i n my fyue wytte3, þat hat3 stoken me þis steuen, to strye me here; it is most cursed kirk that ever i entered." þis is a chapel of meschau n ce, þat chekke hit by-tyde, 2196 hit is þe corsedest kyrk, þat eu er i com i n ne!" [fol. 120 b .] with he3e helme on his hede, his lau n ce i n his honde, roaming about he hears a loud noise, he rome3 vp to þe rokke of þo ro3 wone3; þene herde he of þat hy3e hil, i n a harde roche, from beyond the brook. 2200 bi3onde þe broke, i n a bonk, a wonder breme noyse, it clattered like the grinding of a scythe on a grindstone. quat! hit clat er ed i n þe clyff, as hit cleue schulde, as one vpon a gryndelston hade grou n den a syþe; it whirred like a mill-stream. what! hit wharred, & whette, as wat er at a mulne, 2204 what! hit rusched, & ronge, rawþe to here. þe n ne "bi godde," q uod gawayn, "þat gere as 1 i trowe, is ryched at þe reu er ence, me renk to mete, bi rote; 2208 let god worche we loo, "though my life i forgo," says the knight, "no noise shall terrify me." hit helppe3 me not a mote, my lif þa3 i for-goo, drede dot3 me no lote." 1 at, in ms. x. then cried he aloud, 2212 the n ne þe kny3t con calle ful hy3e, "who dwells here discourse with me to hold?" "who sti3tle3 i n þis sted, me steuen to holde? now is the good gawayne going aright for now is gode gawayn goande ry3t here, if any wy3e o3t wyl wy n ne hider fast, 2216 oþ er now, oþ er neu er , his nede3 to spede." he hears a voice commanding him to abide where he is. "abyde," q uod on on þe bonke, abouen ou er his hede, "& þ o u schal haf al i n hast, þat i þe hy3t ones." 3et he rusched on þat rurde, rapely a þrowe, 2220 & wyth quetty n g a-wharf, er he wolde ly3t; soon there comes out of a hole, with a fell weapon, & syþen he keu er e3 bi a cragge, & come3 of a hole, whyrlande out of a wro, wyth a felle weppen, a danish axe, quite new, a dene3 ax nwe dy3t, þe dynt w i t h [t]o 3elde 2224 w i t h a borelych bytte, bende by þe halme, fyled i n a fylor, fowre fote large, hit wat3 no lasse, bi þat lace þat lemed ful bry3t. the "knight in green," clothed as before. & þe gome i n þe erene gered as fyrst, 2228 boþe þe lyre & þe legge3, lokke3, & berde, saue þat fayre on his fote he fou n de3 on þe erþe, sette þe stele to þe stone, & stalked bysyde. when he reaches the stream, he hops over and strides about. when he wan to þe watter, þer he wade nolde, 2232 he hypped ou er on hys ax, & orpedly stryde3, bremly broþe on a bent, þat brode wat3 a-boute, on snawe. [fol. 121.] he meets sir gawayne without obeisance. s ir gawayn þe kny3t con mete. 2236 he ne lutte hy m no þy n g lowe, the other tells him that he is now ready for conversation þat oþ er sayde, "now, s ir swete, of steuen mon may þe trowe." xi. "god preserve thee!" says the green knight, "gawayn," q uod þat grene gome, "god þe mot loke! 2240 i-wysse þ o u art welcom, 1 wy3e, to my place, "as a true knight 'thou hast timed thy travel' & þ o u hat3 tymed þi trauayl as t ru e 2 mo n schulde; thou knowest the covenant between us, & þ o u knowe3 þe couenau n te3 kest v us by-twene, at þis tyme twelmonyth þ o u toke þ a t þe falled, that on new year's day i should return thy blow 2244 & i schulde at þis nwe 3ere 3eply þe quyte. here we are alone, & we ar i n þis valay, v er ayly oure one, here ar no renkes vs to rydde, rele as v us like3; have off thy helmet and take thy pay at once." haf þy 3 helme of þy hede, & haf here þy pay; 2248 busk no more debate þ en i þe bede þe n ne, "when þ o u wypped of my hede at a wap one." "by god," quoth sir gawayne, "i shall not begrudge thee thy will." "nay, bi god," q uod gawayn, "þ a t me gost lante, i schal gruch þe no grwe, for grem þat falle3; 2252 botsty3tel þe vpon on strok, & i schal stonde stylle, & warp þe no werny n g, to worch as þe lyke3, no whare." then he shows his bare neck, he lened w i t h þe nek, & lutte, 2256 & schewed þat schyre al bare, & lette as he no3t dutte, and appears undaunted. for drede he wolde not dare. 1 welcon, in ms. 2 t ru ee in ms. 3 ms. þy þy. xii. then the man in green seizes his grim tool. the n þe gome i n þe grene grayþed hy m swyþe, 2260 gedere3 yp hys gry m me tole, gawayn to smyte; with all his force he raises it aloft. w i t h alle þe bur i n his body he ber hit on lofte, mu n t as ma3tyly, as marre hy m he wolde; hade hit dryuen adou n , as dre3 as he atled, 2264 þer hade ben ded of his dynt, þat do3ty wat3 eu er . bot gawayn on þat giserne glyfte hy m bysyde, as it came gliding down, as hit com glydande adou n , on glode hy m to schende, sir gawayne shrank a little with his shoulders. & schranke a lytel w i t h þe schulderes, for þe scharp yrne. 2268 þat oþ er schalk wyth a schu n t þe schene wythhalde3, the other reproved him, saying, & þe n ne repreued he þe prynce w i t h mony prowde worde3: "thou art not gawayne that is so good esteemed, "þ o u art not gawayn," q uod þe gome, "þ a t is so goud halden, þat neu er ar3ed for no here, by hylle ne be vale, [fol. 121 b .] for thou fleest for fear before thou feelest harm. 2272 & now þ o u fles for ferde, er þ o u fele harme3; such cowardise of þat kny3t cowþe i neu er here. i never flinched when thou struckest. nawþ er fyked i, ne fla3e, freke, quen þ o u myntest, ne kest no kauelac i on, in ky n ge3 ho us arthor, my head flew to my foot, yet i never fled, 2276 my hede fla3 to my fote, & 3et fla3 i neu er ; & þ o u, er any harme hent, ar3e3 i n hert, wherefore i ought to be called the better man." wherfore þe better burne me burde be called þ e r-fore." "i shunted once," says gawayne, "but will no more. 2280 q uod g:, "i schu n t one3, & so wyl i no more, bot pa3 my hede falle on þe stone3, i con not hit restore. xiii. bring me to the point; deal me my destiny at once." 2284 bot busk, burne, bi þi fayth, & bry n g me to þe poy n t, dele to me my destiné, & do hit out of honde, for i schal stonde þe a strok, & start no more, til þy n ax haue me hitte, haf here my trawþe." "have at thee, then," says the other. 2288 "haf at þe þe n ne," q uod þ a t oþ er , & heue3 hit alofte, & wayte3 as wroþely, as he wode were; with that he aims at him a blow. he mynte3 at hy m ma3tyly, bot not þe mon ryue3, 1 with-helde het er ly h[i]s honde, er hit hurt my3t. gawayne never flinches, but stands as still as a stone. 2292 gawayn grayþely hit byde3, & glent w i t h no membre, bot stode stylle as þe ston, oþ er a stubbe auþer, þat raþeled is i n roche grou n de, w i t h rote3 a hundreth. þe n muryly efte con he mele, þe mon i n þe grene, "now," says the green knight, "i must hit thee, since thy heart is whole." 2296 "so now þ o u hat3 þi hert holle, hitte me bihou[e]s; halde þe now þe hy3e hode, þat arþur þe ra3t, & kepe þy kanel at þis kest, 3if hit keu er may." g: ful gryndelly w i t h greme þe n ne sayde, "thrash on," says the other. 2300 "wy þresch on, þ o u þro mon, þ o u þrete3 to longe, i hope þat þi hert ar3e wyth þyn awen seluen." "for soþe," q uod þat oþ er freke, "so felly þ o u speke3, i wyl no leng er on lyte lette þin ernde, 2304 ri3t nowe." then the green knight makes ready to strike. þe n ne tas he 2 hy m stryþe to stryke, & frou n ses boþe lyppe & browe, no meruayle þa3 hy m myslyke, 2308 þat hoped of no rescowe. 1 ? ryne3 = touches. 2 he he, in ms. xiv. he let fall his loom on the bare he lyftes ly3tly his lome, & let hit dou n fayre, [fol. 122.] neck of sir gawayne. w i t h þe barbe of þe bitte bi þe bare nek þa3 he homered het er ly, hurt hy m no more, 2312 bot snyrt hy m on þat on syde, þat seu er ed þe hyde; the sharp weapon pierced the flesh so that the blood flowed. þe scharp schrank to þe flesche þur3 þe schyre grece, þat þe schene blod ov er his schulderes schot to þe erþe. when the knight saw the blood on the snow, & quen þe burne se3 þe blode blenk on þe snawe, 2316 he sprit forth spe n ne fote more þe n a spere lenþe, hent het er ly his helme, & on his hed cast, schot wit h his schuldere3 his fayre schelde vnder, he unsheathed his sword, and thus spake: brayde3 out a bry3t sworde, & bremely he speke3; 2320 neu er syn þat he wat3 burne borne of his moder, wat3 he neu er i n þis worlde, wy3e half so blyþe:— "cease, man, of thy blow. "bly n ne, burne, of þy bur, bede me no mo; i haf a stroke i n þis sted w i t h -oute stryf hent, if thou givest me any more, readily shall i requite thee. 2324 & if þow reche3 me any mo, i redyly schal quyte, & 3elde 3ederly a3ayn, & þ er to 3e tryst, & foo; our agreement stipulates only one stroke." bot on stroke here me falle3, 2328 þe couenau n t schop ry3t so, [sikered] 1 in arþure3 halle3, & þer-fore, hende, now hoo!" 1 illegible. xv. the green knight rested on his axe, the haþel heldet hy m fro, & on his ax rested, 2332 sette þe schaft vpon schore, & to be scharp lened, looked on sir gawayne, who appeared bold and fearless, & loked to þe leude, þat on þe launde 3ede, how þat do3ty dredles deruely þer stonde3, armed ful a3le3; i n hert hit hy m lyke3. 2336 þe n n he mele3 muryly, wyth a much steuen, and addressed him as follows: "bold knight, be not so wroth, & wyth a r[a]ykande rurde he to þe renk sayde, "bolde burne, on þis bent be not so gryndel; no mon here vn-man er ly þe mys-boden habbe, 2340 ne kyd, bot as couenau n de, at ky n ge3 kort schaped; i promised thee a stroke and thou hast it, be satisfied. i hy3t þe a strok, & þ o u hit hat3, halde þe wel payed, i relece þe of þe remnau n t, of ry3tes alle oþ er ; 3if 1 i deliuer had bene, a boffet, parau n t e r, i could have dealt worse with thee. 2344 i couþe wroþeloker haf waret, [&] to þe haf wro3t ang er . 2 fyrst i mansed þe muryly, w i t h a mynt one, i menaced thee with one blow for the covenant & roue þe wyth no rof, sore w i t h ry3t i þe p ro fered, [fol. 122 b .] between us on the first night. for þe forwarde that we fest i n þe fyrst ny3t, 2348 & þ o u trystyly þe trawþe & trwly me halde3, al þe gayne þow me gef, as god mon shulde; another i aimed at thee because thou kissedst my wife. þat oþ er mu n t for þe morne, mon, i þe profered, þ o u kyssedes my clere wyf, þe cosse3 me ra3te3, 2352 for boþe two here i þe bede bot two bare myntes, boute scaþe; a true man should restore truly, and then he need fear no harm. trwe mon trwe restore, þe n ne þar mo n drede no waþe; thou failedst at the third time, and therefore take thee that tap. (see l. 1861.) 2356 at þe þrid þ o u fayled þore, & þ er -for þat tappe ta þe. 1 uf, in ms. 2 this word is doubtful. xvi. for my weed (woven by my wife) thou wearest. for hit is my wede þat þ o u were3, þ a t ilke wouen girdel, myn owen wyf hit þe weued, i wot wel forsoþe; i know thy kisses and my wife's wooing. 2360 now know i wel þy cosses, & þy costes als, & þe wowy n g of my wyf, i wro3t hit myseluen; i sent her to try thee, and faultless i found thee. i sende hir to asay þe, & sothly me þynkke3, on þe fautlest freke, þat eu er on fote 3ede; 2364 as perle bi þe quite pese is of prys more, so is gawayn, i n god fayth, bi oþ er gay kny3te3. but yet thou sinnedst a little, bot here you lakked a lyttel, s ir , & lewte yow wonted, bot þat wat3 for no wylyde werke, ne wowy n g nauþ er , for love of thy life." 2368 bot for 3e lufed yo ur lyf, þe lasse i yow blame." þat oþ er stif mon i n study stod a gret whyle; so agreued for greme he gryed w i t h -i n ne, gawayne stands confounded. alle þe blode of his brest blende i n his face, 2372 þat al he schrank for schome, þat þe schalk talked. þe forme worde vpon folde, þat þe freke meled,— "cursed," he says, "be cowardice and covetousness both!" "corsed worth cowarddyse & couetyse boþe! i n yow is vylany & vyse, þat v er tue disstrye3." then he takes off the girdle and throws it to the knight. 2376 þe n ne he ka3t to þe knot, & þe kest lawse3, brayde broþely þe belt to þe burne seluen: "lo! þer þe falssy n g, foule mot hit falle! he curses his cowardice, for care of þy knokke cowardyse me ta3t 2380 to a-corde me w i t h couetyse, my kynde to for-sake, þat is larges & lewte, þat longe3 to kny3te3. and confesses himself to have been guilty of untruth. now am i fawty, & falce, & ferde haf ben eu er ; of trecherye & vn-trawþe boþe bityde sor3e 2384 & care! [fol. 123.] i bi-knowe yow, kny3t, here stylle, al fawty is my fare, lete3 me ou er -take yo ur wylle, 2388 & efle i schal be ware." xvii. then the other, laughing, thus spoke: the n ne lo3e þat oþ er leude, & luflyly sayde, "i halde hit hardily 1 hole, þe harme þat i hade; "thou art confessed so clean, þ o u art confessed so clene, be-knowen of þy mysses, 2392 & hat3 þe penau n ce apert, of þe poy n t of myn egge, that i hold thee as pure as if thou hadst never been guilty. i halde þe polysed of þat ply3t, & pured as clene, as þ o u hade3 neu er forfeted, syþe n þ o u wat3 fyrst borne. i give thee, sir, the gold-hemmed girdle, & i gif þe, s ir , þe gurdel þat is golde he m med; 2396 for hit is grene as my goune, s ir g:, 3e maye þenk vpon þis ilke þrepe, þ er þ o u forth þry n ge3 amo n g prynces of prys, & þis a pure token as a token of thy adventure at the green chapel. of þe chau n ce of þe grene chapel, at cheualro us kny3te3; come again to my abode, and abide there for the remainder of the festival." 2400 & 3e schal i n þis nwe 3er a3ayn to my wone3, & we schy n reuel þe remnau n t of þis ryche fest, ful bene." þer laþed hy m fast þe lorde, 2404 & sayde, "w i t h my wyf, i wene, we schal yow wel acorde, þat wat3 yo ur enmy kene." 1 hardilyly, in ms. xviii. "nay, forsooth," says gawayne, "nay, for soþe," q uod þe segge, & sesed hys helme, 2408 & hat3 hit of hendely, & þe haþel þonkke3, "i have sojourned sadly, but bliss betide thee! "i haf soiorned sadly, sele yow bytyde, & he 3elde hit yow 3are, þat 3arkke3 al me n skes! commend me to your comely wife and that other lady who have beguiled me. & comau n de3 me to þat cortays, yo ur comlych fere, 2412 boþe þat on & þat oþ er , myn hono ur ed ladye3. þat þ us hor kny3t wyth hor kest han koy n tly bigyled. but it is no marvel for a man to be brought to grief through a woman's wiles. bot hit is no ferly, þa3 a fole madde, & þur3 wyles of wy m men be wonen to sor3e; adam, solomon, samson, and david were beguiled by women. 2416 for so wat3 adam i n erde w i t h one bygyled, & salamon w i t h fele sere, & samson eft sone3, dalyda dalt hy m hys wyrde, & dauyth þer-aft er wat3 blended w i t h barsabe, þat much bale þoled. how could a man love them and believe them not? 2420 now þese were wrathed wyth her wyles, h i t were a wy n ne huge, to luf hom wel, & leue hem not, a leude þat couþe, [fol. 123 b .] for þes wer forne 1 þe freest þat fol3ed alle þe sele, ex-ellently of alle þyse oþ er , vnder heuen-ryche, 2424 þat mused; & alle þay were bi-wyled, with 2 wy m men þat þay vsed, though i be now beguiled, methinks i should be excused. þa3 i be now bigyled, 2428 me þink me burde be excused." 1 forme (?) 2 with wyth, in ms. xix. but god reward you for your girdle. "bot yo ur gordel," q uod g: "god yow for-3elde! þat wyl i welde wyth good wylle, not for þe wy n ne golde, ne þe saynt, ne þe sylk, ne þe syde pendau n des, 2432 for wele, ne for worchyp, ne for þe wlonk werkke3, i will wear it in remembrance of my fault. bot i n sy n gne of my surfet i schal se hit ofte; when i ride i n renou n , remorde to myseluen þe faut & þe fayntyse of þe flesche crabbed, 2436 how tender hit is to entyse teches of fylþe; and when pride shall prick me, & þ us , quen pryde schal me pryk, for prowes of armes, a look to this lace shall abate it. þe loke to þis luf lace schal leþe my hert. bot on i wolde yow pray, displeses yow neu er ; 2440 syn 3e be lorde of þe 3onde[r] londe, þ er i haf lent i n ne, wyth yow wyth worschyp,—þe wy3e hit yow 3elde þat vp-halde3 þe heu en , & on hy3 sitte3,— but tell me your right name and i shall have done." how norne 3e yowre ry3t nome, & þe n ne no more?" 2444 "þat schal i telle þe trwly," q uod þ a t oþ er þe n ne, the green knight replies, "i am called bernlak de hautdesert, through might of morgain la fey, the pupil of merlin. "bernlak de hautdesert i hat i n þis londe, þur3 my3t of morgne la faye, þat i n my ho us lenges, & 1 koyntyse of clergye, bi craftes wel lerned, 2448 þe maystres of m er lyn, mony ho 2 taken; for ho hat3 dalt drwry ful dere su m tyme, with þat conable klerk, þat knowes alle yo ur kny3te3 at hame; 2452 morgne þe goddes, þer-fore hit is hir name; she can tame even the haughtiest. welde3 non so hy3e hawtesse, þat ho ne con make ful tame. 1 in (?). 2 ho hat3 (?). xx. it was she who caused me to test the renown of the round table, 2456 ho wayned me vpon þis wyse to yo ur wy n ne halle, for to assay þe surquidre, 3if hit soth were, þat re n nes of þe grete renou n of þe rou n de table; ho wayned me þis wonder, yo ur wytte3 to reue, [fol. 124.] hoping to grieve guenever and cause her death through fear. 2460 for to haf greued gayno ur , & gart hir to dy3e. w i t h gopny n g 1 of þat ilke gomen, þat gostlych speked, w i t h his hede i n his honde, bifore þe hy3e table. þat is ho þat is at home, þe au n cian lady; she is even thine aunt. 2464 ho is euen þyn au n t, arþure3 half suster, þe duches do3ter of tyntagelle, þat dere vt er aft er therefore come to her and make merry in my house." hade arþur vpon, þat aþel is nowþe. þerfore i eþe þe, haþel, to com to þy nau n t, 2468 make myry i n my ho us , my meny þe louies, & i wol þe as wel, wy3e, bi my faythe, as any gome vnder god, for þy grete trauþe." gawayne refuses to return with the green knight. & he nikked hy m naye, he nolde bi no wayes; 2472 þay acolen & kyssen, [bikennen] ayþer oþ er to þe prynce of paradise, & parten ry3t þere, on coolde; on horse full fair he bends to arthur's hall. gawayn on blonk ful bene, 2476 to þe ky n ge3 bur3 buske3 bolde, & þe kny3t i n þe enker grene, whider-warde so eu er he wolde. 1 glopnyng (?). xxi. wild ways now gawayne rides. wylde waye3 i n þe worlde wowen now ryde3, 2480 on gryngolet, þat þe g ra ce hade geten of his lyue; oft he harboured in house and oft thereout. ofte he herbered i n house, & ofte al þeroute, & mony a-venture i n vale, & venquyst ofte, þat i ne ty3t, at þis tyme, i n tale to remene. the wound in his neck became whole. 2484 þe hurt wat3 hole, þat he hade hent i n his nek, he still carried about him the belt, & þe blykkande belt he bere þeraboute, a belef as a bauderyk, bou n den bi his syde, loken vnder his lyfte arme, þe lace, w i t h a knot, in token of his fault. 2488 i n tokeny n g he wat3 tane i n tech of a faute; thus he comes to the court of king arthur. & þ us he co m mes to þe co u rt, kny3t al i n sou n de. great then was the joy of all. þer wakned wele i n þat wone, when wyst þe grete, þat gode g: wat3 co m men, gayn hit hym þo3t; the king and his knights ask him concerning his journey. 2492 þe ky n g kysse3 þe kny3t, & þe whene alce, & syþen mony syker kny3t, þat so3t hy m to haylce, gawayne tells them of his adventures, of his fare þat hy m frayned, & ferlyly he telles; biknowo3 alle þe costes of care þat he hade,— 2496 þe chau n ce of þe chapel, þe chere of þe kny3t, [fol. 124 b .] the love of the lady, and lastly of the lace. þe luf of þe ladi, þe lace at þe last. þe nirt i n þe nek he naked hem schewed, he showed them the cut in his neck. þat he la3t for his vnleute at þe leudes hondes, 2500 for blame; he tened quen he schulde telle, he groaned for grief and shame, and the blood rushed into his face. he groned for gref & grame; þe blod i n his face con melle, 2504 when he hit schulde schewe, for schame. xxii. "lo!" says he, handling the lace, "this is the band of blame, "lo! lorde," q uod þe leude, & þe lace hondeled, "þis is þe bende of þis blame i bere [in] my nek, þis is þe laþe & þe losse, þat i la3t haue, a token of my cowardice and covetousness, 2508 of couardise & couetyse, þat i haf ca3t þare, þis is þe token of vn-trawþe, þat i am tan i n ne, i must needs wear it as long as i live." & i mot nede3 hit were, wyle i may last; for non may hyden his harme, bot vnhap ne may hit, 2512 for þ er hit one3 is tachched, twy n ne wil hit neu er ." the king comforts the knight, and all the court too. þe ky n g comforte3 þe kny3t, & alle þe co u rt als, la3en loude þ er -at, & luflyly acorden, þat lordes & ladis, þ a t longed to þe table, each knight of the brotherhood agrees to wear a bright green belt, 2516 vche burne of þe broþ er -hede a bauderyk schulde haue, a bende, a belef hy m aboute, of a bry3t grene, for gawayne's sake, & þat, for sake of þat segge, i n swete to were. for þat wat3 acorded þe renou n of þe rou n de table, who ever more honoured it. 2520 & he hono ur ed þat hit hade, eu er -more aft er , as hit is breued i n þe best boke of romau n ce. thus in arthur's day this adventure befell. þ us i n arthur us day þis au n t er bitidde, þe brut us boke es þ er -of beres wyttenesse; 2524 syþ en brut us , þe bolde burne, bo3ed hider fyrst, aft er þe segge & þe asaute wat3 sesed at troye, i-wysse; mony au n t er e3 here bi-forne, 2528 haf fallen suche er þis: he that bore the crown of thorns bring us to his bliss! now þat bere þe crou n of þorne, he bry n g v us to his blysse! amen. notes. line 8 ricchis turns, goes, the king ... ricchis his reynys and the renke metys: girden to gedur with þere grete speires.—t.b. l. 1232. 37 þis kyng lay at camylot vpon kryst-masse . camalot , in malory's "morte arthure," is said to be the same as winchester. ritson supposes it to be caer-went , in monmouthshire, and afterwards confounded with caer-wynt , or winchester . but popular tradition here seems the best guide, which assigned the site of camalot to the ruins of a castle on a hill, near the church of south cadbury, in somersetshire (sir f. madden). 65 nowel nayted o-newe, neuened ful ofte . christmas celebrated anew, mentioned full often. sir f. madden leaves the word nayted unexplained in his glossary to "syr gawayne." 124 syluener = sylueren , i.e. silver dishes. 139 lyndes = lendes , loins. 142 in his muckel , in his greatness. 184 wat3 euesed al umbe-torne—? was trimmed, all cut evenly around; umbe-torne may be an error for vmbe-corue = cut round. 216 in gracios werkes . sir f. madden reads gracons for gracios , and suggests greek as the meaning of it. 244-5 as al were slypped vpon slepe so slaked hor lote3 in hy3e . as all were fallen asleep so ceased their words in haste (suddenly). sir f. madden reads slaked horlote3 , instead of slaked hor lote3 , which, according to his glossary, signifies drunken vagabonds. he evidently takes horlote3 to be another (and a very uncommon) form of harlote3 = harlots . but harlot , or vagabond, would be a very inappropriate term to apply to the noble knights of the round table . moreover, slaked never, i think, means drunken. the general sense of the verb slake is to let loose, lessen, cease. cf. lines 411-2, where sloke , another form of slake , occurs with a similar meaning: — layt no fyrre; bot slokes . — seek no further, but stop (cease). sir f. madden suggests blows as the explanation of slokes . it is, however, a verb in the imperative mood. 286 brayn . mätzner suggests brayn-wod . 296 barlay = par loi. this word is exceedingly common in the t. book (see l. 3391). i bid you now, barlay , with besines at all þat ye set you most soverainly my suster to gete.—t.b. l. 2780. 394 siker . sir f. madden reads swer . 440 bluk . sir f. madden suggests blunk (horse). i am inclined to keep to the reading of the ms., and explain bluk as = bulk = trunk. cf. the use of the word blok in "early english alliterative poems," p. 100, l. 272. 558 derue doel , etc. = great grief. sir f. madden reads derne , i.e. secret, instead of derue (= derf ). cf. line 564. 577 knaged , fastened. the braunches were borly, sum of bright gold, with leuys full luffly, light of the same; with burions aboue bright to beholde; and fruit on yt fourmyt of fairest of shap, of mony kynd that was knyt, knagged aboue.—t.b. l. 4973. 629 & ay quere hit is endele3 , etc. and everywhere it is endless , etc. sir f. madden reads emdele3 , i.e. with equal sides. 652 for-be = for-bi = surpassing, beyond. 681 for hadet read halet = haled = exiled (?). see line 1049. 806 auinant = auenaunt , pleasantly. sir f. madden reads amnant . 954 of . should we not read on (?). 957 þat oþer wyth a gorger wat3 gered ouer þe swyre . the gorger or wimple is stated first to have appeared in edward the first's reign, and an example is found on the monument of aveline, countess of lancaster, who died in 1269. from the poem, however, it would seem that the gorger was confined to elderly ladies (sir f. madden) 968 more lykker-wys on to lyk, wat3 þat scho had on lode. a more pleasant one to like, was that (one) she had under her control. 988 tayt = lively, and hence pleasant, agreeable. 1015 in vayres , in purity. 1020 dut = dunt (?) = dint (?), referring to sword-sports . 1022 sayn[t] ione3 day . this is the 27th of december, and the last of the feast. sometimes the christmas festivities were prolonged to new year's day (sir f. madden). 1047 derne dede = secret deed. i would prefer to read derue dede = great deed. cf. lines 558, 564. 1053 i wot in worlde , etc. = i not (i know not) in worlde , etc. 1054 i nolde, bot if i hit negh my3t on nw3eres morne, for alle þe londe in-wyth logres, etc. i would not [delay to set out], unless i might approach it on new year's morn, for all the lands within england, etc. 1074 in spenne = in space = in the interval = meanwhile. see line 1503. 1160 slentyng of arwes . sir f. madden reads sleutyng . "of drawyn swordis sclentyng to and fra, the brycht mettale, and othir armouris seir, quharon the sonnys blenkis betis cleir, glitteris and schane, and vnder bemys brycht, castis ane new twynklyng or a lemand lycht." (g. douglas' æneid, vol. i, p. 421.) 1281 let lyk = appeared pleased. 1283 þa3 i were burde bry3test, þe burde in mynde hade , etc. the sense requires us to read: þa3 ho were burde bry3test, þe burne in mynde hade , etc. i.e., though she were lady fairest, the knight in mind had, etc. 1440 long sythen [seuered] for þe sounder þat wi3t for-olde long since separated from the sounder or herd that fierce (one) for-aged (grew very old). "now to speke of the boore, the fyrste year he is a pygge of the sounder callyd, as haue i blys; the secounde yere an hogge, and soo shall he be, and an hoggestere, whan he is of yeres thre; and when he is foure yere, a boor shall he be, from the sounder of the swyne thenne departyth he; a synguler is he soo, for alone he woll go." (book of st. alban's, ed. 1496, sig. d ., i.) 1476 totes = looks, toots. sho went up wightly by a walle syde. to the toppe of a toure and tot ouer the water.—t.b. l. 862. 1623 a verb [? lalede = cried] seems wanting after lorde . 1702 fnasted , breathed. these balfull bestes were, as the boke tellus, full flaumond of fyre with fnastyng of logh.—t.b. l. 168. 1710 a strothe rande = a rugged path. cf. the phrases tene greue , l. 1707; ro3e greue , l. 1898. 1729 bi lag = be-lagh (?) = below (?). 1719 thenne wat3 hit lif vpon list , etc. should we not read: thenne wat3 hit list vpon lif , etc. i.e., then was there joy in life, etc. 1780 lyf = lef (?), beloved (one). 1869 ho hat3 kyst þe kny3t so to3t . she has kissed the knight so courteous . sir f. madden explains to3t , promptly. to3t seems to be the same as the northumbrian taght in the following extract from the "morte arthure": "there come in at the fyrste course, before the kyng seluene, bare hevedys that ware bryghte, burnyste with sylver, alle with taghte mene and towne in togers fulle ryche."—(p. 15.) the word towne (well-behaved) still exists in wan-ton , the original meaning of which was ill-mannered, ill-bred. 1909 bray hounde3 = braþ hounde3 , i.e. fierce hounds. 1995 he hat3 nere þat he so3t = he wat3 nere þat he so3t = he was near to that which he sought. 2160 gedere3 þe rake = takes the path or way. 2167 þe skwe3 of þe scowtes skayued hym þo3t . the shadows of the hills appeared wild (desolate) to him. sir f. madden reads skayned , of which he gives no explanation. skayued = skayfed , seems to be the n. prov. english scafe , wild. scotch schaivie , wild, mad. o.n. skeifr . sw. skef , awry, distorted. 2204 ronge = clattered. 2211 drede dot3 me no lote = no noise shall cause me to dread (fear). 2357 & þer-for þat tappe ta þe . and therefore take thee that tap. ta þe = take thee. sir f. madden reads taþe = taketh . see l. 413, where to þe rhymes with sothe . we have no imperatives in th in this poem. 2401 we schyn reuel , etc. sir f. madden reads wasch yn reuel . but schyn = shall. see glossary to "alliterative poems." 2474 on-coolde = on-colde = coldly = sorrowfully. 2489 in-sounde = soundly , well. cf. in-blande = together; in-lyche , alike; inmydde3 , amidst. sir gawayne and the green knight: an alliterative romance-poem, (ab. 1360 a.d.) by the author of "early english alliterative poems." re-edited from cotton. ms. nero, a.x., in the british museum, by richard morris, editor of hampole's "pricke of conscience," "early english alliterative poems," etc.; member of the council of the philological society. second edition, revised, 1869. london published for the early english text society by n. trübner & co., 60, paternoster row, mdccclxiv. john childs and son, printers. preface to the first edition. in re-editing the present romance-poem i have been saved all labour of transcription by using the very accurate text contained in sir f. madden's "syr gawayne." i have not only read his copy with the manuscript, but also the proof-sheets as they came to hand, hoping by this means to give the reader a text free from any errors of transcription. the present edition differs from that of the earlier one in having the contractions of the manuscript expanded and side-notes added to the text to enable the reader to follow with some degree of ease the author's pleasant narrative of sir gawayne's adventures. the glossary is taken from sir f. madden's "syr gawayne," 1 to which, for the better interpretation of the text, i have made several additions, and have, moreover, glossed nearly all the words previously left unexplained. for a description of the manuscript, and particulars relating to the authorship and dialect of the present work, the reader is referred to the preface to early english alliterative poems . r.m. london, december 22, 1864. [ 1 sir f. madden has most generously placed at the disposal of the early english text society any of his works which it may determine to re-edit.] introduction. no knight of the round table has been so highly honoured by the old romance-writers as sir gawayne, the son of loth, and nephew to the renowned arthur. they delighted to describe him as gawayne the good, a man matchless on mould, the most gracious that under god lived, the hardiest of hand, the most fortunate in arms, and the most polite in hall, whose knowledge, knighthood, kindly works, doings, doughtiness, and deeds of arms were known in all lands. when arthur beheld the dead body of his kinsman lying on the ground bathed in blood, he is said to have exclaimed, "o righteous god, this blood were worthy to be preserved and enshrined in gold!" our author, too, loves to speak of his hero in similar terms of praise, calling him the knight faultless in his five wits, void of every offence, and adorned with every earthly virtue. he represents him as one whose trust was in the five wounds, and in whom the five virtues which distinguished the true knight were more firmly established than in any other on earth. the author of the present story, who, as we know from his religious poems, had an utter horror of moral impurity, could have chosen no better subject for a romance in which amusement and moral instruction were to be combined. in the following tale he shows how the true knight, though tempted sorely not once alone, but twice, nay thrice, breaks not his vow of chastity, but turns aside the tempter's shafts with the shield of purity and arm of faith, and so passes scatheless through the perilous defile of trial and opportunity seeming safe. but while our author has borrowed many of the details of his story from the "roman de perceval" by chrestien de troyes, he has made the narrative more attractive by the introduction of several original and highly interesting passages which throw light on the manners and amusements of our ancestors. the following elaborate descriptions are well deserving of especial notice:— i. the mode of completely arming a knight (ll. 568-589). ii. the hunting and breaking the deer (ll. 1126-1359). iii. the hunting and unlacing the wild boar (ll. 1412-1614). iv. a fox hunt (ll. 1675-1921). the following is an outline of the story of gawayne's adventures, more or less in the words of the writer himself:— arthur, the greatest of britain's kings, holds the christmas festival at camelot, surrounded by the celebrated knights of the round table, noble lords, the most renowned under heaven, and ladies the loveliest that ever had life (ll. 37-57). this noble company celebrate the new year by a religious service, by the bestowal of gifts, and the most joyous mirth. lords and ladies take their seats at the table—queen guenever, the grey-eyed, gaily dressed, sits at the daïs, the high table, or table of state, where too sat gawayne and ywain together with other worthies of the round table (ll. 58-84, 107-115). arthur, in mood as joyful as a child, his blood young and his brain wild, declares that he will not eat nor sit long at the table until some adventurous thing, some uncouth tale, some great marvel, or some encounter of arms has occurred to mark the return of the new year (ll. 85-106). the first course was announced with cracking of trumpets, with the noise of nakers and noble pipes. "each two had dishes twelve, good beer and bright wine both." scarcely was the first course served when another noise than that of music was heard. there rushes in at the hall-door a knight of gigantic stature—the greatest on earth—in measure high. he was clothed entirely in green, and rode upon a green foal (ll. 116-178). fair wavy hair fell about the shoulders of the green knight, and a great beard like a bush hung upon his breast (ll. 179-202). the knight carried no helmet, shield, or spear, but in one hand a holly bough, and in the other an axe "huge and unmeet," the edge of which was as keen as a sharp razor (ll. 203-220). thus arrayed, the green knight enters the hall without saluting any one. the first word that he uttered was, "where is the govenour of this gang? gladly would i see him and with himself speak reason." to the knights he cast his eye, looking for the most renowned. much did the noble assembly marvel to see a man and a horse of such a hue, green as the grass. even greener they seemed than green enamel on bright gold. many marvels had they seen, but none such as this. they were afraid to answer, but sat stone-still in a dead silence, as if overpowered by sleep; "not all from fear, but some for courtesy" (ll. 221-249). then arthur before the high daïs salutes the green knight, bids him welcome, and entreats him to stay awhile at his court. the knight says that his errand is not to abide in any dwelling, but to seek the most valiant of the heroes of the round table that he may put his courage to the proof, and thus satisfy himself as to the fame of arthur's court. "i come," he says, "in peace, as ye may see by this branch that i bear here. had i come with hostile intentions, i should not have left my hauberk, helmet, shield, sharp spear, and other weapons behind me. but because i desire no war, 'my weeds are softer.' if thou be so bold as all men say, thou wilt grant me the request i am about to make." "sir courteous knight," replies arthur, "if thou cravest battle only, here failest thou not to fight." "nay," says the green knight, "i seek no fighting. here about on this bench are only beardless children. were i arrayed in arms on a high steed no man here would be a match for me (ll. 250-282). but it is now christmas time, and this is the new year, and i see around me many brave ones;—if any be so bold in his blood that dare strike a stroke for another, i shall give him this rich axe to do with it whatever he pleases. i shall abide the first blow just as i sit, and will stand him a stroke, stiff on this floor, provided that i deal him another in return. and yet give i him respite, a twelvemonth and a day; now haste and let see tite (soon) dare any here-in ought say.'" if he astounded them at first, much more so did he after this speech, and fear held them all silent. the knight, righting himself in his saddle, rolls fiercely his red eyes about, bends his bristly green brows, and strokes his beard awaiting a reply. but finding none that would carp with him, he exclaims, "what! is this arthur's house, the fame of which has spread through so many realms? forsooth, the renown of the round table is overturned by the word of one man's speech, for all tremble for dread without a blow being struck!" (ll. 283-313). with this he laughed so loud that arthur blushed for very shame, and waxed as wroth as the wind. "i know no man," he says, "that is aghast at thy great words. give me now thy axe and i will grant thee thy request!" arthur seizes the axe, grasps the handle, and sternly brandishes it about, while the green knight, with a stern cheer and a dry countenance, stroking his beard and drawing down his coat, awaits the blow (ll. 314-335). sir gawayne, the nephew of the king, beseeches his uncle to let him undertake the encounter; and, at the earnest entreaty of his nobles, arthur consents "to give gawayne the game" (ll. 336-365). sir gawayne then takes possession of the axe, but, before the blow is dealt, the green knight asks the name of his opponent. "in good faith," answers the good knight, "gawayne i am called, that bids thee to this buffet, whatever may befall after, and at this time twelvemonth will take from thee another, with whatever weapon thou wilt, and with no wight else alive." "by gog," quoth the green knight, "it pleases me well that i shall receive at thy fist that which i have sought here—moreover thou hast truly rehearsed the terms of the covenant,—but thou shalt first pledge me thy word that thou wilt seek me thyself, wheresoever on earth thou believest i may be found, and fetch thee such wages as thou dealest me to-day before this company of doughty ones." "where should i seek thee?" replies gawayne, "where is thy place? i know not thee, thy court, or thy name. i wot not where thou dwellest, but teach me thereto, tell me how thou art called, and i shall endeavour to find thee,—and that i swear thee for truth and by my sure troth." "that is enough in new year," says the groom in green, "if i tell thee when i have received the tap. when thou hast smitten me, then smartly i will teach thee of my house, my home, and my own name, so that thou mayest follow my track and fulfil the covenant between us. if i spend no speech, then speedest thou the better, for then mayest thou remain in thy own land and seek no further; but cease thy talking 1 (ll. 366-412). take now thy grim tool to thee and let us see how thou knockest." "gladly, sir, for sooth," quoth gawayne, and his axe he brandishes. [ 1 this, i think, is the true explanation of slokes .] the green knight adjusts himself on the ground, bends slightly his head, lays his long lovely locks over his crown, and lays bare his neck for the blow. gawayne then gripped the axe, and, raising it on high, let it fall quickly upon the knight's neck and severed the head from the body. the fair head fell from the neck to the earth, and many turned it aside with their feet as it rolled forth. the blood burst from the body, yet the knight never faltered nor fell; but boldly he started forth on stiff shanks and fiercely rushed forward, seized his head, and lifted it up quickly. then he runs to his horse, the bridle he catches, steps into his stirrups and strides aloft. his head by the hair he holds in his hands, and sits as firmly in his saddle as if no mishap had ailed him, though headless he was (ll. 413-439). he turned his ugly trunk about—that ugly body that bled,—and holding the head in his hand, he directed the face toward the "dearest on the dais." the head lifted up its eyelids and looked abroad, and thus much spoke with its mouth as ye may now hear: "loke, gawayne, thou be prompt to go as thou hast promised, and seek till thou find me according to thy promise made in the hearing of these knights. get thee to the green chapel, i charge thee, to fetch such a dint as thou hast dealt, to be returned on new year's morn. as the knight of the green chapel i am known to many, wherefore if thou seekest thou canst not fail to find me. therefore come, or recreant be called." with a fierce start the reins he turns, rushes out of the hall-door, his head in his hand, so that the fire of the flint flew from the hoofs of his foal. to what kingdom he belonged knew none there, nor knew they from whence he had come. what then? "the king and gawayne there at that green (one) they laugh and grin." though arthur wondered much at the marvel, he let no one see that he was at all troubled about it, but full loudly thus spake to his comely queen with courteous speech: "dear dame, to-day be never dismayed, well happens such craft at christmas time. i may now proceed to meat, for i cannot deny that i have witnessed a wondrous adventure this day" (ll. 440-475). he looked upon sir gawayne and said, "now, sir, hang up thine axe, for enough has it hewn." so the weapon was hung up on high that all might look upon it, and "by true title thereof tell the wonder." then all the knights hastened to their seats at the table, so did the king and our good knight, and they were there served with all dainties, "with all manner of meat and minstrelsy." though words were wanting when they first to seat went, now are their hands full of stern work, and the marvel affords them good subject for conversation. but a year passes full quickly and never returns,—the beginning is seldom like the end; wherefore this christmas passed away and the year after, and each season in turn followed after another (ll. 476-520). thus winter winds round again, and then gawayne thinks of his wearisome journey (ll. 521-535). on all-hallows day arthur entertains right nobly the lords and ladies of his court in honour of his nephew, for whom all courteous knights and lovely ladies were in great grief. nevertheless they spoke only of mirth, and, though joyless themselves, made many a joke to cheer the good sir gawayne (ll. 536-565). early on the morrow sir gawayne, with great ceremony, is arrayed in his armour (ll. 566-589), and thus completely equipped for his adventure he first hears mass, and afterwards takes leave of arthur, the knights of the round table, and the lords and ladies of the court, who kiss him and commend him to christ. he bids them all good day, as he thought, for evermore (ll. 590-669); " very much was the warm water that poured from eyes that day ." now rides our knight through the realms of england with no companion but his foal, and no one to hold converse with save god alone. from camelot, in somersetshire, he proceeds through gloucestershire and the adjoining counties into montgomeryshire, and thence through north wales to holyhead, adjoining the isle of anglesea (ll. 670-700), from which he passes into the very narrow peninsula of wirral, in cheshire, where dwelt but few that loved god or man. gawayne enquires after the green knight of the green chapel, but all the inhabitants declare that they have never seen "any man of such hues of green." the knight thence pursues his journey by strange paths, over hill and moor, encountering on his way not only serpents, wolves, bulls, bears, and boars, but wood satyrs and giants. but worse than all those, however, was the sharp winter, "when the cold clear water shed from the clouds, and froze ere it might fall to the earth. nearly slain with the sleet he slept in his armour, more nights than enough, in naked rocks" (ll. 701-729). thus in peril and plight the knight travels on until christmas-eve, and to mary he makes his moan that she may direct him to some abode. on the morn he arrives at an immense forest, wondrously wild, surrounded by high hills on every side, where he found hoary oaks full huge, a hundred together. the hazel and the hawthorn intermingled were all overgrown with moss, and upon their boughs sat many sad birds that piteously piped for pain of the cold. gawayne besought the lord and mary to guide him to some habitation where he might hear mass (ll. 730-762). scarcely had he crossed himself thrice, when he perceived a dwelling in the wood set upon a hill. it was the loveliest castle he had ever beheld. it was pitched on a prairie, with a park all about it, enclosing many a tree for more than two miles. it shone as the sun through the bright oaks (ll. 763-772). gawayne urges on his steed gringolet, and finds himself at the "chief gate." he called aloud, and soon there appeared a "porter" on the wall, who demanded his errand. "good sir," quoth gawayne, "wouldst thou go to the high lord of this house, and crave a lodging for me?" "yea, by peter!" replied the porter, "well i know that thou art welcome to dwell here as long as thou likest." the drawbridge is soon let down, and the gates opened wide to receive the knight. many noble ones hasten to bid him welcome (ll. 773-825). they take away his helmet, sword, and shield, and many a proud one presses forward to do him honour. they bring him into the hall, where a fire was brightly burning upon the hearth. then the lord of the land 1 comes from his chamber and welcomes sir gawayne, telling him that he is to consider the place as his own. our knight is next conducted to a bright bower, where was noble bedding—curtains of pure silk, with golden hems, and tarsic tapestries upon the walls and the floors (ll. 826-859). here the knight doffed his armour and put on rich robes, which so well became him, that all declared that a more comely knight christ had never made (ll. 860-883). [ 1 gawayne is now in the castle of the green knight, who, divested of his elvish or supernatural character, appears to our knight merely as a bold one with a beaver-hued beard.] a table is soon raised, and gawayne, having washed, proceeds to meat. many dishes are set before him—"sews" of various kinds, fish of all kinds, some baked in bread, others broiled on the embers, some boiled, and others seasoned with spices. the knight expresses himself well pleased, and calls it a most noble and princely feast. after dinner, in reply to numerous questions, he tells his host that he is gawayne, one of the knights of the round table. when this was made known great was the joy in the hall. each one said softly to his companion, "now we shall see courteous behaviour and learn the terms of noble discourse, since we have amongst us 'that fine father of nurture.' truly god has highly favoured us in sending us such a noble guest as sir gawayne" (ll. 884-927). at the end of the christmas festival gawayne desires to take his departure from the castle, but his host persuades him to stay, promising to direct him to the green chapel (about two miles from the castle), that he may be there by the appointed time (ll. 1029-1082). a covenant is made between them, the terms of which were that the lord of the castle should go out early to the chase, that gawayne meanwhile should lie in his loft at his ease, then rise at his usual hour, and afterwards sit at table with his hostess, and that at the end of the day they should make an exchange of whatever they might obtain in the interim. "whatever i win in the wood," says the lord, "shall be yours, and what thou gettest shall be mine" (ll. 1083-1125). full early before daybreak the folk uprise, saddle their horses, and truss their mails. the noble lord of the land, arrayed for riding, eats hastily a sop, and having heard mass, proceeds with a hundred hunters to hunt the wild deer (ll. 1126-1177). all this time gawayne lies in his gay bed. his nap is disturbed by a little noise at the door, which is softly opened. he heaves up his head out of the clothes, and, peeping through the curtains, beholds a most lovely lady (the wife of his host). she came towards the bed, and the knight laid himself down quickly, pretending to be asleep. the lady stole to the bed, cast up the curtains, crept within, sat her softly on the bed-side, and waited some time till the knight should awake. after lurking awhile under the clothes considering what it all meant, gawayne unlocked his eyelids, and put on a look of surprise, at the same time making the sign of the cross, as if afraid of some hidden danger (ll. 1178-1207). "good morrow, sir," said that fair lady, "ye are a careless sleeper to let one enter thus. i shall bind you in your bed, of that be ye sure." "good morrow," quoth gawayne, "i shall act according to your will with great pleasure, but permit me to rise that i may the more comfortably converse with you." "nay, beau sir," said that sweet one, "ye shall not rise from your bed, for since i have caught my knight i shall hold talk with him. i ween well that ye are sir gawayne that all the world worships, whose honour and courtesy are so greatly praised. now ye are here, and we are alone (my lord and his men being afar off, other men, too, are in bed, so are my maidens), and the door is safely closed, i shall use my time well while it lasts. ye are welcome to my person to do with it as ye please, and i will be your servant" (ll. 1208-1240). gawayne behaves most discreetly, for the remembrance of his forthcoming adventure at the green chapel prevents him from thinking of love (ll. 1205-1289). at last the lady takes leave of the knight by catching him in her arms and kissing him (ll. 1290-1307). the day passes away merrily, and at dusk the lord of the castle returns from the chase. he presents the venison to gawayne according to the previous covenant between them. our knight gives his host a kiss as the only piece of good fortune that had fallen to him during the day. "it is good," says the other, "and would be much better if ye would tell me where ye won such bliss" (ll. 1308-1394). "that was not in our covenant," replies gawayne, "so try me no more." after much laughing on both sides they proceed to supper, and afterwards, while the choice wine is being carried round, gawayne and his host renew their agreement. late at night they take leave of each other and hasten to their beds. "by the time that the cock had crowed and cackled thrice" the lord was up, and after "meat and mass" were over the hunters make for the woods, where they give chase to a wild boar who had grown old and mischievous (ll. 1395-1467). while the sportsmen are hunting this "wild swine" our lovely knight lies in his bed. he is not forgotten by the lady, who pays him an early visit, seeking to make further trial of his virtues. she sits softly by his side and tells him that he has forgotten what she taught him the day before (ll. 1468-1486). "i taught you of kissing," says she; "that becomes every courteous knight." gawayne says that he must not take that which is forbidden him. the lady replies that he is strong enough to enforce his own wishes. our knight answers that every gift not given with a good will is worthless. his fair visitor then enquires how it is that he who is so skilled in the true sport of love and so renowned a knight, has never talked to her of love (ll. 1487-1524). "you ought," she says, "to show and teach a young thing like me some tokens of true-love's crafts; i come hither and sit here alone to learn of you some game; do teach me of your wit while my lord is from home." gawayne replies that he cannot undertake the task of expounding true-love and tales of arms to one who has far more wisdom than he possesses. thus did our knight avoid all appearance of evil, though sorely pressed to do what was wrong (ll. 1525-1552). the lady, having bestowed two kisses upon sir gawayne, takes her leave of him (ll. 1553-1557). at the end of the day the lord of the castle returns home with the shields and head of the wild boar. he shows them to his guest, who declares that "such a brawn of a beast, nor such sides of a swine," he never before has seen. gawayne takes possession of the spoil according to covenant, and in return he bestows two kisses upon his host, who declares that his guest has indeed been rich with "such chaffer" (ll. 1558-1647). after much persuasion, gawayne consents to stop at the castle another day (ll. 1648-1685). early on the morrow the lord and his men hasten to the woods, and come upon the track of a fox, the hunting of which affords them plenty of employment and sport (ll. 1686-1730). meanwhile our good knight sleeps soundly within his comely curtains. he is again visited by the lady of the castle. so gaily was she attired, and so "faultless of her features," that great joy warmed the heart of sir gawayne. with soft and pleasant smiles "they smite into mirth," and are soon engaged in conversation. had not mary thought of her knight, he would have been in great peril (ll. 1731-1769). so sorely does the fair one press him with her love, that he fears lest he should become a traitor to his host. the lady enquires whether he has a mistress to whom he has plighted his troth. the knight swears by st john that he neither has nor desires one. this answer causes the dame to sigh for sorrow, and telling him that she must depart, she asks for some gift, if it were only a glove, by which she might "think on the knight and lessen her grief" (ll. 1770-1800). gawayne assures her that he has nothing worthy of her acceptance; that he is on an "uncouth errand," and therefore has "no men with no mails containing precious things," for which he is truly sorry. quoth that lovesome (one)— "though i had nought of yours, yet should ye have of mine. thus saying, she offers him a rich ring of red gold "with a shining stone standing aloft," that shone like the beams of the bright sun. the knight refused the gift, as he had nothing to give in return. "since ye refuse my ring," says the lady, "because it seems too rich, and ye would not be beholden to me, i shall give you my girdle that is less valuable" (ll. 1801-1835). but gawayne replies that he will not accept gold or reward of any kind, though "ever in hot and in cold" he will be her true servant. "do ye refuse it," asks the lady, "because it seems simple and of little value? whoso knew the virtues that are knit therein would estimate it more highly. for he who is girded with this green lace cannot be wounded or slain by any man under heaven." the knight thinks awhile, and it strikes him that this would be a "jewel for the jeopardy" that he had to undergo at the green chapel. so he not only accepts the lace, but promises to keep the possession of it a secret (ll. 1836-1865). by that time the lady had kissed him thrice, and she then takes "her leave and leaves him there." gawayne rises, dresses himself in noble array, and conceals the "love lace" where he might find it again. he then hies to mass, shrives him of his misdeeds, and obtains absolution. on his return to the hall he solaces the ladies with comely carols and all kinds of joy (ll. 1866-1892). the dark night came, and then the lord of the castle, having slain the fox, returns to his "dear home," where he finds a fire brightly turning and his guest amusing the ladies (ll. 1893-1927). gawayne, in fulfilment of his agreement, kisses his host thrice. 1 "by christ," quoth the other knight, "ye have caught much bliss. i have hunted all this day and nought have i got but the skin of this foul fox (the devil have the goods!), and that is full poor for to pay for such precious things" (ll. 1928-1951). after the usual evening's entertainment, gawayne retires to rest. the next morning, being new year's day, is cold and stormy. snow falls, and the dales are full of drift. our knight in his bed locks his eyelids, but full little he sleeps. by each cock that crows he knows the hour, and before day-break he calls for his chamberlain, who quickly brings him his armour (ll. 1952-2014). while gawayne clothed himself in his rich weeds he forgot not the "lace, the lady's gift," but with it doubly girded his loins. he wore it not for its rich ornaments, "but to save himself when it behoved him to suffer," and as a safeguard against sword or knife (ll. 2015-2046). having thanked his host and all the renowned assembly for the great kindness he had experienced at their hands, "he steps into stirrups and strides aloft" (ll. 2047-2068). the drawbridge is let down, and the broad gates unbarred and borne open upon both sides, and the knight, after commending the castle to christ, passes thereout and goes on his way accompanied by his guide, that should teach him to turn to that place where he should receive the much-dreaded blow. they climb over cliffs, where each hill had a hat and a mist-cloak, until the next morn, when they find themselves on a full high hill covered with snow. the servant bids his master remain awhile, saying, "i have brought you hither at this time, and now ye are not far from that noted place that ye have so often enquired after. the place that ye press to is esteemed full perilous, and there dwells a man in that waste the worst upon earth, for he is stiff and stern and loves to strike, and greater is he than any man upon middle-earth, and his body is bigger than the best four in arthur's house. he keeps the green chapel; there passes none by that place, however proud in arms, that he does not 'ding him to death with dint of his hand.' he is a man immoderate and 'no mercy uses,' for be it churl or chaplain that by the chapel rides, monk or mass-priest, or any man else, it is as pleasant to him to kill them as to go alive himself. wherefore i tell thee truly, 'come ye there, ye be killed, though ye had twenty lives to spend. he has dwelt there long of yore, and on field much sorrow has wrought. against his sore dints ye may not defend you' (ll. 2069-2117). therefore, good sir gawayne, let the man alone, and for god's sake go by some other path, and then i shall hie me home again. i swear to you by [ 1 he only in part keeps to his covenant, as he holds back the love-lace .] god and all his saints that i will never say that ever ye attempted to flee from any man." gawayne thanks his guide for his well-meant kindness, but declares that to the green chapel he will go, though the owner thereof be "a stern knave," for god can devise means to save his servants. "mary!" quoth the other, "since it pleases thee to lose thy life i will not hinder thee. have thy helmet on thy head, thy spear in thy hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, till thou be brought to the bottom of the valley. then look a little on the plain, on thy left hand, and thou shalt see in that slade the chapel itself, and the burly knight that guards it (ll. 2118-2148). now, farewell gawayne the noble! for all the gold upon ground i would not go with thee nor bear thee fellowship through this wood 'on foot farther.'" thus having spoken, he gallops away and leaves the knight alone. gawayne now pursues his journey, rides through the dale, and looks about. he sees no signs of a resting-place, but only high and steep banks, and the very shadows of the high woods seemed wild and distorted. no chapel, however, could he discover. after a while he sees a round hill by the side of a stream; thither he goes, alights, and fastens his horse to the branch of a tree. he walks about the hill, debating with himself what it might be. it had a hole in the one end and on each side, and everywhere overgrown with grass, but whether it was only an old cave or a crevice of an old crag he could not tell (ll. 2149-2188). "now, indeed," quoth gawayne, "a desert is here; this oratory is ugly with herbs overgrown. it is a fitting place for the man in green to 'deal here his devotions after the devil's manner.' now i feel it is the fiend (the devil) in my five wits that has covenanted with me that he may destroy me. this is a chapel of misfortune—evil betide it! it is the most cursed kirk that ever i came in." with his helmet on his head, and spear in his hand, he roams up to the rock, and then he hears from that high hill beyond the brook a wondrous wild noise. lo! it clattered in the cliff as if one upon a grindstone were grinding a scythe. it whirred like the water at a mill, and rushed and re-echoed, terrible to hear. "though my life i forgo," says gawayne, "no noise shall cause me to fear." then he cried aloud, "who dwells in this place, discourse with me to hold? for now is good gawayne going right here if any brave wight will hie him hither, either now or never" (ll. 2189-2216). "abide," quoth one on the bank above, over his head, "and thou shalt have all in haste that i promised thee once." soon there comes out of a hole in the crag, with a fell weapon a danish axe quite new, the "man in the green," clothed as at first as his legs, locks and beard. but now he is on foot and walks on the earth. when he reaches the stream, he hops over and boldly strides about. he meets sir gawayne, who tells him that he is quite ready to fulfil his part of the compact. "gawayne," quoth that 'green gome' (man), "may god preserve thee! truly thou art welcome to my place, 'and thou hast timed thy travel' as a true man should. thou knowest the covenants made between us, at this time twelve-month, that on new year's day i should return thee thy blow. we are now in this valley by ourselves, and can do as we please (ll. 2217-2246). have, therefore, thy helmet off thy head, and 'have here thy pay.' let us have no more talk than when thou didst strike off my head with a single blow." "nay, by god!" quoth gawayne, "i shall not begrudge thee thy will for any harm that may happen, but will stand still while thou strikest." then he stoops a little and shows his bare neck, unmoved by any fear. the green knight takes up his "grim tool," and with all his force raises it aloft, as if he meant utterly to destroy him. as the axe came gliding down gawayne "shrank a little with the shoulders from the sharp iron." the other withheld his weapon, and then reproved the prince with many proud words. "thou art not gawayne that is so good esteemed, that never feared for no host by hill nor by vale, for now thou fleest for fear before thou feelest harm (ll. 2247-2272). such cowardice of that knight did i never hear. i never flinched nor fled when thou didst aim at me in king arthur's house. my head flew to my feet and yet i never fled, wherefore i deserve to be called the better man." quoth gawayne, "i shunted once, but will do so no more, though my head fall on the stones. but hasten and bring me to the point; deal me my destiny, and do it out of hand, for i shall stand thee a stroke and start no more until thine axe has hit me—have here my troth." "have at thee, then," said the other, and heaves the axe aloft, and looks as savagely as if he were mad. he aims at the other mightily, but withholds his hand ere it might hurt. gawayne readily abides the blow without flinching with any member, and stood still as a stone or a tree fixed in rocky ground with a hundred roots. then merrily the other did speak, "since now thou hast thy heart whole it behoves me to strike, so take care of thy neck." gawayne answers with great wroth, "thrash on, thou fierce man, thou threatenest too long; i believe thy own heart fails thee." "forsooth," quoth the other, "since thou speakest so boldly, i will no longer delay" (ll. 2273-2304). then, contracting "both lips and brow," he made ready to strike, and let fall his axe on the bare neck of sir gawayne. "though he hammered" fiercely, he only "severed the hide," causing the blood to flow. when gawayne saw his blood on the snow, he quickly seized his helmet and placed it on his head. then he drew out his bright sword, and thus angrily spoke: "cease, man, of thy blow, bid me no more. i have received a stroke in this place without opposition, but if thou givest me any more readily shall i requite thee, of that be thou sure. our covenant stipulates one stroke, and therefore now cease." the green knight, resting on his axe, looks on sir gawayne, as bold and fearless he there stood, and then with a loud voice thus addresses the knight: "bold knight, be not so wroth, no man here has wronged thee (ll. 2305-2339); i promised thee a stroke, and thou hast it, so hold thee well pleased. i could have dealt much worse with thee, and caused thee much sorrow. two blows i aimed at thee, for twice thou kissedst my fair wife; but i struck thee not, because thou restoredst them to me according to agreement. at the third time thou failedst, and therefore i have given thee that tap. that woven girdle, given thee by my own wife, belongs to me. i know well thy kisses, thy conduct also, and the wooing of my wife, for i wrought it myself. i sent her to try thee, and truly methinks thou art the most faultless man that ever on foot went. still, sir, thou wert wanting in good faith; but as it proceeded from no immorality, thou being only desirous of saving thy life, the less i blame thee." gawayne stood confounded, the blood rushed into his face, and he shrank within himself for very shame. "cursed," he cried, "be cowardice and covetousness both; in you are villany and vice, that virtue destroy." then he takes off the girdle and throws it to the knight in green, cursing his cowardice and covetousness. the green knight, laughing, thus spoke: "thou hast confessed so clean, and acknowledged thy faults, that i hold thee as pure as thou hadst never forfeited since thou wast first born. i give thee, sir, the gold-hemmed girdle as a token of thy adventure at the green chapel. come now to my castle, and we shall enjoy together the festivities of the new year" (ll. 2340-2406). "nay, forsooth," quoth the knight, "but for your kindness may god requite you. commend me to that courteous one your comely wife, who with her crafts has beguiled me. but it is no uncommon thing for a man to come to sorrow through women's wiles; for so was adam beguiled with one, and solomon with many. samson was destroyed by delilah, and david suffered much through bathsheba. 'it were indeed great bliss for a man to love them well and believe them not.' since the greatest upon earth were so beguiled, methinks i should be excused. but god reward you for your girdle, which i will ever wear in remembrance of my fault, and when pride shall exalt me, a look to this love-lace shall lessen it (ll. 2407-2438). but since ye are the lord of yonder land, from whom i have received so much honour, tell me truly your right name, and i shall ask no more questions." quoth the other, "i am called bernlak de hautdesert, through might of morgain la fay, who dwells in my house. much has she learnt of merlin, who knows all your knights at home. she brought me to your hall for to essay the prowess of the round table. she wrought this wonder to bereave you of your wits, hoping to have grieved guenever and affrighted her to death by means of the man that spoke with his head in his hand before the high table. she is even thine aunt, arthur's half sister; wherefore come to thine aunt, for all my household love thee." gawayne refuses to accompany the green knight, and so, with many embraces and kind wishes, they separate—the one to his castle, the other to arthur's court. after passing through many wild ways, our knight recovers from the wound in his neck, and at last comes safe and sound to the court of king arthur. great then was the joy of all; the king and queen kiss their brave knight, and make many enquiries about his journey. he tells them of his adventures, hiding nothing—"the chance of the chapel, the cheer of the knight, the love of the lady, and lastly of the lace." groaning for grief and shame he shows them the cut in his neck, which he had received for his unfaithfulness (ll. 2439-2504). the king and his courtiers comfort the knight—they laugh loudly at his adventures, and unanimously agree that those lords and ladies that belonged to the round table, and each knight of the brotherhood should ever after wear a bright green belt for gawayne's sake. and he upon whom it was conferred honoured it evermore after. thus in arthur's time this adventure befell, whereof the "brutus books" bear witness (ll. 2505-2530). i need not say that the brutus books we possess do not contain the legend here set forth, though it is not much more improbable than some of the statements contained in them. if the reader desires to know the relation in which this and the like stories stand to the original arthur legends, he will find it discussed in sir f. madden's preface to his edition of "syr gawayne," which also contains a sketch of the very different views taken of sir gawayne by the different romance writers. into this and other literary questions i do not enter here, as i have nothing to add to sir f. madden's statements; but in the text of the poem i have differed from him in some few readings, which will be found noticed in the notes and glossary. as the manuscript is fast fading, i am glad that the existence of the early english text society has enabled us to secure a wider diffusion of its contents before the original shall be no longer legible. we want nothing but an increased supply of members to enable us to give to a large circle of readers many an equally interesting record of early english minds. syr gawayn and the grene knyȝt. [fytte the first.] i. [fol. 91 a .] after the siege of troy siþen þe sege & þe assaut watȝ sesed at troye, þe borȝ brittened & brent to brondeȝ & askeȝ, þe tulk þat þe tra m mes of tresou n þ er wroȝt, 4 watȝ tried for his tricherie, þe trewest on erthe; hit watȝ ennias þe athel, & his high e kynde, þat siþen depreced p ro uinces, & patrou n es bicome welneȝe of al þe wele i n þe west iles, romulus built rome, 8 fro riche romulus to rome ricchis hy m swyþe, w i t h gret bobbau n ce þat burȝe he biges vpon fyrst, & neuenes hit his aune nome, as hit now hat; ticius to tuskan [turnes,] & teldes bigy n nes; 12 langaberde i n lu m bardie lyftes vp homes; and felix brutus founded britain, & fer ou er þe french flod felix brut us on mony bonkkes ful brode bretayn he setteȝ, wyth wy n ne; a land of war and wonder, 16 where werre, & wrake, & wonder, bi syþeȝ hatȝ wont þ er -i n ne, and oft of bliss and blunder. & oft boþe blysse & blu n der ful skete hatȝ skyfted sy n ne. ii. 20 ande quen þis bretayn watȝ bigged bi þis burn rych, bold men increased in the land, bolde bredden þer-i n ne, baret þat lofden, in mony turned tyme tene þat wroȝten; mo ferlyes on þis folde han fallen here oft and many marvels happened. 24 þen in any oþ er þat i wot, syn þat ilk tyme. of all britain's kings arthur was the noblest. bot of alle þat here bult of bretaygne ky n ges ay watȝ arthur þe hendest; as i haf herde telle; [fol. 91 b .] for-þi an au n t er in erde i attle to schawe, 28 þat a selly in siȝt su m me men hit holden, & an outtrage awenture of arthureȝ wond er eȝ; listen a while and ye shall hear the story of an "outrageous adventure." if ȝe wyl lysten þis laye bot on littel quile, i schal telle hit, as-tit, as i i n tou n herde, 32 w i t h tonge; as hit is stad & stoken, in stori stif & stronge, w i t h lel lett er es loken, 36 i n londe so hatȝ ben longe. iii. arthur held at camelot his christmas feast, þis ky n g lay at camylot vpon kryst-masse, w i t h mony luflych lorde, ledeȝ of þe best, with all the knights of the round table, rekenly of þe rou n de table alle þo rich breþ er , 40 w i t h rych reuel oryȝt, & rechles m er þes; þ er to ur nayed tulkes bi-tymeȝ ful mony, iusted ful iolilé þise gentyle kniȝtes, syþen kayred to þe court, caroles to make. full fifteen days. 44 for þer þe fest watȝ ilyche ful fiften dayes, with alle þe mete & þe mirþe þat me n couþe a-vyse; such glaumande gle glorio us to here, dere dyn vp-on day, dau n sy n g on nyȝtes, all was joy in hall and chamber, 48 al watȝ hap vpon heȝe i n halleȝ & chambreȝ, with lordeȝ & ladies, as leuest hi m þoȝt; with all þe wele of þe worlde þay woned þ er samen, among brave knights and lovely ladies, þe most kyd knyȝteȝ vnder kryst e seluen, 52 & þe louelokkest ladies þat eu er lif haden, & he þe comlokest ky n g þat þe court haldes; for al watȝ þis fayre folk i n her first age, on sille; the happiest under heaven. 56 þe hapnest vnder heuen, ky n g hyȝest mo n of wylle, hit were 1 now gret nye to neue n so hardy a here o n hille. 1 ms. werere. iv. they celebrate the new year with great joy. 60 wyle nw ȝer watȝ so ȝep þat h i t watȝ nwe cu m men, þat day doubble on þe dece watȝ þe douth serued, fro þe ky n g watȝ cu m men w i t h knyȝt es i n to þe halle, þe chau n tre of þe chapel cheued to an ende; 64 loude crye watȝ þer kest of clerkeȝ & oþer, [fol. 92] nowel nayted o-newe, neuened ful ofte; & syþen riche forth ru n nen to reche honde-selle, gifts are demanded and bestowed. ȝeȝed ȝeres ȝiftes on hiȝ, ȝelde hem bi hond, 68 debated busyly aboute þo giftes; ladies laȝed ful loude, þoȝ þay lost haden, & he þat wan watȝ not wrothe, þ a t may ȝe wel trawe. lords and ladies take their seats at the table. alle þis mirþe þay maden to þe mete tyme; 72 when þay had waschen, worþyly þay wenten to sete, þe best burne ay abof, as hit best semed; queen guenever appears gaily dressed. whene guenore ful gay, grayþed i n þe myddes. dressed on þe dere des, dubbed al aboute, 76 smal sendal bisides, a selure hir ou er of tryed tolouse, of tars tapites i n -nogh e , þat were enbrawded & beten wyth þe best ge m mes, þat myȝt be preued of prys wyth penyes to bye, 80 in daye; a lady fairer of form might no one say he had ever before seen. þe comlokest to discrye, þer glent w i t h yȝen gray, a semloker þat eu er he syȝe, 84 soth moȝt no mon say. v. arthur would not eat, bot arthure wolde not ete til al were serued, he watȝ so ioly of his ioyfnes, & su m -quat child gered, his lif liked hy m lyȝt, he louied þe lasse nor would he long sit 88 auþ er to lenge lye, or to longe sitte, so bi-sied him his ȝonge blod & his brayn wylde; & also anoþ er maner meued hi m eke, þat he þurȝ nobelay had nomen, ho wolde neu er ete 92 vpon such a dere day, er hy m deuised were until he had witnessed a "wondrous adventure" of some kind. of su m auentur us þy n g an vncouþe tale, of su m mayn m er uayle, þat he myȝt trawe, of 1 alderes, of armes, of oþ er auentur us , 96 oþ er sum segg hy m bi-soȝt of su m siker knyȝt, to ioyne wyth hy m i n iusty n g in iopardé to lay, lede lif for lyf, leue vchon oþ er , as fortune wolde fulsu n ho m þe fayrer to haue. 100 þis watȝ [þe] ky n ges cou n tenau n ce where he i n co ur t were, at vch farand fest amo n g his fre meny, [fol. 92 b .] in halle; he of face so bold makes much mirth with all. þer-fore of face so fere. 104 he stiȝtleȝ stif in stalle, ful ȝep i n þat nw ȝere, much mirthe he mas w i t h alle. 1 of of, in ms. vi. the king talks with his knights. thus þ er stondes i n stale þe stif ky n g his-seluen, 108 talkkande bifore þe hyȝe table of trifles ful hende gawayne, there gode gawan watȝ g ra yþed, gwenore bisyde agravayn, & ag ra uayn a la dure mayn on þat oþ er syde sittes boþe þe ky n ges sist er su n es, & ful siker kniȝtes; bishop bawdewyn, 112 bischop bawdewyn abof bi-gineȝ þe table, and ywain sit on the dais. & ywan, vryn son, ette wit hy m -seluen; þise were diȝt on þe des, & derworþly serued, & siþen mony siker segge at þe sidbordeȝ. the first course is served with cracking of trumpets. 116 þe n þe first cors come with crakky n g of tru m pes, wyth mony baner ful bryȝt, þat þer-bi henged, nwe nakryn noyse w i t h þe noble pipes, wylde werbles & wyȝt wakned lote, 120 þat mony hert ful hiȝe hef at her towches; it consisted of all dainties in season. dayntes dryuen þer-wyth of ful dere metes, foysou n of þe fresche, & on so fele disches, þat pine to fynde þe place þe peple bi-forne 124 for to sette þe syluen er , 1 þat sere sewes halden, on clothe; iche lede as he loued hy m -selue þer laght w i t h -outen loþe, each two had dishes twelve, 128 ay two had disches twelue, good beer and bright wine both. good ber, & bryȝt wyn boþe. 1 svlu er en (?) (dishes). vii. there was no want of anything. now wyl i of hor seruise say yow no more, for veh wyȝe may wel wit no wont þat þ er were; scarcely had the first course commenced, 132 an oþ er noyse ful newe neȝed biliue, þat þe lude myȝt haf leue lif-lode to cach. for vneþe watȝ þe noyce not a whyle sesed, & þe fyrst co ur ce i n þe co ur t kyndely serued, when there rushes in at the hall-door a knight; 136 þer hales i n at þe halle dor an aghlich mayst er , on þe most on þe molde on mesure hygh e ; fro þe swyre to þe swange so sware & so þik, the tallest on earth & his lyndes & his lymes so longe & so grete, [fol. 93.] 140 half etayn i n erde i hope þat he were. he must have been. bot mon most i algate my n n hy m to bene, & þat þe myriest i n his muckel þat myȝt ride; his back and breast were great, for of bak & of brest al were his bodi sturne, but his belly and waist were small. 144 bot his wombe & his wast were worthily smale, & alle his fetures folȝande, i n forme þat he hade, ful clene; for wonder of his hwe me n hade, 148 set i n his semblau n t sene; he ferde as freke were fade, & ou er -al enker grene. viii. he was clothed entirely in green. ande al grayþed i n grene þis gome & his wedes, 152 a strayt cote ful streȝt, þat stek on his sides, a mere mantile abof, mensked w i t h -i n ne, w i t h pelure pured apert þe pane ful clene, w i t h blyþe blau n n er ful bryȝt, & his hod boþe, 156 þat watȝ laȝt fro his lokkeȝ, & layde on his schulderes heme wel haled, hose of þat same grene, his spurs were of bright gold. þat spenet on his sparlyr, & clene spures vnder, of bryȝt golde, vpon silk bordes, barred ful ryche 160 & scholes vnder schankes, þere þe schalk rides; & alle his vesture uerayly watȝ clene v er dure, boþe þe barres of his belt & oþ er blyþe stones, þ a t were richely rayled i n his aray clene, his saddle was embroidered with birds and flies. 164 aboutte hy m -self & his sadel, vpon silk werkeȝ, þat were to tor for to telle of tryfles þe halue, þat were enbrauded abof, wyth bryddes & flyȝes, with gay gaudi of grene, þe golde ay i n myddes; 168 þe pendau n tes of his payttrure, þe proude cropure his molaynes, & alle þe metail anamayld was þe n ne þe steropes þat he stod on, stayned of þe same, & his arsou n ȝ al after, & his aþel sturtes, 172 þat euer glem er ed 1 & glent al of grene stones. the foal that he rode upon was green; þe fole þat he ferkkes on, fyn of þat ilke, sertayn; a grene hors gret & þikke, it was a steed full stiff to guide. 176 a stede ful stif to strayne, i n brawden brydel quik, [fol. 93 b .] to þe gome he watȝ ful gayn. 1 glemed (?). ix. gaily was the knight attired. wel gay watȝ þis gome gered i n grene, 180 & þe here of his hed of his hors swete; fayre fannand fax vmbe-foldes his schulderes; his great beard, like a bush, hung on his breast. a much berd as 1 a busk ou er his brest henges, þat wyth his hiȝlich here, þat of his hed reches, 184 watȝ euesed al vmbe-torne, a-bof his elbowes, þat half his armes þer vnder were halched i n þe wyse of a ky n geȝ capados, þat closes his swyre. the horse's mane was decked with golden threads. þe mane of þat mayn hors much to hit lyke, 188 wel cresped & ce m med wyth knottes ful mony, folden i n wyth fildore aboute þe fayre grene, ay a herle of þe here, an oþ er of golde; its tail was bound with a green band. þe tayl & his toppy n g twy n nen of a sute, 192 & bou n den boþe wyth a bande of a bryȝt grene, dubbed wyth ful dere stoneȝ, as þe dok lasted, syþen þrawen wyth a þwong a þwarle knot alofte, þer mony belleȝ ful bryȝt of brende golde rungen. such a foal nor a knight were never before seen. 196 such a fole vpon folde, ne freke þat hy m rydes, watȝ neu er sene i n þat sale wyth syȝt er þat tyme, w i t h yȝe; he loked as layt so lyȝt, 200 so sayd al þat hy m syȝe, it seemed that no man might endure his dints. hit semed as no mon myȝt, vnd er his dyntteȝ dryȝe. 1 as as, in ms. x. the knight carried neither spear nor shield, wheþ er hade he no helme ne hawb[e]rgh nauþ er , 204 ne no pysan, ne no plate þat pented to armes, ne no schafte, ne no schelde, to schwne ne to smyte, in one hand was a holly bough, bot i n his on honde he hade a holyn bobbe, þat is grattest i n grene, when greueȝ ar bare, in the other an axe, 208 & an ax i n his oþ er , a hoge & vn-mete, a spetos sparþe to expou n i n spelle quo-so myȝt; þe hede of an elnȝerde þe large lenkþe hade, þe grayn al of grene stele & of golde hewen, the edge of which was as keen as a sharp razor, 212 þe bit burnyst bryȝt, w i t h a brod egge, as wel schapen to schere as scharp rasores; þe stele of a stif staf þe sturne hit bi-grypte, [fol. 94.] þat watȝ wou n den wyth yrn to þe wandeȝ ende, and the handle was encased in iron, curiously "graven with green, in gracious works." 216 & al bigrauen w i t h grene, i n g ra cios 1 werkes; a lace lapped aboute, þat louked at þe hede, & so aft er þe halme halched ful ofte, wyth tryed tasseleȝ þerto tacched i n -noghe, thus arrayed the green knight enters the hall, 220 on botou n ȝ of þe bryȝt grene brayden ful ryche. þis haþel heldeȝ hy m i n , & þe halle entres, driuande to þe heȝe dece, dut he no woþe, without saluting any one. haylsed he neu er one, bot heȝe he ou er loked. 224 þe fyrst word þat he warp, "wher is," he sayd, he asks for the "governor" of the company, "þe gou er no ur of þis gy n g? gladly i wolde se þat segg i n syȝt, & w i t h hy m self speke raysou n ." 228 to knyȝteȝ he kest his yȝe, & reled hy m vp & dou n , and looks for the most renowned. he stemmed & con studie, quo walt þer most renou n . 1 looks like graco n s in ms . xi. much they marvel to see a man and a horse 232 ther watȝ loky n g on lenþe, þe lude to be-holde, for vch mo n had meruayle quat hit mene myȝt, þat a haþel & a horse myȝt such a hwe lach, as green as grass. as growe grene as þe gres & grener hit semed, 236 þen grene aumayl on golde lowande bryȝte r ; al studied þat þ er stod, & stalked hy m nerre, never before had they seen such a sight as this. wyth al þe wonder of þe worlde, what he worch schulde. for fele sellyeȝ had þay sen, bot such neu er are, 240 for-þi for fantou m & fayryȝe þe folk þere hit demed; they were afraid to answer, þer-fore to answare watȝ arȝe mony aþel freke, & al stouned at his steuen, & stonstil seten, and were as silent as if sleep had taken possession of them; in a swogh e sylence þurȝ þe sale riche 244 as al were slypped vpon slepe so slaked hor loteȝ i n hyȝe; i deme hit not al for doute, some from fear and others from courtesy. bot su m for cortaysye, 248 bot let hy m þat al schulde loute, cast vnto þat wyȝe. xii. arthur salutes the green knight. þe n n arþo ur bifore þe hiȝ dece þat auenture byholdeȝ, & rekenly hy m reu er enced, for rad was he neu er , 252 & sayde, "wyȝe, welcu m iwys to þis place, [fol. 94 b .] bids him welcome, and invites him to stay awhile. þe hede of þis ostel artho ur i hat, liȝt luflych adou n , & lenge, i þe praye, & quat so þy wylle is, we schal wyt aft er ." the knight says that he will not tarry. 256 "nay, as help me," q uod þe haþel, "he þat on hyȝe syttes, to wone any quyle i n þis won, hit watȝ not my n ernde; bot for þe los of þe lede is lyft vp so hyȝe, & þy burȝ & þy burnes best ar holden, 260 stifest vnder stel-gere on stedes to ryde, he seeks the most valiant that he may prove him. þe wyȝtest & þe worþyest of þe worldes kynde, preue for to play wyth in oþ er pure laykeȝ; & here is kydde cortaysye, as i haf herd carp, 264 & þat hatȝ wayned me hider, i-wyis, at þis tyme. ȝe may be seker bi þis brau n ch þat i bere here, he comes in peace. þat i passe as i n pes, & no plyȝt seche; for had i fou n ded i n fere, i n feȝty n g wyse, at home, however, he has both shield and spear. 268 i haue a haubergh e at home & a helme boþe, a schelde, & a scharp spere, schinande bryȝt, ande oþ er weppenes to welde, i wene wel als, bot for i wolde no were, my wedeȝ ar soft er . 272 bot if þ o u be so bold as alle burneȝ tellen, þ o u wyl g ra nt me godly þe gomen þat i ask, bi ryȝt." arthur assures him that he shall not fail to find an opponent worthy of him. artho ur con onsware, 276 & sayd, "s ir cortays knyȝt, if þ o u craue batayl bare, here fayleȝ þ o u not to fyȝt." xiii. "i seek no fight," says the knight. "nay, frayst i no fyȝt, i n fayth i þe telle, "'here are only beardless children.' 280 hit arn aboute on þis bench bot berdleȝ chylder; if i were hasped i n armes on a heȝe stede, here is no man to match me. here is no mon me to mach, for myȝteȝ so 1 wayke. for-þy i craue i n þis co ur t a crystmas gome n , here are brave ones many, 284 for hit is ȝol & nwe ȝer, & here ar ȝep mony; if any so hardy i n þis ho us holdeȝ hy m -seluen, if any be bold enough to 'strike a stroke for another,' be so bolde i n his blod, brayn i n hys hede, þat dar stifly strike a strok for an oþ er , 288 i schal gif hy m of my gyft þys giserne ryche, this axe shall be his; þis ax, þat is heué i n -nogh, to hondel e as hy m lykes, [fol. 95.] & i schal bide þe fyrst bur, as bare as i sitte. if any freke be so felle to fonde þat i telle, 292 lepe lyȝtly me to, & lach þis weppen, i quit clayme hit for eu er , kepe hit as his auen, but i shall give him a 'stroke' in return & i schal stonde hy m a strok, stif on þis flet, elleȝ þ o u wyl diȝt me þe dom to dele hy m an oþ er , 296 barlay; & ȝet gif hy m respite, within a twelvemonth and a day." a twelmonyth & a day;— now hyȝe, & let se tite 300 dar any her-i n ne oȝt say." 1 ms. fo. xiv. fear kept all silent. if he hem stowned vpon fyrst, stiller were þa n ne alle þe hered-men i n halle, þe hyȝ & þe loȝe; the knight rolled his red eyes about, þe renk on his rou n ce hy m ruched i n his sadel, 304 & runisch-ly his rede yȝen he reled aboute, and bent his bristly green brows. bende his bresed broȝeȝ, bly-cande grene, waving his beard awhile, he exclaimed: wayued his berde for to wayte quo-so wolde ryse. when non wolde kepe hy m w i t h carp he coȝed ful hyȝe, 308 ande rimed hy m ful richl e y, & ryȝt hy m to speke: "what! is this arthur's court? "what, is þis arþures ho us ," q uod þe haþel þe n ne, "þat al þe ro us re n nes of, þurȝ ryalmes so mony? where is now yo ur so ur quydrye & yo ur co n questes, 312 yo ur gry[n]del-layk, & yo ur greme, & yo ur grete wordes? forsooth the renown of the round table is overturned 'with a word of one man's speech.'" now is þe reuel & þe renou n of þe rou n de table ou er -walt wyth a worde of on wyȝes speche; for al dares for drede, w i t h -oute dynt schewed!" 316 wyth þis he laȝes so loude, þat þe lorde greued; arthur blushes for shame. þe blod schot for scham i n -to his schyre face & lere; he waxes as wroth as the wind. he wex as wroth as wynde, 320 so did alle þat þer were þe ky n g as kene bi kynde, þe n stod þat stif mon nere. xv. he assures the knight that no one is afraid of his great words. ande sayde, "haþel, by heuen þy n asky n g is nys, 324 & as þ o u foly hatȝ frayst, fynde þe be-houes; i know no gome þat is gast of þy grete wordes. gif me now þy geserne, vpon godeȝ halue, & i schal bayþen þy bone, þat þ o u boden habbes." [fol. 95 b .] 328 lyȝtly lepeȝ he hy m to, & laȝt at his honde; þen feersly þat oþ er freke vpon fote lyȝtis. arthur seizes his axe. now hatȝ arthure his axe, & þe halme grypeȝ, & sturnely stureȝ hit aboute, þat stryke wyth hit þoȝt. 332 þe stif mon hy m bifore stod vpon hyȝt, herre þen ani in þe ho us by þe hede & more; the knight, stroking his beard, awaits the blow, and with a "dry countenance" draws down his coat. wyth sturne schere 1 þer he stod, he stroked his berde, & wyth a cou n tenau n ce dryȝe he droȝ dou n his cote, 336 no more mate ne dismayd for hys may n dinteȝ, þen any burne vpon bench hade broȝt hy m to drynk of wyne, sir gawayne beseeches the king to let him undertake the blow. gawan, þat sate bi þe quene, 340 to þe ky n g he can enclyne, "i be-seche now w i t h saȝeȝ sene, þis melly mot be myne." 1 chere (?). xvi. "wolde ȝe, worþilych lorde," q uod gawan to þe ky n g, he asks permission to leave the table; he says, 344 "bid me boȝe fro þis benche, & stonde by yow þere, þat i wyth-oute vylanye myȝt voyde þis table, & þat my legge lady lyked not ille, i wolde com to yo ur cou n seyl, bifore yo ur cort ryche. it is not meet that arthur should be active in the matter, 348 for me þink hit not semly, as hit is soþ knawen, þer such an asky n g is heuened so hyȝe i n yo ur sale, þaȝȝe ȝo ur -self be talenttyf to take hit to yo ur -seluen, while so many bold ones sit upon bench. whil mony so bolde yow aboute vpon bench sytten, 352 þat vnder heuen, i hope, non haȝer er of wylle, ne bett er bodyes on bent, þer baret is rered; although the weakest, he is quite ready to meet the green knight. i am þe wakkest, i wot, and of wyt feblest, & lest lur of my lyf, quo laytes þe soþe, 356 bot for as much as ȝe ar myn em, i am only to prayse, no bou n té bot yo ur blod i in my bodé knowe; & syþen þis note is so nys, þ a t noȝt hit yow falles, & i haue frayned hit at yow fyrst, foldeȝ hit to me, 360 & if i carp not comlyly, let alle þis cort rych, bout blame." the nobles entreat arthur to "give gawayne the game." ryche to-geder con rou n , & syþen þay redden alle same, 364 to ryd þe ky n g wyth crou n , & gif gawan þe game. xvii. [fol. 96.] þen comau n ded þe ky n g þe knyȝt for to ryse; & he ful radly vp ros, & ruchched hy m fayre, the king gives his nephew his weapon, 368 kneled dou n bifore þe ky n g, & cacheȝ þat weppen; & he luflyly hit hy m laft, & lyfte vp his honde, & gef hy m goddeȝ blessy n g, & gladly hy m biddes and tells him to keep heart and hand steady. þat his hert & his honde schulde hardi be boþe. 372 "kepe þe cosyn," q uod þe ky n g, "þat þ o u on kyrf sette, & if þou redeȝ hy m ryȝt, redly i trowe, þat þou schal byden þe bur þat he schal bede aft er . gawan gotȝ to þe gome, w i t h giserne i n honde, 376 & he baldly hy m bydeȝ, he bayst neu er þe helder the green knight enquires the name of his opponent. þen carppeȝ to s ir gawan þe knyȝt i n þe grene, "refourme we oure for-wardes, er we fyrre passe. fyrst i eþe þe, haþel, how þat þou hattes, 380 þat þ o u me telle truly, as i tryst may?" sir gawayne tells him his name, and declares that he is willing to give and receive a blow. "in god fayth," q uod þe goode knyȝt, "gawan i hatte, þat bede þe þis buffet, quat-so bi-falleȝ aft er , & at þis tyme twelmonyth take at þe anoþ er , 384 wyth what weppen so 1 þ o u wylt, & wyth no wyȝ elleȝ, on lyue." þat oþ er on-swareȝ agayn, "sir gawan, so mot i þryue, the other thereof is glad. 388 as i am ferly fayn. þis dint þat þ o u schal dryue." 1 ms. fo. xviii. "it pleases me well, sir gawayne," says the green knight, "that i shall receive a blow from thy fist; but thou must swear that thou wilt seek me, "bigog," q uod þe grene knyȝt, "s ir gawan, melykes, þat i schal fange at þy fust þat i haf frayst here; 392 & þ o u hatȝ redily rehersed, bi resou n ful trwe, clanly al þe couenau n t þat i þe ky n ge asked, saf þat þ o u schal siker me, segge, bi þi trawþe, þat þ o u schal seche me þi-self, where-so þ o u hopes 396 i may be funde vpon folde, & foch þe such wages to receive the blow in return." as þ o u deles me to day, bifore þis douþe ryche." "where shall i seek thee?" says sir gawayne; "where schulde i wale þe," q uod gauan, "where is þy place? i wot neu er where þ o u wonyes, bi hy m þat me wroȝt, 400 ne i know not þe, knyȝt, þy cort, ne þi name. "tell me thy name and abode and i will find thee." bot teche me truly þer-to, & telle me howe þ o u hattes, & i schal ware alle my wyt to wy n ne me þeder, [fol. 96 b .] & þat i swere þe for soþe, & by my seker traweþ." 404 "þat is in-nogh in nwe ȝer, hit nedes no more," q uod þe gome i n þe grene to gawan þe hende, "when thou hast smitten me," says the knight, "then tell i thee of my home and name; "ȝif i þe telle trwly, quen i þe tape haue, & þ o u me smoþely hatȝ smyten, smartly i þe teche 408 of my ho us , & my home, & myn owen nome, þen may þ o u frayst my fare, & forwardeȝ holde, if i speak not at all, so much the better for thee. & if i spende no speche, þe n ne spedeȝ þ o u þe bett er , for þ o u may leng i n þy londe, & layt no fyrre, 412 bot slokes; take now thy grim tool, and let us see how thou knockest." ta now þy gry m me tole to þe, & let se how þ o u cnokeȝ." "gladly s ir , for soþe," 416 q uod gawan; his ax he strokes. xix. the green knight the grene knyȝt vpon grou n de grayþely hy m dresses, a littel lut w i t h þe hede, þe lere he discou er eȝ, puts his long lovely locks aside and lays bare his neck. his longe louelych lokkeȝ he layd ou er his crou n . 420 let þe naked nec to þe note schewe. gauan gripped to his ax, & gederes hit on hyȝt, þe kay fot on þe folde he be-fore sette, sir gawayne lets fall his axe let hit dou n lyȝtly lyȝt on þe naked, 424 þat þe scharp of þe schalk schyndered þe bones, and severs the head from the body. & schra n k þurȝ þe schyire grece, & scade hit i n twy n ne, þat þe bit of þe brou n stel bot on þe grou n de. the head falls to the earth. þe fayre hede fro þe halce hit [felle] to þe erþe, many kick it aside with their feet. 428 þat fele hit foyned wyth her fete, þere hit forth roled; þe blod brayd fro þe body, þ a t blykked on þe grene; the knight never falters; & nawþer falt er ed ne fel þe freke neu er þe helder, bot styþly he start forth vpon styf schonkes, he rushes forth, seizes his head, 432 & ru[n]yschly he raȝt out, þere as renkkeȝ stoden, laȝt to his lufly hed, & lyft hit vp sone; & syþen boȝeȝ to his blonk, þe brydel he cachcheȝ, steps into the saddle, steppeȝ i n to stel bawe & strydeȝ alofte, holding the while the head in his hand by the hair, 436 & his hede by þe here i n his honde haldeȝ; & as sadly þe segge hy m i n his sadel sette, as non vnhap had hy m ayled, þaȝ hedleȝ he 1 we[re], i n stedde; and turns his horse about. 440 he brayde his bluk 2 aboute, [fol. 97.] þat vgly bodi þat bledde, moni on of hy m had doute, bi þat his resou n ȝ were redde. 1 ms. ho. 2 blunk (?). xx. 444 for þe hede in his honde he haldeȝ vp euen, the head lifts up its eyelids, to-ward þe derrest on þe dece he dresseȝ þe face, & hit lyfte vp þe yȝe-lyddeȝ, & loked ful brode, and addresses sir gawayne; "look thou, be ready to go as thou hast promised, & meled þ us much w i t h his muthe, as ȝe may now here. 448 "loke, gawan, þ o u be grayþe to go as þ o u hetteȝ, & layte as lelly til þ o u me, lude, fynde, and seek till thou findest me. as þ o u hatȝ hette i n þis halle, herande þise knyȝtes; get thee to the green chapel, to þe grene chapel þ o u chose, i charge þe to fotte, 452 such a dunt as þ o u hatȝ dalt disserued þ o u habbeȝ, there to receive a blow on new year's morn. to be ȝederly ȝolden on nw ȝeres morn; þe knyȝt of þe grene chapel men knowen me mony; fail thou never; for-þi me forto fynde if þ o u fraysteȝ, fayleȝ þ o u neu er , come, or recreant be called." 456 þer-fore com, oþ er recreau n t be calde þe be-houe us ." with a runisch rout þe rayneȝ he torneȝ, the green knight then rushes out of the hall, his head in his hand. halled out at þe hal-dor, his hed i n his hande, þat þe fyr of þe flynt flaȝe fro fole houes. 460 to quat kyth he be-com, knwe non þere, neu er more þen þay wyste fram queþen he watȝ wo n nen; what þe n ne? þe ky n g & gawen þare, at that green one arthur and gawayne "laugh and grin." 464 at þat grene þay laȝe & gre n ne, ȝet breued watȝ hit ful bare, a m er uayl amo ng þo me n ne. xxi. arthur addresses the queen: þaȝ arþ er þe hende ky n g at hert hade wonder, 468 he let no semblau n t be sene, bot sayde ful hyȝe to þe comlych quene, wyth cortays speche, "dear dame, be not dismayed; such marvels well become the christmas festival; "dere dame, to day demay yow neu er ; wel by-co m mes such craft vpon c r istmasse, 472 layky n g of ent er ludeȝ, to laȝe & to syng. amo n g þise, kynde caroles of knyȝteȝ & ladyeȝ; i may now go to meat. neu er -þe-lece to my mete i may me wel dres, for i haf sen a selly, i may not for-sake." 476 he glent vpon s ir gawen, & gaynly he sayde, sir gawayne, hang up thine axe. "now s ir , heng vp þyn ax, þat hatȝ i n -nogh hewen." [fol. 97 b .] & hit watȝ don abof þe dece, on doser to henge, þer alle men for m er uayl myȝt on hit loke, 480 & bi trwe tytel þ er -of to telle þe wonder. the king and his knights sit feasting at the board till day is ended. þe n ne þay boȝed to a borde þise burnes to-geder, þe ky n g & þe gode knyȝt, & kene me n he m serued of alle dayntyeȝ double, as derrest myȝt falle, 484 wyth alle maner of mete & mynstralcie boþe; wyth wele walt þay þat day, til worþed an ende, in londe. now beware, sir gawayne, lest thou fail to seek the adventure that thou hast taken in hand. now þenk wel, s ir gawan, 488 for woþe þat þ o u ne wonde, þis auenture forto frayn, þat þ o u hatȝ tan on honde. [fytte the second.] i. this marvel serves to keep up a brisk conversation in court. this hansell e hatȝ arthur of auenturus on fyrst, 492 in ȝonge ȝer, for he ȝerned ȝelpy n g to here, thaȝ hym wordeȝ were wane, when þay to sete wenten; now ar þay stoken of sturne werk staf-ful her hond. gawan watȝ glad to be-gy n ne þose gomneȝ i n halle, 496 bot þaȝ þe ende be heuy, haf ȝe no wonder; for þaȝ men be n mery in my n de, quen þay han mayn drynk, the year passes full quickly and never returns. a ȝere ȝernes ful ȝerne, & ȝeldeȝ neu er lyke, þe forme to þe fynisment foldeȝ ful selden. 500 for-þi þis ȝol ou er -ȝede, & þe ȝere aft er , & vche sesou n serlepes sued after oþ er ; after christmas comes the "crabbed lenten." after crysten-masse com þe crabbed lentou n , þat fraysteȝ flesch wyth þe fysche & fode more symple 504 bot þe n ne þe weder of þe worlde wyth wynter hit þrepeȝ, spring sets in and warm showers descend; colde clengeȝ adou n , cloudeȝ vp-lyften, schyre schedeȝ þe rayn i n schowreȝ ful warme, falleȝ vpon fayre flat, flowreȝ þere schewen, the groves become green, 508 boþe grou n deȝ & þe greueȝ grene ar her wedeȝ, birds build and sing, bryddeȝ busken to bylde, & bremlych sy n gen, for joy of the summer that follows; for solace of þe softe som er þat sues þer aft er , bi bonk; blossoms begin to bloom, 512 & blossu m eȝ bolne to blowe, bi raweȝ rych & ronk, and noble notes are heard in the woods þe n noteȝ noble i n -noȝe, [fol. 98] ar herde in wod so wlonk. ii. then the soft winds of summer, 516 after þe sesou n of som er wyth þe soft wyndeȝ, quen ȝefer us syfleȝ hy m -self on sedeȝ & erbeȝ, beautiful are the flowers wet with dew-drops. wela-wy n ne is þe wort þat woxes þer-oute. when þe donkande dewe dropeȝ of þe leueȝ, 520 to bide a blysful blusch of þe bryȝt su n ne. but harvest approaches soon, bot þe n hyȝes heruest, & hardenes hy m sone. warneȝ hy m for þe wynter to wax ful rype; and drives the dust about. he dryues wyth droȝt þe dust for to ryse. 524 fro þe face of þe folde to flyȝe ful hyȝe; wroþe wynde of þe welkyn wrasteleȝ w i t h þe su n ne, the leaves drop off the trees, þe leueȝ lancen fro þe lynde, & lyȝten on þe grou n de, the grass becomes gray, and all ripens and rots. & al grayes þe gres, þat grene watȝ ere; 528 þe n ne al rypeȝ & roteȝ þat ros vpon fyrst, & þ us ȝirneȝ þe ȝere i n ȝisterdayeȝ mony, winter winds round again, & wynter wyndeȝ aȝayn, as þe worlde askeȝ no sage. 532 til meȝel-mas mone, watȝ cu m en wyth wynter wage; and then sir gawayne thinks of his dread journey. þen þenkkeȝ gawan ful sone, of his anio us uyage. iii. on all-hallows day arthur makes a feast for his nephew's sake. 536 ȝet quyl al-hal-day w i t h arþ er he lenges, & he made a fare on þ a t fest, for þe frekeȝ sake, w i t h much reuel & ryche of þe rou n de table; knyȝteȝ ful cortays & comlych ladies, 540 al for luf of þat lede i n longy n ge þay were, bot neu er -þe-lece ne þe lat er þay neuened bot m er þe, mony ioyleȝ for þat ientyle iapeȝ þer maden. after meat, sir gawayne thus speaks to his uncle: for aftter mete, w i t h mo ur ny n g he meleȝ to his eme, 544 & spekeȝ of his passage, & pertly he sayde, "now, liege lord, i ask leave of you, "now, lege lorde of my lyf, leue i yow ask; ȝe knowe þe cost of þis cace, kepe i no more to telle yow teneȝ þer-of neu er bot t r ifel; for i am bound on the morn to seek the green knight." 548 bot i am bou n to þe bur barely to morne, to sech þe gome of þe grene, as god wyl me wysse." þe n ne þe best of þe burȝ boȝed to-geder, aywan, & errik, & oþ er ful mony, [fol. 98 b .] 552 s ir doddinaual de sauage, þe duk of clarence, launcelot, & lyonel, & lucan þe gode, s ir boos, & sir byduer, big me n boþe, many nobles, the best of the court, counsel and comfort him. & mony oþ er menskful, w i t h mador de la port. 556 alle þis compayny of court com þe ky n g nerre, for to cou n seyl þe knyȝt, with care at her hert; much sorrow prevails in the hall. þere watȝ much derue 1 doel driuen i n þe sale, þat so worthe as wawan schulde wende on þat ernde, 560 to dryȝe a delful dynt, & dele no more wyth bronde. þe knyȝt mad ay god chere, & sayde, "quat schuld i wonde, gawayne declares that he has nothing to fear. 564 of destines derf & dere, what may mon do bot fonde?" 1 derne (?). iv. on the morn he asks for his arms. he dowelleȝ þer al þat day, and dresseȝ on þe morn, askeȝ erly hys armeȝ, & alle were þay broȝt a carpet is spread on the floor, 568 fyrst a tule tapit, tyȝt ou er þe flet, & miche watȝ þe gyld gere þat glent þer alofte; and he steps thereon. þe stif mon steppeȝ þeron, & þe stel hondoleȝ, he is dubbed in a doublet of tarsic silk, and a well-made hood. dubbed i n a dublet of a dere tars, 572 & syþen a crafty capados, closed aloft, þat wyth a bryȝt blau n ner was bou n den w i t h -i n ne; they set steel slices on his feet, and lap his legs in steel greaves. þe n ne set þay þe sabatou n ȝ vpon þe segge foteȝ, his legeȝ lapped i n stel w i t h luflych greueȝ, 576 w i t h polayneȝ piched þer-to, policed ful clene, aboute his kneȝ knaged wyth knoteȝ of golde; fair cuisses enclose his thighs, queme quyssewes þe n , þat coyntlych closed his thik þrawen þyȝeȝ w i t h þwonges to-tachched; and afterwards they put on the steel habergeon, 580 & syþen þe brawden bryne of bryȝt stel ry n geȝ, vmbe-weued þat wyȝ, vpon wlonk stuffe; well-burnished braces, elbow pieces, and gloves of plate. & wel bornyst brace vpon his boþe armes, w i t h gode cowters & gay, & gloueȝ of plate, 584 & alle þe godlych gere þat hy m gayn schulde þat tyde; over all this is placed the coat armour. wyth ryche cote armure, his spurs are then fixed, his gold sporeȝ spend w i t h pryde, and his sword is attached to his side by a silken girdle. 588 gurde wyth a bront ful sure, w i t h silk sayn vmbe his syde. v. [fol. 99 a .] thus arrayed the knight hears mass, when he watȝ hasped i n armes, his harnays watȝ ryche, þe lest lachet ou[þ] er loupe lemed of golde; 592 so harnayst as he watȝ he herkneȝ his masse, offred & hono ur ed at þe heȝe auter; and afterwards takes leave of arthur and his court. syþen he comeȝ to þe ky n g & to his cort fereȝ, lacheȝ lufly his leue at lordeȝ & ladyeȝ; 596 & þay hy m kyst & conueyed, bikende hy m to kryst. by that time his horse gringolet was ready, bi þat watȝ gryngolet grayth, & gurde w i t h a sadel, þat glemed ful gayly w i t h mony golde frenges, ay quere naylet ful nwe for þat note ryched; 600 þe brydel barred aboute, w i t h bryȝt golde bou n den; the harness of which glittered like the "gleam of the sun." þe apparayl of þe payttrure, & of þe proude skyrteȝ, þe cropore, & þe couertor, acorded wyth þe arsou n eȝ; & al watȝ rayled on red ryche golde nayleȝ, 604 þat al glytered & glent as glem of þe su n ne. then sir gawayne sets his helmet upon his head, þe n ne hentes he þe holme, & hastily hit kysses, þat watȝ stapled stifly, & stoffed wyth-i n ne: hit watȝ hyȝe on his hede, hasped bihynde, fastened behind with a "urisoun," 608 wyth a lyȝtli vrysou n ou er þe auentayle, richly embroidered with gems. enbrawden & bou n den wyth þe best ge m meȝ, on brode sylkyn borde, & bryddeȝ on semeȝ, as papiayeȝ paynted perny n g bitwene, 612 tortors & trulofeȝ entayled so þyk, as mony burde þer aboute had be n seue n wynt er i n tou n e; the circle around the helmet was decked with diamonds. þe cercle watȝ more o prys, 616 þat vmbe-clypped hys crou n , of diamau n teȝ a deuys, þat boþe were bryȝt & brou n . vi. then they show him his shield with the "pentangle" of pure gold. then þay schewed hy m þe schelde, þat was of schyr gouleȝ, 620 wyth þe pentangel de-paynt of pure golde hweȝ; he braydeȝ hit by þe baude-ryk, aboute þe hals kest es , þat bisemed þe segge semlyly fayre. the "pentangle" was devised by solomon as a token of truth. & quy þe pentangel apendeȝ to þat prynce noble, 624 i am i n tent yow to telle, þof tary hyt me schulde; hit is a sy n gne þat salamon set su m -quyle, i n bytokny n g of trawþe, bi tytle þat hit habbeȝ, [fol. 99 b ] for hit is a figure þat haldeȝ fyue poynteȝ, 628 & vche lyne vmbe-lappeȝ & loukeȝ i n oþer, it is called the endless knot & ay quere hit is endeleȝ, 1 & englych hit callen ou er -al, as i here, þe endeles knot. for-þy hit acordeȝ to þis knyȝt, & to his cler armeȝ, 632 for ay faythful i n fyue & sere fyue syþeȝ, it well becomes the good sir gawayne, gawan watȝ for gode knawen, & as golde pured, voyded of vche vylany, wyth vertueȝ 2 e n no ur ned i n mote; 636 for-þy þe pen-tangel nwe he ber i n schelde & cote, a knight the truest of speech and the fairest of form. as tulk of tale most trwe, & gentylest knyȝt of lote. 1 ms emdeleȝ. 2 ms v er ertueȝ vii. he was found faultless in his five wits. 640 fyrst he watȝ funden fautleȝ i n his fyue wytteȝ, & efte fayled neu er þe freke i n his fyue fyngres, his trust was in the five wounds. & alle his afyau n ce vpon folde watȝ i n þe fyue wou n deȝ þat cryst kaȝt on þe croys, as þe crede telleȝ; 644 & quere-so-eu er þys mon i n melly watȝ stad, his þro þoȝt watȝ i n þat, þurȝ alle oþ er þy n geȝ, þat alle his forsnes he fong at þe fyue ioyeȝ, þat þe hende heuen quene had of hir chylde; 648 at þis cause þe knyȝt comlyche hade the image of the virgin was depicted upon his shield. i n þe more half of his schelde hir ymage depaynted, þat quen he blusched þerto, his belde neu er payred. þe fyrst 1 fyue þat i finde þat þe frek vsed, 652 watȝ frau n chyse, & felaȝschyp for-be 2 al þy n g; in cleanness and courtesy he was never found wanting, his clannes & his cortaysye croked were neu er , & pite, þat passeȝ alle poynteȝ, þyse pure fyue were harder happed on þat haþel þe n on any oþ er . 656 now alle þese fyue syþeȝ, forsoþe, were fetled on þis knyȝt, & vchone halched in oþ er , þat non ende hade, & fyched vpon fyue poynteȝ, þat fayld neu er , ne samned neu er i n no syde, ne sundred nouþ[er], 660 w i t h -outen ende at any noke [a]i quere fynde, where-eu er þe gomen bygan, or glod to an ende. therefore was the endless knot fastened on his shield. þer-fore on his schene schelde schapen watȝ þe knot, þus alle wyth red golde vpon rede gowleȝ, [fol. 100] 664 þat is þe pure pentaungel wyth þe peple called, w i t h lore. now grayþed is gawan gay, sir gawayne seizes his lance and bids all "good day." & laȝt his lau n ce ryȝt þore, 668 & gef hem alle goud day, he wende for eu er more. 1 ms fyft. 2 for-bi (?). viii. he spurs his horse and goes on his way. he sperred þe sted w i t h þe spureȝ, & sprong on his way, so stif þat þe ston fyr stroke out þer-aft er ; all that saw that seemly one mourned in their hearts. 672 al þat seȝ þat semly syked i n hert, & sayde soþly al same segges til oþ er , carande for þat comly, "bi kryst, hit is scaþe, þat þ o u, leude, schal be lost, þat art of lyf noble! they declared that his equal was not to be found upon earth. 676 to fynde hys fere vpon folde, i n fayth is not eþe; warloker to haf wroȝt had more wyt bene, & haf dyȝt ȝonder dere a duk to haue worþed; it would have been better for him to have been a leader of men, a lowande leder of ledeȝ i n londe hy m wel semeȝ, 680 & so had bett er haf ben þe n britned to noȝt, than to die by the hands of "an elvish man." hadet wyth an aluisch mon, for angardeȝ pryde. who knew eu er any ky n g such cou n sel to take, as knyȝteȝ i n cauelou n ȝ on cryst-masse gomneȝ!" much was the warm water that poured from eyes that day. 684 wel much watȝ þe warme water þ a t walt er ed of yȝen, when þat semly syre soȝt fro þo woneȝ þat 1 daye; he made non abode, 688 bot wyȝtly went hys way, meanwhile many a weary way goes sir gawayne. mony wylsu m way he rode, þe bok as i herde say. 1 ms. þad. ix. now rides the knight through the realms of england. now rideȝ þis renk þurȝ þe ryalme of logres, 692 s ir gauan on godeȝ halue, þaȝ hy m no gomen þoȝt; oft, leudleȝ alone, he lengeȝ on nyȝteȝ, þer he fonde noȝt hy m byfore þe fare þat he lyked; he has no companion but his horse. hade he no fere bot his fole, bi frytheȝ & dou n eȝ, 696 ne no gome bot god, bi gate wyth to karp, no men does he see till he approaches north wales. til þat he neȝed ful nogh e 1 i n to þe norþe waleȝ; alle þe iles of anglesay on lyft half he haldeȝ, & fareȝ ou er þe fordeȝ by þe for-londeȝ, from holyhead he passes into wirral. 700 ou er at þe holy-hede, til he hade eft bonk i n þe wyldrenesse of wyrale; wonde þer bot lyte [fol. 100 b ] there he finds but few that loved god or man. þat auþ er god oþ er gome wyth goud hert louied. & ay he frayned, as he ferde, at frekeȝ þat he met, he enquires after the green knight of the green chapel, 704 if þay hade herde any karp of a knyȝt grene, i n any grou n de þer-aboute, of þe grene chapel; 2 & al nykked hy m wyth nay, þat neu er i n her lyue but can gain no tidings of him. þay seȝe neu er no segge þat watȝ of suche hweȝ 708 of grene. þe knyȝt tok gates straunge, i n mony a bonk vnbene, his cheer oft changed before he found the chapel. his cher ful oft con chau n ge, 712 þat chapel er he myȝt sene. 1 nygh e (?). 2 ms. clapel. x. many a cliff he climbed over; mony klyf he ou er -clambe i n contrayeȝ strau n ge, fer floten fro his frendeȝ fremedly he rydeȝ; many a ford and stream he crossed, and everywhere he found a foe. at vche warþe oþer wat er þer þe wyȝe passed, 716 he fonde a foo hy m byfore, bot ferly hit were, & þat so foule & so felle, þat feȝt hy m by-hode; it were too tedious to tell the tenth part of his adventures so mony m er uayl hi mou n t þ er þe mon fyndeȝ, hit were to tore for to telle of þe tenþe dole. with serpents, wolves, and wild men; 720 sumwhyle wyth wormeȝ he werreȝ, & w i t h wolues als, su m whyle wyth wodwos, þat woned i n þe knarreȝ, with bulls, bears, and boars. boþe wyth bulleȝ & bereȝ, & boreȝ oþ er -quyle, & etayneȝ, þat hy m a-nelede, of þe heȝe felle; had he not been both brave and good, doubtless he had been dead. 724 nade he ben duȝty & dryȝe, & dryȝtyn had serued, douteles he hade ben ded, & dreped ful ofte. the sharp winter was far worse than any war that ever troubled him. for werre wrathed hy m not so much, þat wy n t er was wors, when þe colde cler wat er fro þe cloudeȝ schadden, 728 & fres er hit falle myȝt to þe fale erþe; ner slayn wyth þe slete he sleped i n his yrnes, mo nyȝteȝ þe n i n -noghe i n naked rokkeȝ, þ er as clat er ande fro þe crest þe colde borne re n neȝ, 732 & henged heȝe ou er his hede i n hard ÿsse-ikkles. thus in peril he travels till christmas-eve. þus i n peryl, & payne, & plytes ful harde, bi contray caryeȝ þis knyȝt, tyl kryst-masse euen, al one; 736 þe knyȝt wel þat tyde, to the virgin mary he prays to guide him to some abode. to mary made his mone. þat ho hy m red to ryde, [fol. 101.] & wysse hy m to su m wone. xi. on the morn sir gawayne finds himself in a deep forest, 740 bi a mou n te on þe morne meryly he rydes, into a forest ful dep, þat ferly watȝ wylde, hiȝe hilleȝ on vche a halue, & holt wodeȝ vnder, where were old oaks many a hundred. of hore okeȝ fill hoge a hundreth to-geder; 744 þe hasel & þe haȝ-þorne were harled al samen, w i t h roȝe raged mosse rayled ay-where, many sad birds upon bare twigs piped piteously for the cold. with mony bryddeȝ vnblyþe vpon bare twyges, þat pitosly þer piped for pyne of þe colde. 748 þe gome vpon gryngolet glydeȝ hem vnder, through many a mire he goes, that he may celebrate the birth of christ. þurȝ mony misy & myre, mo n al hy m one, carande for his costes, lest he ne keu er schulde, to se þe seruy 1 of þat syre, þat on þat self nyȝt 752 of a burde watȝ borne, oure baret to quelle; he beseeches the virgin mary to direct him to some lodging where he may hear mass. & þerfore syky n g he sayde, "i be-seche þe, lorde, & mary, þat is myldest moder so dere. of su m herber, þer heȝly i myȝt here masse. 756 ande þy matyneȝ to-morne, mekely i ask, & þer-to prestly i pray my pat er & aue, & crede." he rode i n his prayere, 760 & cryed for his mysdede, blessing himself, he says, "cross of christ, speed me!" he sayned hy m i n syþes sere, & sayde "cros kryst me spede!" 1 seruyce (?). xii. scarcely had he blessed himself thrice nade he sayned hy m -self, segge, bot þrye, 764 er he watȝ war i n þe wod of a won i n a mote. when he saw a dwelling in the wood, set on a hill, abof a lau n de, on a lawe, loken vnder boȝeȝ, of mony borelych bole, aboute bi þe diches; the comeliest castle that knight ever owned. a castel þe comlokest þat eu er knyȝt aȝte, 768 pyched on a prayere, a park al aboute, w i t h a pyked palays, pyned ful þik, þat vmbe-teȝe mony tre mo þe n two myle. þat holde on þat on syde þe haþel auysed, it shone as the sun through the bright oaks. 772 as hit schemered & schon þurȝ þe schyre okeȝ; þe n ne hatȝ he hendly of his helme, & heȝly he þonkeȝ iesus & say[nt] gilyan, þat gentyle ar boþe, [fol. 101 b .] þat cortaysly hade hy m kydde, & his cry herkened. 776 "now bone hostel," coþe þe burne, "i be-seche yow ȝette!" þe n ne gedereȝ he to gryngolet w i t h þe gilt heleȝ, sir gawayne goes to the chief gate, & he ful chau n cely hatȝ chosen to þe chef gate, þat broȝt bremly þe burne to þe bryge ende, 780 i n haste; and finds the draw-bridge raised, and the gates shut fast. þe bryge watȝ breme vp-brayde, þe ȝateȝ wer stoken faste, þe walleȝ were wel arayed, 784 hit dut no wyndeȝ blaste. xiii. the knight abides on the bank, þe burne bode on bonk, þat on blonk houed, of þe depe double dich þat drof to þe place, þe walle wod i n þe wat er wonderly depe, and observes the "huge height," 788 ande eft a ful huge heȝt hit haled vpon lofte, of harde hewen ston vp to þe tableȝ, with its battlements and watch towers. enbaned vnder þe abataylme n t, i n þe best lawe; & syþen garyteȝ ful gaye gered bi-twene, 792 wyth mony luflych loupe, þat louked ful clene; a bett er barbican þat burne blusched vpon neu er ; & i n nermore he be-helde þat halle ful hyȝe, bright and long were its round towers, towre telded bytwene trochet ful þik, 796 fayre fylyoleȝ þat fyȝed, & ferlyly long, with their well-made capitals. with coruon coprou n es, craftyly sleȝe; chalk whyt chymnees þer ches he i n -noȝe, vpon bastel roueȝ, þat blenked ful quyte; 800 so mony pynakle payntet watȝ poudred ay quere, amo n g þe castel carneleȝ, clambred so þik, þat pared out of papure purely hit semed. he thinks it fair enough if he might only come within the cloister. þe fre freke on þe fole hit fayr i n -n[o]ghe þoȝt, 804 if he myȝt keu er to com þe cloyst e r wyth-i n ne, to herber i n þat hostel, whyl halyday lested auinant; he calls, and soon there comes a porter to know the knight's errand. he calde, & sone þer com 808 a porter pure plesau n t, on þe wal his ernd he nome, & haylsed þe knyȝt errau n t. xiv. "good sir," says gawayne, "ask the high lord of this house to grant me a lodging." "gode s ir ," q uod gawan, "woldeȝ þ o u go my n ernde, 812 to þe heȝ lorde of þis ho us , herber to craue?" [fol. 102.] "ȝe, pet er ," q uod þe port er , "& purely i trowe, 1 "you are welcome to dwell here as long as you like," replied the porter. þat ȝe be, wyȝe, welcu m to won quyle yow lykeȝ." þe n ȝede þ a t wyȝe aȝayn awyþe, 816 & folke frely hy m wyth, to fonge þe knyȝt; the draw-bridge is let down, þay let dou n þe grete draȝt, & derely out ȝeden, & kneled dou n on her knes vpon þe colde erþe, to welcu m þis ilk wyȝ, as worþy hom þoȝt; and the gate is opened wide to receive him. 820 þay ȝolden hy m þe brode ȝate, ȝarked vp wyde, & he hem raysed rekenly, & rod ou er þe brygge; sere seggeȝ hy m sesed by sadel, quel 2 he lyȝt, his horse is well stabled. & syþen stabeled his stede stif me n i n -noȝe. knights and squires bring gawayne into the hall. 824 knyȝteȝ & swyereȝ comen dou n þe n ne, for to bry n g þis burne 3 wyth blys i n -to halle; many a one hastens to take his helmet and sword. quen he hef vp his helme, þer hiȝed i n -nogh e for to hent hit at his honde, þe hende to seruen, 828 his bronde & his blasou n boþe þay token. þe n haylsed he ful hendly þo haþeleȝ vch one, & mony proud mon þer p re sed, þat pry n ce to hono ur ; alle hasped i n his heȝ wede to halle þay hy m wo n nen, 832 þer fayre fyre vpon flet fersly bre n ned. the lord of the country bids him welcome, þe n ne þe lorde of þe lede louteȝ fro his chambre, for to mete wyth menske þe mon on þe flor; he sayde, "ȝe ar welcu m to welde as yow lykeȝ, 836 þat here is, al is yowre awen, to haue at yowre wylle & welde." "grau n t mercy," q uod gawayn, "þer kryst hit yow for-ȝelde," and they embrace each other. 840 as frekeȝ þat semed fayn, ayþ er oþ er i n armeȝ co n felde. 1 trowoe, ms. 2 quyle (?) or quen (?). 3 buurne, ms. xv. gawayne looks on his host; gawayn glyȝt on þe gome þat godly hy m gret, a big bold one he seemed. & þuȝt hit a bolde burne þat þe burȝ aȝte, 844 a hoge haþel for þe noneȝ, & of hygh e elde; 1 beaver-hued was his broad beard, brode bryȝt watȝ his berde, & al beu er hwed, sturne stif on þe stryþþe on stal-worth schonkeȝ, and his face as "fell as the fire." felle face as þe fyre, & fre of hys speche; 848 & wel hy m semed for soþe, as þe segge þuȝt, to lede a lortschyp i n lee of leudeȝ ful gode. [fol. 102 b .] the lord leads gawayne to a chamber, and assigns him a page to wait upon him. þe lorde hy m charred to a chambre, & chefly cu m au n deȝ 2 to delyu er hym a leude, hym loȝly to serue; 852 & þere were bou n at his bode burneȝ i n -noȝe, in this bright bower was noble bedding; þat broȝt hy m to a bryȝt boure, þ er beddy n g watȝ noble, of cortynes of clene sylk, wyth cler golde he m meȝ, the curtains were of pure silk with golden hems; & cou er toreȝ ful curious, w i t h comlych paneȝ, 856 of bryȝt blaunni er a-boue enbrawded bisydeȝ, rudeleȝ re n nande on ropeȝ, red golde ry n geȝ, tarsic tapestries covered the walls and the floor. tapyteȝ tyȝt to þe woȝe, of tuly & tars, & vnder fete, on þe flet, of folȝande sute. here the knight doffed his armour, 860 þer he watȝ dispoyled, wyth specheȝ of my er þe, þe burn of his bruny, & of his bryȝt wedeȝ; and put on rich robes, ryche robes ful rad renkkeȝ hem 3 broȝten, for to charge, & to chaunge, & chose of þe best. 864 sone as he on hent, & happed þ er -i n ne, þat sete on hym 4 semly, wyth saylande skyrteȝ, which well became him. þe ver by his uisage verayly hit semed wel neȝ to vche haþel alle on hwes, 868 lowande & lufly, alle his ly m meȝ vnder, a more comely knight christ never made. þat a comloker knyȝt neue r kryst made, hem þoȝt; wheþen i n worlde he were, 872 hit semed as he myȝt be prynce w i t h -outen pere, i n felde þ er felle me n fyȝt. 1 eldee, ms. 2 clesly, ms. 3 hym (?). 4 ms. hyn. xvi. a chair is placed for sir gawayne before the fireplace. a cheyer by-fore þe chemné, þ er charcole bre n ned, 876 watȝ grayþed for s ir gawan, grayþely w i t h cloþeȝ, whyssynes vpon queldepoynt es , þa[t] koy n t wer boþe; a mantle of fine linen, richly embroidered, is thrown over him. & þe n ne a mere mantyle watȝ on þat mon cast, of a brou n bleeau n t, enbrauded ful ryche, 880 & fayre furred wyth-i n ne w i t h felleȝ of þe best, alle of ermyn i n erde, his hode of þe same; & he sete i n þat settel semlych ryche, & achaufed hy m chefly, 1 & þe n ne his cher mended. a table is soon raised, 884 sone watȝ telded vp a tapit, on tresteȝ ful fayre, and the knight, having washed, proceeded to meat. clad wyth a clene cloþe, þat cler quyt schewed, sanap, & salure, & syluer-i n sponeȝ; [fol. 103.] þe wyȝe wesche at his wylle, & went to his mete 888 seggeȝ hym serued semly i n -noȝe, he is served with numerous dishes; wyth sere sewes & sete, 2 sesou n de of þe best, double felde, as hit falleȝ, & fele kyn fischeȝ; with fish baked and broiled, su m me baken i n bred, su m me brad on þe gledeȝ, or boiled and seasoned with spices. 892 su m me soþen, su m me i n sewe, sau er ed w i t h spyces, & ay sawes 3 so sleȝeȝ, þat þe segge lyked. þe freke calde hit a fest ful frely & ofte, he calls it a full noble feast, ful hendely, quen alle þe haþeles re-hayted hy m at oneȝ 896 as hende; "þis penau n ce now ȝe take, & eft hit schal amende;" and much mirth he makes, for the wine is in his head. þat mon much m er þe con make. 900 for wy n i n his hed þat wende. 1 ms. cefly. 2 swete (?). 3 sewes (?). xvii. sir gawayne, in answer to questions put to him, þe n ne watȝ spyed & spured vpon spare wyse. bi preue poynteȝ of þat prynce, put to hy m -seluen, þat he be-knew cortaysly of þe court þat he were, tells the prince that he is of arthur's court. 904 þat aþel arthure þe hende haldeȝ hy m one, þat is þe ryche ryal ky n g of þe rou n de table; & hit watȝ wawen hy m -self þat i n þat won sytteȝ, comen to þat krystmasse, as case hy m þen lymped. when this was made known, 908 when þe lorde hade lerned þat he þe leude hade, loude laȝed he þ er at, so lef hit hy m þoȝt, great was the joy in the hall. & alle þe men i n þat mote maden much joye, to apere i n his presense prestly þat tyme, 912 þat alle prys, & prowes, & pured þewes apendes to hys persou n , & praysed is eu er , by-fore alle men vpon molde, his mensk is þe most. each one said softly to his mate, vch segge ful softly sayde to his fere, "now we shall see courteous manners and hear noble speech, 916 "now schal we semlych se sleȝteȝ of þeweȝ, & þe teccheles termes of talky n g noble, wich spede is i n speche, vnspurd may we lerne, for we have amongst us the 'father of nurture.' sy n we haf fonged þat fyne fader of nurture; 920 god hatȝ geuen v us his g ra ce godly for soþe, þat such a gest as gawan grau n teȝ v us to haue, when burneȝ blyþe of his burþe schal sitte & sy n ge. 924 i n meny n g of man er eȝ mere, [fol. 103 b .] þis burne now schal v us bry n g, he that may him hear shall learn of love-talking." i hope þat may hy m here, schal lerne of luf-talky n g." xviii. after dinner the company go to the chapel, 928 bi þat þe diner watȝ done, & þe dere vp, hit watȝ neȝ at þe niyȝt neȝed þe tyme; chaplayneȝ 1 to þe chapeles chosen þe gate, ru n gen ful rychely, ryȝt as þay schulden, to hear the evensong of the great season. 932 to þe hersu m euensong of þe hyȝe tyde. þe lorde loutes þerto, & þe lady als, i n -to a comly closet coyntly ho entreȝ; gawan glydeȝ ful gay, & gos þeder sone; 936 þe lorde laches hy m by þe lappe, & ledeȝ hy m to sytte, & couþly hy m knoweȝ, & calleȝ hy m his nome, & sayde he watȝ þe welcomest wyȝe of þe worlde; the lord of the castle and sir gawayne sit together during service. & he hy m þonkked þroly, & ayþ er halched oþer. 940 & seten soberly samen þe seruise-quyle; þe n ne lyst þe lady to loke on þe knyȝt. his wife, accompanied by her maids, leaves her seat. þe n ne com ho of hir closet, w i t h mony cler burdeȝ, ho watȝ þe fayrest i n felle, of flesche & of lyre, 944 & of compas, & colo ur , & costes of alle oþ er , she appeared even fairer than guenever. & wener þen wenore, as þe wyȝe þoȝt. he ches þurȝ þe chau n sel, to cheryche þat hende; an older lady (an ancient one she seemed) led her by the hand. an oþer lady hir lad bi þe lyft honde, 948 þat watȝ alder þen ho, an au n cian hit semed, & heȝly honowred w i t h haþeleȝ aboute. very unlike were these two. bot yn-lyke on to loke þo ladyes were, if the young one was fair the other was yellow, for if þe ȝonge watȝ ȝep, ȝolȝe watȝ þ a t oþ er ; 952 riche red on þat on rayled ay quere, and had rough and wrinkled cheeks. rugh ronkled chekeȝ þat oþ er on rolled; kerchofes of þat on wyth mony cler perleȝ the younger had breast and throat "bare displayed." hir brest & hir bryȝt þrote bare displayed, 956 schon schyrer þe n snawe, þat scheder 2 on hilleȝ; þat oþ er wyth a gorger watȝ gered ou er þe swyre, chymbled ou er hir blake chyn w i t h mylk-quyte vayles, the ancient one exposed only her "black brows," her two eyes, hir frou n t folden i n sylk, enfoubled ay quere, 960 toret & treieted w i t h tryfleȝ aboute, [fol. 104.] nose, and naked lips, all sour and bleared. þat noȝt watȝ bare of þat burde bot þe blake broȝes. þe tweyne yȝen, & þe nase, þe naked lyppeȝ, & þose were soure to se, & sellyly blered; 964 a mensk lady on molde mo n may hir calle, for gode; her body was short and thick; hir body watȝ schort & þik. her buttocks broad and round. hir buttokeȝ bay & brode, 968 more lykker-wys on to lyk, watȝ þat scho hade on lode. 1 ms. [claplayneȝ.] 2 schedes (?). xix. with permission of the lord, when gawayn glyȝt on þ a t gay, þ a t g ra cio us ly loked, wyth leue laȝt of þe lorde he went hem aȝaynes; sir gawayne salutes the elder, 972 þe alder he haylses, heldande ful lowe, þe loueloker he lappeȝ a lyttel i n armeȝ, but the younger he kisses, he kysses hir comlyly, & knyȝtly he meleȝ; þay kallen hy m of a quoy n tau n ce, & he hit quyk askeȝ and begs to be her servant. 976 to be her seruau n t sothly, if hem-self lyked. þay tan hy m bytwene hem, wyth talky n g hy m leden to chamber all go, to chambre, to chemné, & chefly þay asken where spices and wine are served. spyceȝ, þat vn-sparely me n speded hom to bry n g, 980 & þe wy n ne-lych wyne þ er -w i t h vche tyme. þe lorde luflych aloft lepeȝ ful ofte, my n ned m er the to be made vpon mony syþeȝ. the lord takes off his hood and places it on a spear. hent heȝly of his hode, & on a spere henged, 984 & wayned hom to wy n ne þe worchip þer-of, he who makes most mirth is to win it. þat most myrþe myȝt mene 1 þ a t crystenmas whyle; "& i schal fonde, bi my fayth, to fylt er wyth þe best, er me wont þe wedeȝ, w i t h help of my frendeȝ." 988 þ us wyth laȝande loteȝ þe lorde hit tayt 2 makeȝ, night approaches, and then for to glade s ir gawayn w i t h gomneȝ i n halle þ a t nyȝt; til þat hit watȝ tyme, 992 þe ky n g comau n det lyȝt, sir gawayne takes his leave and retires to rest. s ir gawen his leue con nyme, & to his bed hy m diȝt. 1 meue (?). 2 layt (?). xx. on christmas morn, on þe morne, as vch mon myneȝ þat tyme, joy reigns in every dwelling in the world. 996 [þ]at dryȝtyn for oure destyné to deȝe watȝ borne, wele waxeȝ i n vche a won i n worlde, for his sake; so did it in the castle where our knight abode. so did hit þere on þat day, þurȝ dayntes mony; [fol. 104 b .] boþe at mes & at mele, messes ful quaynt 1000 derf men vpon dece drest of þe best. the lord and "the old ancient wife" sit together. þe olde au n cian wyf heȝest ho sytteȝ; þe lorde lufly her by lent, as i trowe; gawayne sits by the wife of his host. gawan & þe gay burde to-geder þay seten, 1004 euen i n -myddeȝ, as þe messe metely come; & syþen þurȝ al þe sale, as hem best semed, it were too tedious to tell of the meat, the mirth, and the joy that abounded everywhere. bi vche grome at his degre g ray þely watȝ serued. þ er watȝ mete, þer watȝ myrþe, þ er watȝ much ioye, 1008 þat for to telle þerof hit me tene were, & to poynte hit ȝet i pyned me p ar aue n ture; gawayne and his beautiful companion derive much comfort from each other's conversation. bot ȝet i wot þat wawen & þe wale burde such comfort of her compaynye caȝten to-geder, 1012 þurȝ her dere dalyau n ce of her derne wordeȝ, wyth clene cortays carp, closed fro fylþe; & hor play watȝ passande vche prynce gomen, i n vayres; trumpets and nakers give forth their sounds. 1016 tru m peȝ & nakerys, much pypy n g þ er repayres, vche mo n tented hys, & þay two te n ted þayres. xxi. great was the joy for three days. 1020 much dut watȝ þer dryuen þat day & þat oþ er , & þe þryd as þro þronge i n þeraft er ; st. john's-day was the last of the christmas festival. þe ioye of sayn ioneȝ day watȝ gentyle to here, & watȝ þe last of þe layk, leudeȝ þer þoȝten. 1024 þer wer gestes to go vpon þe gray morne, for-þy wonderly þay woke, & þe wyn dronken, dau n sed ful dreȝly wyth dere caroleȝ; on the morrow many of the guests took their departure from the castle. at þe last, when hit watȝ late, þay lachen her leue, 1028 vchon to wende on his way, þat watȝ wyȝe stronge. gawan gef hy m god-day, þe god mo n hy m lachcheȝ, ledes hy m to his awen chambre, þ[e] chy m né bysyde, sir gawayne is thanked by his host for the honour and pleasure of his visit. & þere he draȝeȝ hy m on-dryȝe, & derely hy m þonkkeȝ, 1032 of þe wy n ne worschip & 1 he hy m wayned hade, as to hono ur his ho us on þat hyȝe tyde, & enbelyse his burȝ w i t h his bele chere. "i-wysse s ir , quyl i leue, me worþeȝ þe better, [fol. 105.] 1036 þat gawayn hatȝ ben my gest, at goddeȝ awen fest." "g ra nt merci 2 s ir ," q uod gawayn, "i n god fayth hit is yowreȝ, al þe hono ur is yo ur awen, þe heȝe ky n g yow ȝelde; & i am wyȝe at yo ur wylle, to worch yo ur e hest, 1040 as i am halden þ er -to, i n hyȝe & i n loȝe, bi riȝt." he endeavours to keep the knight at his court. þe lorde fast can hy m payne, to holde lenger þe knyȝt, 1044 to hy m answreȝ gawayn, bi non way þat he myȝt. 1 þat (?). 2 nerci, in ms. xxii. he desires to know what had driven sir gawayne from arthur's court before the end of the christmas holidays. then frayned þe freke ful fayre at him-selue n , quat derne 1 dede had hy m dryuen, at þat dere tyme, 1048 so kenly fro þe ky n geȝ kourt to kayre al his one, er þe halidayeȝ holly were halet out of tou n ? the knight replies that "a high errand and a hasty one" had forced him to leave the court. "for soþe s ir ," q uod þe segge, "ȝe sayn bot þe trawþe a heȝe ernde & a hasty me hade fro þo woneȝ, 1052 for i am su m ned my selfe to sech to a place, i wot 2 i n worlde wheder warde to wende, hit to fynde; i nolde, bot if i hit negh myȝt on nwȝeres morne, for alle þe londe i n -wyth logres, so me oure lorde help! 1056 for-þy, s ir , þis enquest i require yow here, he asks his host whether he has ever heard of the green chapel, þat ȝe me telle w i t h trawþe, if eu er ȝe tale herde of þe grene chapel, quere hit on grou n de stondeȝ, & of þe knyȝt þat hit kepes, of colo ur of grene? 1060 þ er watȝ stabled bi statut a steuen v us by-twene, for he has to be there on new year's-day. to mete þat mon at þ a t mere, ȝif i myȝt last; & of þat ilk nwȝere hot neked now wonteȝ, & i wolde loke on þat lede, if god me let wolde, 1064 gladloker, bi goddeȝ su n , þe n any god welde! for-þi, i-wysse, bi ȝowre wylle, wende me bi-houes, he wonld as lief die as fail in his errand. naf i now to busy bot bare þre dayeȝ, & me als fayn to falle feye as fayly of myy n ernde." the prince tells sir gawayne that he will teach him the way. 1068 þe n ne laȝande q uod þe lorde, "now leng þe by-houes, for i schal teche yow to þa[t] terme bi þe tymeȝ ende, þe grene chapayle vpon grou n de, greue yow no more; bot ȝe schal be i n yowre bed, burne, at þy n ese, 1072 quyle forth dayej, & ferk on pe fyrst of pe ȝere, [fol. 105 b ] & cum to þat merk at mydmorn, to make quat yow likeȝ in spe n ne; dowelleȝ whyle new ȝeres daye, 1076 & rys, & raykeȝ þe n ne, the green chapel is not more than two miles from the castle. mo n schal yow sette i n waye, hit is not two myle he n ne." 1 derue (?). 2 not (?). xxiii. then was gawayne glad, þe n ne watȝ gawan ful glad, & gomenly he laȝed,— 1080 "now i þonk yow þryuandely þurȝ alle oþ er þy n ge, and consents to tarry awhile at the castle. now acheued is my chau n ce, i schal at yo ur wylle dowelle, & elleȝ do quat ȝe demen." þe n ne sesed hy m þe syre, & set hy m bysyde, the ladies are brought in to solace him. 1084 let þe ladieȝ be fette, to lyke he m þe bett er ; þer watȝ seme solace by hem-self stille; þe lorde let for luf loteȝ so myry, as wyȝ þat wolde of his wyte, ne wyst quat he myȝt. 1088 þe n ne he carped to þe knyȝt, criande loude, the lord of the castle asks the knight to grant him one request; "ȝe han demed to do þe dede þat i bidde; wyl ȝe halde þis hes here at þys oneȝ?" "ȝe s ir , for-soþe," sayd þe segge trwe, 1092 "whyl i byde i n yowre borȝe, be bayn to ȝow[r]e hest." "for ȝe haf trauayled," q uod þe tulk, "towen fro ferre, & syþen waked me wyth, ȝe arn not wel waryst, that he will stay in his chamber during mass time, nauþ er of sostnau n ce ne of slepe, soþly i knowe; 1096 ȝe schal lenge i n yo ur lofte, & lyȝe i n yo ur ese, and then go to meat with his hostess. to morn quyle þe messe-quyle, & to mete wende, when ȝe wyl, wyth my wyf, þat wyth yow schal sitte, & comfort yow w i t h compayny, til i to cort torne, 1100 ȝe lende; & i schal erly ryse, on hu n ty n g wyl i wende." gawayne accedes to his request. gauayn g ra nteȝ alle þyse, 1104 hy m heldande, as þe hende. xxiv. "whatsoever," says the host, "i win in the wood shall be yours, "ȝet firre," q uod þe freke, "a forwarde we make; quat-so-euer i wy n ne i n þe wod, hit worþeȝ to yo ur eȝ, and what check you achieve shall be mine." & quat chek so ȝe acheue, chau n ge me þer-forne; 1108 swete, swap we so, sware w i t h trawþe, queþer, leude, so lymp lere oþ er bett er ." "bi god," q uod gawayn þe gode, "i gra nt þ er -tylle, [fol. 106.] & þat yow lyst forto layke, lef hit me þynk es . a bargain is made between them. 1112 "who bri n geȝ v us þis beu er age, þis bargayn is maked:" so sayde þe lorde of þat lede; þay laȝed vchone, þay dronken, & daylyeden, & dalten vntyȝtel, 1 þise lordeȝ & ladyeȝ, quyle þat hem lyked; 1116 & syþen w i t h frenkysch fare & fele fayre loteȝ þay stoden, & stemed, & stylly speken, kysten ful comlyly, & kaȝten her leue. night approaches and each "to his bed was brought at the last." w i t h mony leude ful lyȝt, & lemande torches, 1120 vche burne to his bed watȝ broȝt at þe laste, ful softe; to bed ȝet er þay ȝede, recorded couenau n teȝ ofte; 1124 þe olde lorde of þat leude, 2 cowþe wel halde layk a-lofte. 1 vntyl nyȝte (?). 2 lede (?). [fytte the third.] i. before day-break folks uprise, ful erly bifore þe day þe folk vp-rysen, gestes þat go wolde, hor gromeȝ þay calden, saddle their horses, and truss their mails. 1128 & þay busken vp bilyue, blonkkeȝ to sadel, tyffen he[r] takles, trussen her males, richen hem þe rychest, to ryde alle arayde, lepen vp lyȝtly, lachen her brydeles, each goes where it pleases him best. 1132 vche wyȝe on his way, þer hy m wel lyked. the noble lord of the land arrays himself for riding. þe leue lorde of þe londe watȝ not þe last, a-rayed for þe rydy n g, w i t h renkkeȝ ful mony; he eats a sop hastily and goes to mass. ete a sop hastyly, when he hade herde masse, 1136 w i t h bugle to bent felde he buskeȝ by-lyue; before day-light he and his men are on their horses. by þat þat any day-lyȝt lemed vpon erþe, he w i t h his haþeles on hyȝe horsses weren. then the hounds are called out and coupled. þe n ne þise cacheres þat couþe, cowpled hor hou n deȝ, 1140 vnclosed þe kenel dore, & calde hem þ er -oute, three short notes are blown by the bugles. blwe bygly i n bugleȝ þre bare mote; braches bayed þ er fore, & breme noyse maked, a hundred hunters join in the chase. & þay chastysed, & charred, on chasy n g þat went; 1144 a hundreth of hunt er es, as i haf herde telle, of þe best; to the stations the "fewters" go, to trystors vewters ȝod, couples huntes of kest, [fol. 106 b .] 1148 þ er ros for blasteȝ gode, and the dogs are cast off. gret rurd i n þat forest. ii. roused by the clamour the deer rush to the heights, at þe fyrst quethe of þe quest quaked þe wylde; der drof i n þe dale, doted for drede, 1152 hiȝed to þe hyȝe, bot het er ly þay were but are soon driven back. restayed w i t h þe stablye, þat stoutly ascryed; the harts and bucks are allowed to pass, þay let þe hertteȝ haf þe gate, w i t h þe hyȝe hedes, þe breme bukkeȝ also, w i t h hor brode paumeȝ; 1156 for þe fre lorde hade de-fende i n fermysou n tyme, þ a t þ er schulde no mon mene 1 to þe male dere. but the hinds and does are driven back to the shades. þe hindeȝ were halden i n , w i t h hay & war, þe does dryuen w i t h gret dyn to þe depe sladeȝ; 1160 þer myȝt mon se, as þay slypte, slenty n g of arwes, as they fly they are shot by the bowmen. at vche [þat] wende vnder wande wapped a flone, þat bigly bote on þe brou n , w i t h ful brode hedeȝ, the hounds and the hunters, with a loud cry, follow in pursuit. what! þay brayen, & bleden, bi bonkkeȝ þay deȝen. 1164 & ay rachches i n a res radly hem folȝes, hu n tereȝ wyth hyȝe horne hasted hem aft er , those that escaped the arrows are killed by the hounds. wyth such a crakkande kry, as klyffes haden brusten; what wylde so at-waped wyȝes þat schotten, 1168 watȝ al to-raced & rent, at þe resayt. bi þay were tened at þe hyȝe, & taysed to þe wattreȝ, þe ledeȝ were so lerned at þe loȝe trysteres, & þe gre-hou n deȝ so grete, þat geten hem bylyue, 1172 & hem to fylched, as fast as frekeȝ myȝt loke, þ er ryȝt. the lord waxes joyful in the chase, þe lorde for blys abloy ful oft con lau n ce & lyȝt, which lasted till the approach of night. 1176 & drof þat day wyth ioy thus to þe derk nyȝt. 1 meue (?). iii. all this time gawayne lies a-bed. þ us laykeȝ þis lorde by lynde wodeȝ eueȝ, & g. þe god mon, i n gay bed lygeȝ, under "coverture full clear". 1180 lurkkeȝ quyl þe day-lyȝt lemed on þe wowes, vnder couerto ur ful clere, cortyned aboute; & as i n slom er y n g he slode, sleȝly he herde he hears a noise at his door. a littel dyn at his dor, & derfly vpon; 1184 & he heueȝ vp his hed out of þe cloþes, [fol. 107.] a corner of þe cortyn he caȝt vp a lyttel, & wayteȝ warly þider-warde, quat hit be myȝt. a lady, the loveliest to behold, enters softly. hit watȝ þe ladi, loflyest to be-holde, 1188 þat droȝ þe dor aft er hir ful dernly 1 & stylle, she approaches the bed. & boȝed to-warde þe bed; & þe burne schamed. & layde hy m dou n lystyly, & let as he slepte. gawayne pretends to be asleep. & ho stepped stilly. & stel to his bedde, the lady casts up the curtain and sits on the bedside. 1192 kest vp þe cortyn, & creped w i t h -i n ne, & set hir ful softly on þe bed-syde, & lenged þere selly longe, to loke que n he wakened. þe lede lay lurked a ful longe quyle, gawayne has much wonder thereat. 1196 compast i n his concience to quat þat cace myȝt mene oþ er amou n t, to m er uayle hy m þoȝt; bot ȝet he sayde i n hy m -self, "more semly hit were to aspye wyth my spelle [in] space quat ho wolde." he rouses himself up, 1200 þen he wakenede, & wroth, & to hir warde torned, unlocks his eyes, and looks as if he were astonished. & vn-louked his yȝe-lyddeȝ, & let as hy m wondered, & sayned hy m , as bi his saȝe þe sau er to worthe, w i t h hande; 1204 wyth chy n ne & cheke ful swete, boþe quit & red i n -blande, ful lufly con ho lete, wyth lyppeȝ smal laȝande. 1 deruly (?). iv. "good morrow", says the lady, "ye are a careless sleeper to let one enter thus. 1208 "god morou n , s ir gawayn," sayde þat fayr lady, "ȝe ar a slep er vn-slyȝe, þat mo n may slyde hider; now ar ȝe tan astyt, bot t r ue v us may schape, i shall bind you in your bed, of that be ye sure." i schal bynde yow i n yo ur bedde, þat be ȝe trayst:" 1212 al laȝande þe lady lanced þo bourdeȝ. "good morrow," says the knight, "i am well pleased to be at your service; "goud morou n g[aye]," 1 q uod gawayn þe blyþe, "me schal worþe at yo ur wille, & þat me wel lykeȝ, for i ȝelde me ȝederly, & ȝeȝe aft er g ra ce, 1216 & þat is þe best, be my dome, for me by-houeȝ nede;" & þus he bourded a-ȝayn w i t h mony a blyþe laȝt er . but permit me to rise and dress myself." "bot wolde ȝe, lady louely, þe n leue me g ra nte, & de-prece yo ur prysou n , & pray hy m to ryse, 1220 i wolde boȝe of þis bed, & busk me bett er , i schulde keu er þe more comfort to karp yow wyth." [fol. 107b] "nay, beau sir," said that sweet one, "nay, for soþe, beau s ir ," sayd þat swete, "ȝe schal not rise of yo ur bedde, i rych yow bett er , "i shall hold talk with you here. 1224 i schal happe yow here þat oþ er half als, & syþen karp wyth my knyȝt þat i kaȝt haue; i know well that you are gawayne that all the woild worships. for i wene wel, iwysse, s ir wawen ȝe are, þat alle þe worlde worchipeȝ, quere-so ȝe ride; 1228 yo ur hono ur , yo ur hendelayk is hendely praysed we are by ourselves; w i t h lordeȝ, wyth ladyes, w i t h alle þat lyf bere. & now ȝe ar here, iwysse, & we bot oure one; my lord and his men are far off. "my lorde & his ledeȝ ar on lenþe faren, other men are in their beds, so are my maidens. 1232 oþ er burneȝ i n her bedde, & my burdeȝ als, the door is safely closed. þe dor drawen, & dit w i t h a derf haspe; since i have him in house that every one likes, i shall use my time well while it lasts. & syþen i haue i n þis ho us hy m þat al lykeȝ, i schal ware my whyle wel, quyl hit lasteȝ, 1236 w i t h tale; ye are welcome to my body. ȝe ar welcu m to my cors, yowre awen won to wale, me be-houeȝ of fyne force, i shall be your servant." 1240 yo ur seruau n t be & schale." 1 this word is illegible in the ms. v. "in god fayth," q uod gawayn, "gay n hit me þynkkeȝ, "i am unworthy," says sir gawayne, "to reach to such reverence as ye rehearse. þaȝ i be not now he þat ȝe of speken; to reche to such reuerence as ȝe reherce here 1244 i am wyȝe vn-worþy, i wot wel my-seluen; bi god, i were glad, & yow god þoȝt, i shall be glad, however, to please you by word, or service." at saȝe oþ er at seruyce þat i sette myȝt to þe plesau n ce of yo ur prys, hit were a pure ioye." 1248 "in god fayth, s ir gawayn," q uod þe gay lady, "þe prys & þe prowes þat pleseȝ al oþ er , if i hit lakked, oþ er set at lyȝt, hit were littel daynté; "there are ladies," says his visitor, "who would prefer thy company bot hit ar ladyes i n -noȝe, þat leu er wer nowþe 1252 haf þe hende i n hor holde, as i þe habbe here, to daly w i t t derely yo ur daynté wordeȝ, keu er hem comfort, & colen her careȝ, to much of the gold that they possess." þe n much of þe garysour n oþ er golde þat 1 þay hauen; 1256 bot i louue 2 þat ilk lorde þ a t þe lyfte haldeȝ, i haf hit holly i n my honde þ a t al desyres, þurȝe grace." scho made hy m so gret chere, [fol. 108.] 1260 þat watȝ so fayr of face, the knight answers the lady's questions. þe knyȝt w i t h speches skere, a[n]swared to vche a cace. 1 ms. þat þ a t. 2 louie or loune (?). vi. gawayne tells her that he prefers her conversation before that of all others. "madame," q uod þe myry mon, "mary yow ȝelde, 1264 for i haf fou n den, i n god fayth, yowre frau n chis nobele, & oþ er ful much of oþ er folk fongen hor dedeȝ; bot þe daynté þ a t þay delen for my disert nysen, hit is þe worchyp of yo ur -self, þ a t noȝt hot wel co n neȝ." the lady declares by mary, 1268 "bi mary," q uod þe menskful, "me þynk hit anoþ er ; for were i worth al þe wone of wy m men alyue, & al þe wele of þe worlde were i n my honde, that were she about to choose her a lord, & i schulde chepen & chose, to cheue me a lorde, 1272 for þe costes þat i haf knowen vpun þe knyȝt here, of bewté, & debonerté, & blyþe semblau n t, she would select gawayne before any man on earth. & þat i haf er herkkened, & halde hit here trwee, þ er schulde no freke vpon folde bifore yow be chosen." 1276 "i-wysse, worþy," q uod þe wyȝe, "ȝe haf waled wel bett er , gawayne tells her that he will become her own knight and faithful servant. bot i am proude of þe prys þat ȝe put on me, & soberly yo ur seruau n t my sou er ayn i holde yow, & yowre knyȝt i be-com, & kryst yow for-ȝelde." 1280 þ us þay meled of much-quat, til myd-morn paste, & ay þe lady let lyk, a 1 hy m loued mych; the remembrance of his adventure prevents him from thinking of love. þe freke ferde w i t h defence, & feted ful fayre. þaȝ i were burde bryȝtest, þe burde i n mynde hade, 1284 þe lasse luf i n his lode, for lur þat he soȝt, boute hone; þe dunte þat schulde 2 hy m deue, & nedeȝ hit most be done; the lady takes leave of sir gawayne. 1288 þe lady þe n n spek of leue. he g ra nted hir ful sone. 1 and (?) 2 sclulde, in ms. vii. with a laughing glance, she says, þe n ne ho gef hy m god-day, & wyth a glent laȝed. & as ho stod, ho stonyed hy m wyth ful stor wordeȝ: "i am doubtful whether ye be gawayne. 1292 "now he þat spedeȝ vche spech, þis disport ȝelde yow! bot þat ȝe be gawan, hit gotȝ i n my n de." "quer-fore?" q uod þe freke, & freschly he askeȝ, ferde lest he hade fayled i n fo ur me of his castes; 1296 bot þe burde hy m blessed, & bi þis skyl sayde, [fol. 108 b .] "so god as gawayn gaynly is halden, & cortaysye is closed so clene i n hy m -seluen, were it he, surely, ere this, he would have craved a kiss." couth not lyȝtly haf lenged so long wyth a lady, 1300 bot he had craued a cosse, bi his co ur taysye, bi su m towch of su m me tryfle, at su m taleȝ ende." "i shall kiss," says the knight, "at your commandment." þe n q uod wowen, "i-wysse, worþe as yow lykeȝ, i schal kysse at yo ur comau n dement, as a knyȝt falleȝ, 1304 & fire 1 lest he displese yow, so 2 plede hit no more." with that the lady catches him in her arms and kisses him. ho comes nerre w i t h þat, & cacheȝ hy m i n armeȝ, louteȝ luflych adou n , & þe leude kysseȝ; þay comly byke n nen to kryst ayþ er oþ er ; 1308 ho dos hir forth at þe dore, w i t h -outen dyn more. & he ryches hy m to ryse, & rapes hy m sone, gawayne then rises and goes to mass. clepes to his chamberlayn, choses his wede, boȝeȝ forth, quen he watȝ bou n , blyþely to masse, 1312 & þe n ne he meued to his mete, þ a t me n skly hy m keped, he makes mirth all day till the moon rises, & made myry al day til þe mone rysed, w i t h game; w i t h 3 neu er freke fayrer fonge, between the "two dames," the older and the younger. 1316 bitwene two so dy n gne dame, þe alder & þe ȝonge, much solace set þay same. 1 fere (?). 2 fo, in ms. 3 was (?) nas (?). viii. meanwhile the lord of the land and his men hunt in woods and heaths. and ay þe lorde of þe londe is lent on his gamneȝ, 1320 to hu n t i n holteȝ & heþe, at hyndeȝ barayne, such a sowme he þ er slowe bi þat þe su n ne heldet, of dos & of oþ er dere, to deme were wonder. þe n ne fersly þay flokked i n folk at þe laste, quickly of the killed a " quarry " they make. 1324 & quykly of þe quelled dere a querré þay maked; þe best boȝed þerto, w i t h burneȝ i n -nogh e , then they set about breaking the deer. gedered þe grattest of gres þat þer were, & didden hem derely vndo, as þe dede askeȝ; they take away the assay or fat, 1328 serched hem at þe asay, su m me þat þ er were, two fy n geres þay fonde of þe fowlest of alle; then they slit the slot and remove the erber . syþe n þay slyt þe slot, sesed þe erber, they afterwards rip the four limbs and rend off the hide. schaued wyth a scharp knyf, & þe schyre knitten; 1332 syþen rytte þay þe foure ly m mes, & rent of þe hyde, they next open the belly þe n brek þay þe bale, þe baleȝ out token, [fol. 109.] and take out the bowels. lystily forlancy n g, & bere of þe knot; þay gryped to þe gargulu n , & g ra yþely departed they then separate the weasand from the windhole and throw out the guts. 1336 þe wesau n t fro þe wynt-hole, & walt out þe gutteȝ; þe n scher þay out þe schuldereȝ w i t h her scharp knyueȝ, the shoulders are cut out, and the breast divided into halves. haled hem by a lyttel hole, to haue hole sydes; siþen britned þay þe brest, & brayden hit i n twy n ne, 1340 & eft at þe gargulu n bigyneȝ on þe n ne, the numbles are next removed. ryueȝ hit vp radly, ryȝt to þe byȝt, voydeȝ out þe a-vanters, & v er ayly þ er aft er alle þe rymeȝ by þe rybbeȝ radly þay lance; 1344 so ryde þay of by resou n bi þe rygge boneȝ, euenden to þe haunche, þat henged alle samen, & heuen hit vp al hole, & hwen hit of þere, & þat þayneme for þe nou m bles, bi nome as i trowe, 1348 bi kynde; by the fork of the thighs, bi þe byȝt al of þe þyȝes, þe lappeȝ þay lance bi-hynde, the flaps are hewn in two by the backbone. to hewe hit i n two þay hyȝes, 1352 bi þe bak-bon to vnbynde. ix. after this the head and neck are cut off, and the sides severed from the chine. boþe þe hede & þe hals þay hwen of þe n ne, & syþen sunder þay þe sydeȝ swyft fro þe chyne, & þe corbeles fee þay kest i n a greue; 1 1356 þe n n þurled þay ayþer þik side þurȝ, bi þe rybbe, & henged þe n ne a[y]þ er bi hoȝes of þe fourcheȝ, vche freke for his fee, as falleȝ forto haue. vpon a felle of þe fayre best, fede þay þayr hou n des, with the liver, lights and paunches, they feed the hounds. 1360 wyth þe lyu er & þe lyȝteȝ, þe leþer of þe pauncheȝ, & bred baþed i n blod, blende þer amo n geȝ; baldely þay blw prys, bayed þayr rachcheȝ, then they make for home. syþen fonge þay her flesche folden to home, 1364 strakande ful stoutly mony stif moteȝ. bi þat þe daylyȝt watȝ done, þe douthe watȝ al wonen i n -to þe comly castel, þer þe knyȝt bideȝ ful stille; 1368 wyth blys & bryȝt fyr bette, þe lord is comen þ er -tylle, gawayne goes out to meet his host. when gawayn wyth hy m mette, þer watȝ bot wele at wylle. 1 grene (?). x. [fol. 109 b .] the lord commands all his household to assemble, 1372 the n ne comau n ded þe lorde i n þ a t sale to samen alle þe meny, boþe þe ladyes on logh e to lyȝt w i t h her burdes, and the venison to be brought before him. bi-fore alle þe folk on þe flette, frekeȝ he beddeȝ v er ayly his venysou n to fech hy m byforne; he calls gawayne, 1376 & al godly i n gomen gaway[n] he called, techeȝ hy m to þe tayles of ful tayt bestes, scheweȝ hy m þe schyree grece schorne vpon rybbes. and asks him whether he does not deserve much praise for his success in the chase. "how payeȝ yow þis play? haf i prys wo n nen? 1380 haue i þryuandely þonk þurȝ my craft serued?" "ȝe i-wysse," q uod þat oþ er wyȝe, "here is wayth fayrest on the knight expressing himself satisfied, he is told to take the whole according to a former agreement between them. þat i seȝ þis seuen ȝere i n sesou n of wynt er ." "& al i gif yow, gawayn," q uod þe gome þe n ne, 1384 "for by a-corde of couenau n t ȝe craue hit as yo ur awen." "þis is soth," q uod þe segge, "i say yow þatilke, & 1 i haf worthyly þis woneȝ wyth-i n ne, gawayne gives the knight a comely kiss in return. i-wysse w i t h as god wylle hit worþeȝ to ȝo ur eȝ." 1388 he hasppeȝ his fayre hals his armeȝ wyth-i n ne, & kysses hy m as comlyly as he 2 couþe awyse: "tas yow þere my cheuicau n ce, i cheued no more, i wowche hit saf fynly, þaȝ feler hit were." 1392 "hit is god," q uod þe god mon, "g ra nt m er cy þ er fore, his host desires to know where he has gotten such weal. hit may be such, hit is þe bett er , & 1 ȝe me breue wolde where ȝe wan þis ilk wele, biwytte of hor 3 seluen?" as this does not enter into the covenant, he gets no answer to his question. "þat watȝ not forward," q uod he, "frayst me no more, 1396 for ȝe haftan þat yow tydeȝ, traweȝe non oþ er ȝe mowe." þay laȝed, & made hem blyþe, they then proceed to supper, where were dainties new and enough. wyth loteȝ þat were to lowe, 1400 to soper þay ȝede asswyþe, wyth dayntes nwe i n -nowe. 1 and = an. 2 ho, in ms. 3 your (?). xi. by the hearth they sit. and syþen by þe chymné i n chamber þay seten. wine is carried round. wyȝeȝ þe walle wyn weȝed to hem oft, 1404 & efte i n her bourdy n g þay bayþen i n þe morn, to fylle þe same forwardeȝ þat þay by-fore maden, again sir gawayne and his host renew their agreement. þat chau n ce so bytydeȝ hor cheuysau n ce to chau n ge, what nweȝ so þay nome, at naȝt quen þay mette n 1408 þay acorded of þe couenau n teȝ byfore þe co ur t alle; [fol. 110.] þe beuerage watȝ broȝt forth i n bourde at þat tyme; then they take leave of each other and hasten to bed. þe n ne þay louelych leȝten leue at þe last, vche burne to his bedde busked bylyue. scarce had the cock cackled thrice when the lord was up. 1412 bi þat þe coke hade croweȝ 1 & cakled bot þryse, þe lorde watȝ lopen of his bedde, [&] þe leudeȝ vch one, so þat þe mete & þe masse watȝ metely delyu er ed; þe douthe dressed to þe wod, er any day sprenged, 1416 to chace; with his hunters and horns they pursue the chase. heȝ w i t h hu n te & horneȝ, þurȝ playneȝ þay passe i n space, vn-coupled amo n g þo þorneȝ, 1420 racheȝ þat ran on race. 1 crowed (?). xii. the hunters cheer on the hounds, sone þay calle of a quest i n aker syde, þe hu n t re-hayted þe hou n deȝ, þat hit fyrst my n ged, which fall to the scent forty at once. wylde wordeȝ hy m warp wyth a wrast noyce; 1424 þe howndeȝ þat hit herde, hastid þider swyþe, & fellen as fast to þe fuyt, fourty at ones; þe n ne such a glau er ande glam of gedered rachcheȝ ros, þat þe rochereȝ ru n gen aboute; 1428 hu n tereȝ hem hardened w i t h horne & wyth muthe. all come together by the side of a cliff. þe n al i n a semblé sweyed to-geder, bitwene a flosche i n þat fryth, & a foo cragge; in a knot, bi a clyffe, at þe kerre syde, 1432 þ er as þe rogh rocher vn-rydely watȝ fallen, [þay] ferden to þe fyndy n g, & frekeȝ hem aft er ; they look about on all sides, þay vmbe-kesten þe knarre & þe knot boþe. wyȝeȝ, whyl þay wysten wel wyt i n ne he m hit were, 1436 þe best þat þer breued watȝ wyth þe blod hou n deȝ. and beat on the bushes. þe n ne þay beten on þe buskeȝ, & bede hy m vp ryse, & he vnsou n dyly out soȝt seggeȝ ou er -þwert, out there rushes a fierce wild boar, on þe sellokest swyn swenged out þere, 1440 long sythen for 1 þe sou n der þat wiȝt for-olde, for he watȝ b[este &] bor alþer grattest, [and eue]re quen he gronyed, þe n ne greued mony, at the first thrust he fells three to the ground. for [þre a]t þe fyrst þrast he þryȝt to þe erþe, 1444 & [sped hym] forth good sped, boute spyt more, [ande þay] halowed hygh e ful hyȝe & hay! hay! cryed [fol. 110 b .] haden horneȝ to mouþe heterly rechated; full quickly the hunters pursue him. mony watȝ þe myry mouthe of men & of hou n deȝ, 1448 þat buskkeȝ aft er þis bor, w i t h bost & wyth noyse, to quelle; ful oft he bydeȝ þe baye, & maymeȝ þe mute i n n-melle, however, he attacks the hounds, causing them to yowl and yell. 1452 he hurteȝ of þe hou n deȝ, & þay ful ȝomerly ȝaule & ȝelle. 1 fro (?). xiii. the bowmen send their arrows after this wild swine, schalkeȝ to schote at hy m schowen to þe n ne, haled to hym of her areweȝ, hitten hym oft; 1456 bot þe poy n teȝ payred at þe pyth þ a t pyȝt i n his scheldeȝ, & þe barbeȝ of his browe bite non wolde, but they glide off shivered in pieces. þaȝ þe schauen schaft schyndered i n peceȝ, þe hede hypped aȝayn, were-so-eu er hit hitte; enraged with the blows, 1460 bot quon þe dynteȝ hy m dered of her dryȝe strokeȝ, þen, brayn-wod for bate, on burneȝ he raseȝ, he attacks the hunters. hurteȝ hem ful heterly þer he forth hyȝeȝ, & mony arȝed þerat, & on-lyte droȝen. 1464 bot þe lorde on a lyȝt horce lau n ces hym aft er , the lord of the land blows his bugle, as burne bolde vpon bent his bugle he bloweȝ, he rechated, & r[ode] 1 þurȝ roneȝ ful þyk, suande þis wy[ld]e swyn til þe su n ne schafted. and pursues the boar. 1468 þis day wyth þis ilk dede þay dryuen on þis wyse, whyle oure luflych lede lys i n his bedde, all this time gawayne lies a-bed. gawayn g ra yþely at home, i n gereȝ ful ryche of hewe; 1472 þe lady noȝt forȝate, com to hy m to salue, ful erly ho watȝ hy m ate, his mode forto remwe. 1 the ms. is here almost illegible. xiv. the lady of the castle again visits sir gawayne. 1476 ho co m mes to þe cortyn, & at þe knyȝt totes, s ir wawen her welcu m ed worþy on fyrst, & ho hy m ȝeldeȝ aȝayn, ful ȝerne of hir wordeȝ, softly she sits by his side, setteȝ hir sof[t]ly by his syde, & swyþely ho laȝeȝ, 1480 & wyth a luflych loke ho layde 1 hy m þyse wordeȝ: "s ir , ȝif ȝe be wawen, wonder me þynkkeȝ, wyȝe þat is so wel wrast alway to god, & conneȝ not of compaynye þe costeȝ vnder-take, [fol. 111] 1484 & if mon ke n nes yow hom to knowe, ȝe kest hom of yo ur my n de; and tells the knight that he has forgotten what she taught him the day before. þou hatȝ for-ȝeten ȝederly þat ȝist er day i taȝtte alder-truest token of talk þat i cowþe." "what is þat?" q uod þe wygh e , "i-wysse i wot neu er , 1488 if hit be sothe þat ȝe breue, þe blame is my n awen." "i taught you of kissing," she says, "that becomes every knight." "ȝet i kende yow of kyssy n g," q uod þe clere þe n ne, "quere-so cou n tenau n ce is couþe, quikly to clayme, þat bicu m es vche a knyȝt, þat cortaysy vses." 1492 "do way," q uod þat derf mon, "my dere, þat speche, gawayne says that he must not take that which is forbidden. for þat durst i not do, lest i denayed were, if i were werned, i were wrang i-wysse, ȝif i p ro fered." "ma fay," q uod þe mere wyf, "ȝe may not be werned, he is told that he is strong enough to enforce it. 1496 ȝe ar stif i n -nogh e to constrayne wyth strenkþe, ȝif yow lykeȝ, ȝif any were so vilano us þat yow denaye 2 wolde." "ȝe, be god," q uod gawayn, "good is yo ur speche, bot þrete is vn-þryuande i n þede þ er i lende, the knight replies that every gift is worthless that is not given willingly. 1500 & vche gift þat is geuen not w i t h goud wylle; i am at yo ur comaundeme n t, to kysse quen yow lykeȝ, ȝe may lach quen yow lyst, & leue quen yow þynkkeȝ, in space." the lady stoops down and kisses him. 1504 þe lady louteȝ a-dou n , & comlyly kysses his face, much speche þay þ er expou n , of druryes greme & g ra ce. 1 sayde (?). 2 de vaye, in ms. xv. "i would learn," she says, "why you, who are so young and active, 1508 "i woled 1 wyt at yow, wyȝe," þat worþy þer sayde, "& yow wrathed not þer-wyth, what were þe skylle, þat so ȝong & so ȝepe, as ȝe [ar] at þis tyme, so cortayse, so knyȝtyly, as ȝe ar knowen oute, so skilled in the true sport of love, 1512 & of alle cheualry to chose, þe chef þy n g a-losed, is 2 þe lel layk of luf, þe lettrure of armes; f[or] to telle of þis tenely n g of þis trwe knyȝteȝ, hit is þe tytelet, token, & tyxt of her werkkeȝ, 1516 how le[des] for her lele luf hor lyueȝ han au n tered, endured for her drury dulful stou n deȝ, & aft er wenged w i t h her walo ur & voyded her care, and so renowned a knight, & broȝt blysse i n -to boure, w i t h bou n tees hor awen. 1520 & ȝe ar knyȝt com-lokest kyd of yo ur elde, [fol. 111 b .] yo ur worde & yo ur worchip walkeȝ ay quere, & i haf seten by yo ur -self here sere twyes, have never talked to me of love. ȝet herde i neu er of yo ur hed helde no wordeȝ 1524 þat eu er longed to luf, lasse ne more; you ought to show a young thing like me some token of 'true-love's crafts.' & ȝe, þat ar so cortays & coy n t of yo ur hetes, ogh e to a ȝonke þy n k ȝern to schewe, & teche su m tokeneȝ of trweluf craftes. 1528 why ar ȝe lewed, þat alle þe los weldeȝ, oþ er elles ȝe demen me to dille, yo ur dalyau n ce to herken? for schame! i com hider sengel, & sitte, 1532 to lerne at yow su m game, so teach me of your 'wit' while my lord is from home." dos, techeȝ me of yo ur wytte, whil my lorde is fro hame." 1 wolde (?). 2 in (?). xvi. "it is a great pleasure to me," says sir gawayne, "to hear you talk, "in goud fayþe," q uod gawayn, "god yow forȝelde, 1536 gret is þe gode gle, & gomen to me huge, þat so worþy as ȝe wolde wy n ne hidere, & pyne yow w i t h so pou er a mon, as play wyth yo ur knyȝt, with any sky n neȝ cou n tenau n ce, hit keu er eȝ me ese; but i cannot undertake the task to expound true-love and tales of arms. 1540 bot to take þe toruayle 1 to my-self, to trwluf expou n , & towche þe temeȝ of tyxt, & taleȝ of armeȝ, to yow þat, i wot wel, weldeȝ more slyȝt of þat art, bi þe half, or a hu n dreth of seche 1544 as i am, oþ er eu er schal, i n erde þer i leue, hit were a fole fele-folde, my fre, by my trawþe. i will, however, act according to your will, i wolde yowre wylny n g worche at my myȝt, as i am hyȝly bihalden, & eu er -more wylle and ever be your servant." 1548 be seruau n t to yo ur -seluen, so saue me dryȝtyn!" þ us hy m frayned þat fre, & fondet hy m ofte, forto haf wo n nen hy m to woȝe, what-so scho þoȝt elleȝ, thus gawayne defends himself. bot he de fended hy m so fayr, þat no faut semed, 1552 ne non euel on nawþ er halue, nawþ er þay wysten, bot blysse; þay laȝed & layked longe, at þe last scho con hy m kysse, the lady having kissed the knight, takes leave of him. 1556 hir leue fayre con scho fonge, & went hir waye iwysse. 1 tornayle (?). xvii. gawayne rises, hears mass, and then dines. then ruþes hy m þe renk, & ryses to þe masse, [fol. 112.] & siþen hor din er watȝ dyȝt & derely serued. meanwhile the lord pursues the wild boar, 1560 þe lede w i t h þe ladyeȝ layked alle day, bot þe lorde ou er þe londeȝ lau n ced ful ofte, sweȝ his vncely swyn, þat swy n geȝ bi þe bonkkeȝ, that bit the backs of his hounds asunder, & bote þe best of his bracheȝ þe bakkeȝ i n su n der; 1564 þer he bode i n his bay, tel 1 bawe-men hit breken, & made 2 hym, maw-gref his bed, forto mwe vtt er ; and caused the stiffest of the hunters to start. so felle floneȝ per flete, when þe folk gedered; bot ȝet þe styffest to start bi stou n deȝ he made, 1568 til at þe last he watȝ so mat, he myȝt no more re n ne, the boar runs into a hole in a rock by the side of a brook. bot i n þe hast þat he myȝt, he to a hole wy n neȝ, of a rasse, bi a rokk, þ er re n neȝ þe boerne, he gete þe bonk at his bak, bigy n eȝ to scrape, the froth foams at his mouth. 1572 þe froþe femed 3 at his mouth vnfayre bi þe wykeȝ, whetteȝ his whyte tuscheȝ; w i t h hy m þe n irked alle þe burneȝ so bolde, þat hy m by stoden, none durst approach him, to nye hy m on-ferum, bot neȝe hy m non durst 1576 for woþe; he hade hurt so mony byforne, þat al þuȝt 4 þe n ne ful loþe, so many had he torn with his tusks. be more wyth his tuscheȝ torne, 1580 þat breme watȝ [&] bray n -wod both e . 1 til (?). 2 madee, in ms. 3 fomed (?). 4 þoȝt (?). xviii. the knight, seeing the boar at bay, til þe knyȝt com hy m -self, kachande his blonk, syȝ hy m byde at þe bay, his burneȝ bysyde, alights from his horse, he lyȝt es luflych 1 adou n , leueȝ his corso ur , 1584 braydeȝ out a bryȝt bront, & bigly forth strydeȝ, fou n deȝ fast þurȝ þe forth, þer þe felle bydeȝ, and seeks to attack him with his sword. þe wylde watȝ war of þe wyȝe w i t h weppen i n honde, hef hyȝly þe here, so hett er ly he fnast, 1588 þat fele ferde for þe frekeȝ, 2 lest felle hy m þe worre; the "swine sets out" upon the man, þe swyn setteȝ hy m out on þe segge euen, þat þe burne & þe bor were boþe vpon hepeȝ, in þe wyȝt-est of þe wat er , þe worre hade þat oþ er ; who, aiming well, 1592 for þe mon merkkeȝ hy m wel, as þay mette fyrst, set sadly þe scharp i n þe slot euen, wounds him in the pit of the stomach. hit hy m vp to þe hult, þat þe hert schyndered, & he ȝarrande hy m ȝelde, & ȝedou n 3 þe wat er , 1596 ful tyt; [fol. 112 b .] a hu n dreth hou n deȝ hy m hent, the boar is soon bitten to death by a hundred hounds. þat bremely con hy m bite, burneȝ hi m broȝt to bent, 1600 & doggeȝ to dethe endite. 1 ms. luslych. 2 freke (?). 3 ȝede doun (?). xix. then was there blowing of horns there watȝ blawy n g of prys i n mony breme home, heȝe halowi n g on hiȝe, w i t h haþeleȝ þat myȝt; and baying of hounds. brachetes bayed þat best, as bidden þe mayst er eȝ, 1604 of þat chargeau n t chace þat were chef hu n tes. one wise in woodcraft begins to unlace the boar. þe n ne a wyȝe þat watȝ wys vpon wod crafteȝ, to vnlace þis bor lufly bigy n neȝ; first he hews off the head, then rends him by the back. fyrst he hewes of his hed, & on hiȝe setteȝ, 1608 & syþen rendeȝ him al rogh e bi þe rygge after, he next removes the bowels, broils them on the ashes, and therewith rewards his hounds. braydeȝ out þe boweles, bre n neȝ ho m on glede, with bred blent þer-w i t h his braches rewardeȝ; syþen he britneȝ out þe brawen i n bryȝt brode [s]cheldeȝ, then the hastlets are removed. 1612 & hatȝ out þe hastletteȝ, as hiȝtly bisemeȝ; the two halves are next bound together and hung upon a pole. & ȝet hem halcheȝ al hole þe halueȝ to-geder, & syþen on a stif stange stoutly hem henges. now with þis ilk swyn þay swengen to home; the boar's head is borne before the knight, who hastens home. 1616 þe bores hed watȝ borne bifore þe burnes seluen, þat hi m for-ferde i n þe forþe, þurȝ forse of his honde, so stronge; til he seȝ s ir gawayne, 1620 i n halle hy m þoȝt ful longe, gawayne is called to receive the spoil. he calde, & he com gayn, his feeȝ þ er for to fonge. xx. the lord of the land is well pleased when he sees sir gawayne, þe lorde ful lowde w i t h lote, & laȝed myry, 1624 whe n he seȝe s ir g: w i t h solace he spekeȝ; þe goude ladyeȝ were geten, & gedered þe meyny, he shows him the shields of the wild boar, and tells him of its length and breadth. he scheweȝ hem þe scheldeȝ, & schapes hem þe tale, of þe largesse, & þe lenþe, þe liþ er neȝ alse, 1628 of þe were of þe wylde swyn, i n wod þer he fled. þat oþ er knyȝt ful comly comended his dedeȝ, & praysed hit as gret prys, þat he proued hade; such a "brawn of a beast," sir gawayne says, he never has seen. for suche a brawne of a best, þe bolde burne sayde, 1632 ne such sydes of a swyn, segh he neu er are. þe n ne hondeled þay þe hoge hed, þe hende mo n hit praysed, [fol. 113.] & let lodly þerat þe lorde forte here: gawayne takes possession of it according to covenant, "now gawayn," q uod þe god mon, "þis gomen is yo ur awen, 1636 bi fyn for-warde & faste, faythely ȝe knowe." "hit is sothe," q uod þe segge, "& as siker trwe; alle my get i schal yow gif agayn, bi my trawþe." and in return kisses his host, he [hent] þe haþel aboute þe halse, & hendely hy m kysses, 1640 & eft er -sones of þe same he serued hy m þere. "now ar we euen," q uod þe haþel, "in þis euen-tide, of alle þe couenau n tes þat we knyt, syþen i com hider, bi lawe;" who declares his guest to be the best he knows. 1644 þe lorde sayde, "bi saynt gile, ȝe ar þe best þat i knowe, ȝe ben ryche i n a whyle, such chaffer & ȝe drowe." xxi. tables are raised aloft, 1648 þe n ne þay teldet tableȝ [on] trestes alofte, cloths cast upon them, kesten cloþeȝ vpon, clere lyȝt þe n ne and torches are lighted. wakned bi woȝeȝ, waxen torches seggeȝ sette, & serued i n sale al aboute; with much mirth and glee, 1652 much glam & gle glent vp þ er -i n ne, aboute þe fyre vpon flet, & on fele wyse, supper is served in the hall, at þe soper & aft er , mony aþel songeȝ, as cou n dutes of kryst-masse, & caroleȝ newe, 1656 with alle þe man er ly m er þe þ a t mon may of telle. and ever our lovely knight by the lady sits, & eu er oure luflych knyȝt þe lady bi-syde; such semblau n t to þat segge semly ho made, who does all she can to please her companion. wyth stille stollen cou n tenau n ce, þat stalworth to plese, 1660 þat al for-wondered watȝ þe wyȝe, & wroth w i t h hy m -seluen, bot he nolde not for his nurture nurne hir a-ȝayneȝ, bot dalt w i t h hir al i n daynte, how-se-eu er þe dede turned to wrast; when they had long played in the hall, 1664 quen þay hade played i n halle, as longe as hor wylle hom last, they proceeded "to chamber." to chambre he 1 con hy m calle, & to þe chem-ne þay past. 1 ho (?). xxii. there they drank and discoursed. 1668 ande þer þay dronken, & dalten, & demed eft nwe, to norne on þe same note, on nweȝereȝ euen; gawayne begs leave to depart on the morrow. bot þe knyȝt craued leue, to kayre on þe morn, for hit watȝ neȝ at þe terme, þat he to 1 schulde. [fol. 113 b .] 1672 þe lorde hy m letted of þat, to lenge hy m resteyed, his host swears to him, & sayde, "as i am trwe segge, i siker my trawþe, that he shall come to the green chapel on new year's morn long before prime. þ o u schal cheue to þe grene chapel, þy charres to make, leude, on nwȝereȝ lyȝt, longe bifore pryme: 1676 for-þy þow lye i n þy loft, & lach þyn ese, & i schal hu n t in þis holt, & halde þe towcheȝ, chau n ge wyth þe cheuisau n ce, bi þat i charre hider; for i haf fraysted þe twys, & faythful i fynde þe, 1680 now þrid tyme þrowe best þenk on þe morne, make we mery quyl we may, & my n ne vpon ioye, for þe lur may mon lach, when so mon lykeȝ." þis watȝ grayþely grau n ted, & gawayn is lenged, our knight consents to remain for another night. 1684 bliþe broȝt watȝ hym drynk, & þay to bedde ȝeden, w i t h liȝt; full still and softly he sleeps all night. s ir g: lis & slepes, ful stille & softe al niȝt; early in the morning the lord is up. 1688 þe lorde þat his crafteȝ kepes, ful erly he watȝ diȝt. 1 te (?). xxiii. after mass, a morsel he take with his men. aft er messe a morsel 1 he & his men token, miry watȝ þe morny n g, his mou n ture he askes; then were all on their horses before the hall-gates. 1692 alle þe haþeles þat on horse schulde helden hy m aft er , were bou n busked on hor blonkkeȝ, bi-fore 2 þe halle ȝateȝ; it was a clear frosty morning. ferly fayre watȝ þe folde, for þe forst clenged, i n rede rudede vpon rak rises þe su n ne, the hunters, dispersed by a wood's side, 1696 & ful clere costeȝ 3 þe clowdes of þe welkyn. hu n teres vnhardeled bi a holt syde, rocheres rou n gen bi rys, for rurde of her hornes; come upon the track of a fox, su m me fel i n þe fute, þer þe fox bade, 1700 trayleȝ ofte a trayt er es 4 , bi trau n t of her wyles; a kenet kryes þerof, þe hu n t on hy m calles, his felaȝes fallen hy m to, þ a t fnasted ful þike, which is followed up by the hounds. ru n nen forth i n a rabel, i n his ryȝt fare; 1704 & he fyskeȝ hem by-fore, þay fou n den hy m sone, they soon get sight of the game, & quen þay segh e hy m wit h syȝt, þay sued hy m fast, wreȝande h[y m ] ful [w]eterly with a wroth noyse; and pursue him through many a rough grove. & he trantes & tornayeeȝ þurȝ mony tene greue; 1708 hamlou n eȝ, & herkeneȝ, bi heggeȝ ful ofte; [fol. 114.] the fox at last leaps over a spinny, at þe last bi a littel dich he lepeȝ ou er a spe n né, steleȝ out ful stilly bi a strothe rande, and by a rugged path seeks to get clear from the hounds. went haf wylt of þe wode, w i t h wyleȝ fro þe hou n des, 1712 þe n ne watȝ he went, er he wyst, to 5 a wale tryst er , he comes upon one of the hunting stations, where he is attacked by the dogs. þer þre þro at a þrich þrat hy m at ones, al graye; however, he slips them, he blenched aȝayn bilyue, 1716 & stifly start onstray, with alle þe wo on lyue, and makes again for the wood. to þe wod he went away. 1 ms. nnorsel. 2 bi-forere, in ms. 3 casteȝ (?). 4 trayveres (?). 5 to to, in ms. xxiv. then was it fine sport to listen to the hounds, the n ne watȝ hit lif vpon list to lyþen þe hou n deȝ, 1720 when alle þe mute hade hy m met, menged to-geder, suche a sorȝe at þat syȝt þay sette on his hede, as alle þe clamberande clyffes hade clat er ed on hepes; and the hallooing of the hunters. here he watȝ halawed, when haþeleȝ hy m metten, 1724 loude he watȝ ȝayned, w i t h ȝarande speche; there the fox was threatened and called a thief. þer he watȝ þreted, & ofte þef called, & ay þe titleres at his tayl, þat tary he ne myȝt; ofte he watȝ ru n nen at, when he out rayked, but reynard was wily, 1728 & ofte reled i n aȝayn, so reniarde watȝ wylé. and led them astray over mounts. & ȝe he lad hem bi lag, mon, þe lorde & his meyny; on þis man er bi þe mou n tes, quyle myd, ou er , vnder, meanwhile the knight at home soundly sleeps within his comely curtains. whyle þe hende knyȝt at home holsu m ly slepeȝ, 1732 with-i n ne þe comly corty n es, on þe colde morne. bot þe lady for luf let not to slepe, ne þe purpose to payre, þat pyȝt i n hir hert, bot ros hir vp radly, rayked hir þeder, the lady of the castle, clothed in a rich mantle, 1736 in a mery mantyle, mete to þe erþe, þat watȝ furred ful fyne w i t h felleȝ, wel pured, no hweȝ goud on hir hede, bot þe haȝer stones trased aboute hir tresso ur , be twenty i n clust er es; her throat and bosom all bare, 1740 hir þryuen face & hir þrote þrowen al naked, hir brest bare bifore, & bihinde eke. comes to gawayne's chamber, ho comeȝ w i t h -i n ne þe chambre dore, & closes hit hir aft er , opens a window, and says, wayneȝ 1 vp a wyndow, & on þe wyȝe calleȝ, 1744 & radly þ us re-hayted hy m , w i t h hir riche wordeȝ, w i t h 2 chere; "ah! man, how canst thou sleep, "a! mon, how may þ o u slepe, [fol. 114 b .] this morning is so clear?" þis morni n g is so clere?" 1748 he watȝ i n drowpi n g depe, bot þe n ne he con hir here. 1 wayueȝ(?). 2 bi, à sec. manu. xxv. the knight was then dreaming of his forthcoming adventure at the green chapel. in dreȝ droupy n g of dreme draueled þat noble, as mon þat watȝ in morny n g of mony þro þoȝtes, 1752 how þat destiné schulde þat day [dyȝt] his wyrde, at þe grene chapel, when he þe gome metes, & bi-houes his buffet abide, with-oute debate more; he awakes and speaks to his fair visitor, bot quen þat comly he keu er ed his wyttes, 1756 swenges out of þe sweuenes, & swareȝ w i t h hast. þe lady luflych com laȝande swete, who sweetly kisses him. felle ou er his fayre face, & fetly hi m kyssed; he welcu m eȝ hir worþily, with a wale chere; 1760 he seȝ hir so glorio us , & gayly atyred, so fautles of hir fetures, & of so fyne hewes, great joy warms the heart of sir gawayne, wiȝt wallande ioye warmed his hert; w i t h smoþe smyly n g & smolt þay smeten i n -to m er þe, 1764 þat al watȝ blis & bonchef, þat breke hem bi-twene, & wy n ne, þay lanced wordes gode, much wele þe n watȝ þ er -i n ne, and "great peril between them stood." 1768 gret p er ile bi-twene hem stod, nif mare of hir knyȝt my n ne. xxvi. the knight is sorely pressed. for þat prynce of pris de-presed hy m so þikke. nurned hy m so neȝe þe þred, þat nede hy m bi-houed, 1772 oþ er lach þer hir luf, oþ er lodly re-fuse; he cared for his cortaysye, lest craþayn he were, he fears lest he should become a traitor to his host. & more for his meschef, ȝif he schulde make sy n ne, & be traytor to þat tolke, þat þ a t telde aȝt. 1776 "god schylde," q uod þe schalk, "þat schal not be-falle!" w i t h luf-laȝy ng a lyt, he layd hy m by-syde alle þe specheȝ of specialté þat sprange of her mouthe. q uod þat burde to þe burne, "blame ȝe disserue, 1780 ȝif ȝe luf not þat lyf þat ȝe lye nexte, bifore alle þe wyȝeȝ i n þe worlde, wou n ded i n hert, the lady inquire whether he has a mistress that he loves better than her. bot if ȝe haf a le m man, a leu er , þat yow lykeȝ bett er , & folden fayth to þat fre, festned so harde, [fol. 115.] 1784 þat yow lausen ne lyst, & þat i leue nouþe; and þat ȝe telle me þat, now trwly i pray yow, for alle þe lufeȝ vpon lyue, layne not þe soþe, for gile." sir gawayne swears by st. john that he neither has nor desires one. 1788 þe knyȝt sayde, "be sayn ion," & smeþely con he smyle, "in fayth i welde riȝt non, ne non wil welde þe quile." xxvii. 1792 "þat is a worde," q uod þat wyȝt, "þat worst is of alle, bot i am swared for soþe, þat sore me þinkkeȝ; she then kisses him, sighing for sorrow. kysse me now coraly, & i schal cach heþen, i may bot mo ur ne vpon molde, as may þat much louyes." 1796 sykande ho sweȝe dou n , & semly hy m kyssed, & siþen ho seu e res hy m fro, & says as ho stondes, "now, dere, at þis de-party n g, do me þis ese, she desires some gift, gif me sumquat of þy gifte, þi gloue if 1 hit were, by which to remember him. 1800 þat i may my n ne on þe mon, my mo ur ny n g to lassen." "now iwysse," q uod þat wyȝe, "i wolde i hade here þe leuest þi n g for þy luf, þat i in londe welde, gawayne tells her that she is worthy of a better gift than he can bestow. for ȝe haf deserued, forsoþe, sellyly ofte 1804 more rewarde bi resou n , þe n i reche myȝt, bot to dele yow for drurye, þ a t dawed bot neked; hit is not yo ur hono ur to haf at þis tyme a gloue for a garysou n , of gawayneȝ gifteȝ, 1808 & i am here [on] an erande i n erdeȝ vncouþe, he has no men with mails containing precious things. & haue no me n wyth no maleȝ, w i t h menskful þi n geȝ; þat mislykeȝ me, ladé, for luf at þis tyme, 2 iche tolke mon do as he is tan, tas to non ille, 1812 ne pine." then says that lovesome, "nay, hende of hyȝe hono ur s," q uod þat lufsu m vnder lyne, "though i had nought of yours, yet should ye have of mine." "þaȝ i hade oȝt 3 of yo ur eȝ, 1816 ȝet schulde ȝe haue of myne." 1 of, in ms. 2 tyne, in ms. 3 noȝt (?). xxviii. she offers him a gold ring, ho raȝt hy m a riche rynk 1 of red golde werkeȝ, wyth a starande ston, stondande alofte, þat bere blusschande bemeȝ as þe bryȝt su n ne; 1820 wyt ȝe wel, hit watȝ worth wele ful hoge. but he refuses to accept it, bot þe renk hit renayed, & redyly he sayde, [fol. 115 b .] "i wil no gifteȝ for gode, my gay, at þis tyme; as he has none to give in return. i haf none yow to norne, ne noȝt wyl i take." 1824 ho bede hit hy m ful bysily, & he hir bode wernes, & swere swyftel[y] his sothe, þat he hit sese nolde; very sorrowful was that fair one on account of his refusal. & ho sore þat he forsoke, & sayde þ er -after, "if ȝe renay my rynk, to ryche for hit semeȝ, 1828 ȝe wolde not so hyȝly halden be to me, i schal gif yow my girdel, þat gaynes yow lasse." ho laȝt a lace lyȝtly, þat 2 leke vmbe hir sydeȝ, she takes off her "girdle," knit vpon hir kyrtel, vnder þe clere mantyle, 1832 gered hit watȝ w i t h grene sylke, & w i t h golde schaped, noȝt bot arou n de brayden, beten w i t h fyngreȝ; & þat ho bede to þe burne, & blyþely bi-soȝt and beseeches him to take it. þaȝ hit vn-worþi were, þat he hit take wolde. 1836 & he nay þat he nolde negh e i n no wyse, gawayne again refuses to accept anything, nauþer golde ne garysou n , er god hy m g ra ce sende, to acheue to þe chau n ce þat he hade chosen þere. "& þerfore, i pray yow, displese yow noȝt, 1840 & letteȝ be yo ur bisinesse, for i bayþe hit yow neu er to grau n te; i am derely to yow biholde, bi-cause of yo ur sembelau n t, but promises, "ever in hot and in cold, to be her true servant." 1844 & eu er i n hot & colde to be yo ur trwe seruau n t. 1 ryng (?). 2 þat þat, in ms. xxix. "do you refuse it," says the lady, because it is simple? "now forsake ȝe þis silke." sayde þe burde þe n ne, "for hit is symple i n hit-self. & so hit wel semeȝ? 1848 lo! so hit is littel, & lasse hit is worþy; whoso knew the virtues that it possesses, would highly prize it. bot who-so knew þe costes þat knit ar þer-i n ne, he wolde hit prayse at more prys, parauenture; for he who is girded with this green lace, for quat gome so is gorde w i t h þis grene lace, 1852 while he hit hade hemely halched aboute, þer is no haþel vnder heuen to-hewe hym þat myȝt; cannot be wounded or slain." for he myȝt not he slayn, for slyȝt vpon erþe." þe n kest þe knyȝt, & hit come to his hert, the knight thinks of his adventure at the green chapel. 1856 hit were a iuel for þe iopardé, þat hy m iugged were, when he acheued to þe chapel, his chek forto fech; the lady presses him to accept the lace. myȝ 1 he haf slypped to þe vn-slayn, þe sleȝt were noble. [fol. 116.] þe n ne ho þulged with hir þrepe, & þoled hir to speke, 1860 & ho bere on hy m þe belt, & bede hit hy m swyþe, he consents not only to take the girdle, but to keep the possession of it a secret. & he g ra nted, & [ho] hy m gafe with a goud wylle, & bisoȝt hy m , for hir sake, disceu er hit neu er , bot to lelly layne for 2 hir lorde; þe leude hy m acordeȝ. 1864 þat neu er wyȝe schulde hit wyt, iwysse, bot þay twayne, for noȝte; he þonkked hir oft ful swyþe, ful þro w i t h hert & þoȝt. by that time the lady has kissed him thrice. 1868 bi þat on þry n ne syþe, he hatȝ kyst þe knyȝt so toȝt. 1 myȝt (?). 2 fro (?). xxx. then she takes her leave. the n ne lachcheȝ ho hir leue, & leueȝ hy m þere, for more myrþe of þat mon moȝt ho not gete; gawayne then dresses himself, 1872 when ho 1 watȝ gon, s ir g. gereȝ hy m sone, rises, & riches hy m i n araye noble, and conceals the love-lace about his person. lays vp þe luf-lace, þe lady hy m raȝt, hid hit ful holdely, þ er he hit eft fonde; 1876 syþe n cheuely to þe chapel choses he þe waye, he then hies to mass, preuely aproched to a prest, & prayed hy m þere þat he wolde lyfte 2 his lyf, & lern hy m bett er , how his sawle schulde be saued, when he schuld seye heþe n . and shrives him of his misdeeds. 1880 þere he schrof hy m schyrly, & schewed his mysdedeȝ, of þe more & þe my n ne, & m er ci besecheȝ, and prays for absolution. & of absoluciou n he on þe segge calles; & he asoyled hy m surely, & sette hy m so clene, he returns to the hall, and makes himself so merry among the ladies, 1884 as domeȝ-day schulde haf ben diȝt on þe morn. & syþen he mace hy m as mery amo n g þe fre ladyes, with comely carols, w i t h comlych caroles, & alle ky n nes ioye, as neu er he did bot þat daye, to þe derk nyȝt, 1888 w i t h blys; vche mon hade daynte þare, that they said, of hy m , & sayde iwysse, "thus merry was he never before since hither he came." þ us myry he watȝ neu er are, 1892 syn he com hider, er þis. 1 he, in ms. 2 lyste (?). xxxi. gawayne's host is still in the field. now hy m lenge i n þat lee, þ er luf hy m bi-tyde; ȝet is þe lorde on þe lau n de, ledande his gomnes, he has destroyed the fox. he hatȝ forfaren þis fox, þ a t he folȝed longe; 1896 as he sprent ou er a spe n né, to spye þe schrewe, [fol. 116 b .] þer as he herd þe howndes, þat hasted hy m swyþe, he spied reynard coming through a "rough grove," renaud com richchande þurȝ a roȝe greue, & alle þe rabel i n a res, ryȝt at his heleȝ. and tried to hit him with his sword. 1900 þe wyȝe watȝ war of þe wylde, & warly abides, & braydeȝ out þe bryȝt bronde, & at þe best casteȝ; & he schu n t for þe scharp, & schulde haf arered, the fox "shunts," and is seized by one of the dogs. a rach rapes hy m to, ryȝt er he myȝt, 1904 & ryȝt bifore þe hors fete þay fel on hy m alle, & woried me þis wyly wyth a wroth noyse. the lord takes him out of the hound's mouth. þe lorde lyȝteȝ bilyue, & cacheȝ by 1 sone, rased hy m ful radly out of þe rach mouþes, 1908 haldeȝ heȝe ou er his hede, haloweȝ faste, & þ er bayen hy m mony bray 2 hou n deȝ; hunters hasten thither with horns full many. hu n tes hyȝed hem þeder, w i t h horneȝ ful mony, ay re-chatande aryȝt til þay þe renk seȝen; 1912 bi þat watȝ comen his compeyny noble, alle þat eu er ber bugle blowed at ones, it was the merriest meet that ever was heard. & alle þise oþ er halowed, þat hade no hornes, hit watȝ þe myriest mute þat eu er me n herde, 1916 þe rich rurd þat þ er watȝ raysed for renaude saule, w i t h lote; the hounds are rewarded, hor hou n deȝ þay þ er rewarde, her 3 hedeȝ þay fawne & frote, and then they take reynard and "turn off his coat." 1920 & syþen þay tan reynarde, & tyrnen of his cote. 1 hy m (?). 2 braþ (?). 3 her her, in ms. xxxii. the hunters then hasten home. & þe n ne þay helden to home, for hit watȝ nieȝ nyȝt, strakande ful stoutly i n hor store horneȝ; the lord at last alights at his dear home, 1924 þe lorde is lyȝt at þe laste at hys lef home, fyndeȝ fire vpon flet, þe freke þ er by-side, sir gawayn þe gode, þat glad watȝ w i t h alle, where he finds gawayne amusing the ladies. amo n g þe ladies for luf he ladde much ioye, 1928 he were a bleau n t of blwe, þat bradde to þe erþe, his surkot semed hy m wel, þat softe watȝ forred, & his hode of þat ilke henged on his schulder, the knight comes forward and welcomes his host, blande al of blau n ner were boþe al aboute. 1932 he meteȝ me þis god mon i n myddeȝ þe flore, & al with gomen he hy m gret, & goudly he sayde, "i schal fylle vpon fyrst oure forwardeȝ nouþe, [fol. 117.] þat we spedly han spoken, þer spared watȝ no drynk;" and according to covenant kisses him thrice. 1936 þen acoles he [þe] knyȝt, & kysses hy m þryes, (see l. 1868.) as sauerly & sadly as he hem sette couþe. "by christ," says the other, "ye have had much bliss!" "bi kryst," q uod þat oþ er knyȝt, "ȝe cach much sele, i n cheuisau n ce of þis chaffer, ȝif ȝe hade goud chepeȝ." 1940 "ȝe of þe chepe no charg," q uod chefly þat oþ er , "as is pertly payed þe chepeȝ þat i aȝte." "mary," q uod þat oþ er mon, "myn is bi-hynde, i have hunted all day and have gotten nothing, for i haf hu n ted al þis day, & noȝt haf i geten, but the skin of this foul fox, 1944 bot þis foule fox felle, þe fende haf þe godeȝ, a poor reward for three such kisses." & þat is ful pore, for to pay for suche prys þi n ges, as ȝe haf þryȝt me here, þro suche þre cosses, so gode." 1948 "i-noȝ," q uod s ir gawayn, "i þonk yow, bi þe rode;" he then tells him how the fox was slain. & how þe fox watȝ slayn, he tolde hy m , as þay stode. xxxiii. with much mirth and minstrelsy they made merry, 1952 with m er þe & mynstralsye, wyth meteȝ at hor wylle, þay maden as mery as any me n moȝten, w i t h laȝy n g of ladies, w i t h loteȝ of bordes; gawayn & þe gode mo n so glad were þay boþe, 1956 bot if þe douthe had doted, oþ er dronken ben oþ er , boþe þe mon & þe meyny maden mony iapeȝ, until the time came for them to part. til þe sesou n watȝ seȝen, þat þay seu er moste; burneȝ to hor bedde be-houed at þe laste. gawayne takes leave of his host. 1960 þe n ne loȝly his leue at þe lorde fyrst fochcheȝ þis fre mon, & fayre he hy m þonkkeȝ; and thanks him for his happy "sojourn." "of such a sellyly 1 soiorne, as i haf hade here, yo ur hono ur , at þis hyȝe fest, þe hyȝe ky n g yow ȝelde! 1964 i ȝef yow me for on of yo ur eȝ, if yowre-self lykeȝ, for i mot nedes, as ȝe wot, meue to morne; he asks for a man to teach him the way to the green chapel. & ȝe me take su m tolke, to teche, as ȝe hyȝt, þe gate to þe grene chapel, as god wyl me suffer 1968 to dele, on nwȝereȝ day, þe dome of my wyrdes." "in god fayþe," q uod þe god mon. "wyth a goud wylle; al þat eu er i yow hyȝt, halde schal i rede." a servant is assigned to him, þer asy n gnes he a seruau n t, to sett hy m i n þe waye, [fol. 117 b .] 1972 & cou n due hy m by þe downeȝ, þat he no drechch had, for to f[e]rk þurȝ þe fryth, & fare at þe gaynest, bi greue. þe lorde gawayn con þonk, 1976 such worchip he wolde hy m weue; and then he takes leave of the ladies, þe n at þo ladyeȝ wlonk. þe knyȝt hatȝ tan his leue. 1 selly (?). xxxiv. kissing them sorrowfully. with care & wyth kyssy n g he carppeȝ hem tille, 1980 & fele þryuande þonkkeȝ he þrat hom to haue, & þay ȝelden hy m aȝay[n] ȝeply þat ilk; they commend him to christ. þay bikende hy m to kryst, w i t h ful colde syky n geȝ. he then departs, thanking each one he meets "for his service and solace." syþen fro þe meyny he menskly de-partes; 1984 vche mon þat he mette, he made hem a þonke, for his seruyse, & his solace, & his sere pyne, þat þay wyth busynes had ben, aboute hy m to serue; & vche segge as sore, to seu er w i t h hy m þere, 1988 as þay hade wonde worþyly w i t h þat wlonk eu er . he retires to rest but sleeps but little, þe n w i t h ledes & lyȝt he watȝ ladde to his chambre, & blybely broȝt to his bedde, to be at his rest; ȝif he ne slepe sou n dyly, say ne dar i, for much has he to think of on the morrow. 1992 for he hade muche on þe morn to my n ne, ȝif he wolde, in þoȝt; let him there lie still. let hy m lyȝe þere stille, he hatȝ 1 nere þat he soȝt, be still awhile, and i shall tell how they wrought. 1996 & ȝe wyl a whyle be stylle, i schal telle yow how þay wroȝt. 1 watȝ (?). [fytte the fourth.] i. new year's day approaches. now neȝeȝ þe nwȝere, & þe nyȝt passeȝ, þe day dryueȝ to þe derk, as dryȝtyn biddeȝ; the weather is stormy. 2000 bot wylde wedereȝ of þe worlde wakned þeroute, clowdes kesten kenly þe colde to þe erþe, wyth nyȝe 1 in-nogh e of þe norþe, þe naked to tene; snow falls. þe snawe snitered ful snart, þat snayped þe wylde; 2004 þe werbelande wynde wapped fro þe hyȝe, the dales are full of drift. & drof vche dale ful of dryftes ful grete. þe leude lystened ful wel, þat leȝ i n his bedde, gawayne in his bed hears each cock that crows. þaȝ he lowkeȝ his liddeȝ, ful lyttel he slepes; 2008 bi vch kok þat crue, he knwe wel þe steuen. [fol. 118.] de-liu er ly he dressed vp, er þe day sprenged, for þere watȝ lyȝt of a lau[m]pe, þat lemed i n his chambre; he calls for his chamberlain, and bids him bring him his armour. he called to his chamberlayn, þat cofly hy m swared, 2012 & bede hy m bry n g hy m his bruny, & his blonk sadel; þat oþ er ferkeȝ hy m vp, & fecheȝ hy m his wedeȝ, & grayþeȝ me s ir gawayn vpon a grett wyse. fyrst he clad hy m i n his cloþeȝ, þe colde for to were; 2016 & syþen his oþ er harnays, þat holdely watȝ keped, boþe his pau n ce, & his plateȝ, piked ful clene, men knock off the rust from his rich habergeon. þe ry n geȝ 2 rokked of þe roust, of his riche bruny; & al watȝ fresch as vpon fyrst, & he watȝ fayn þe n ne 2020 to þonk; he hade vpon vche pece, wypped ful wel & wlonk; the knight then calls for his steed. þe gayest i n to grece, 2024 þe burne bede bry n g his blonk. 1 nywe (?). 2 rynkeȝ (?). ii. while he clothed himself in his rich weeds, whyle þe wlonkest wedes he warp on hy m -seluen; his cote, wyth be conysau n ce of þe clere werkeȝ, ennurned vpon veluet v er tuu us 1 stoneȝ, 2028 aboute beten, & bou n den, enbrauded semeȝ, & fayre furred w i t h -i n ne wyth fayre pelures. he forgot not the "lace," the lady's gift, ȝet laft he not þe lace, þe ladieȝ gifte, þat for-gat not gawayn, for gode of hy m -seluen; 2032 bi he hade belted þe bronde vpon his balȝe hau n cheȝ, but with it doubly girded his loins. þe n n dressed he his drurye double hy m aboute; swyþe sweþled vmbe his swange swetely, þat knyȝt, þe gordel of þe grene silke, þat gay wel bisemed, 2036 vpon þat ryol red cloþe, þat ryche watȝ to schewe. he wore it not for its rich ornaments, bot wered not þis ilk wyȝe for wele þis gordel, for pryde of þe pendau n teȝ, þaȝ polyst þay were, & þaȝ þe glyt er ande golde glent vpon endeȝ, "but to save himself when it behoved him to suffer." 2040 bot forto sau en hy m -self, when suffer hy m by-houed, to byde bale w i t h -oute dabate, of bronde hy m to were, oþ er knyffe; bi þat þe bolde mon bou n , 2044 wy n neȝ þeroute bilyue, all the renowned assembly he thanks full oft. alle þe meyny of renou n , he þonkkeȝ ofte ful ryue. 1 v er tuo us (?). iii. [fol. 118 b .] then was gringolet arrayed, the n ne watȝ gryngolet grayþe, þat gret watȝ & huge, 2048 & hade ben soio ur ned sau er ly, & i n a siker wyse, full ready to prick on. hy m lyst prik for poy n t, þat proude hors þe n ne; þe wyȝe wy n neȝ hy m to, & wyteȝ on his lyre, & sayde soberly hy m -self, & by his soth swereȝ, 2052 "here is a meyny i n þis mote, þat on menske þenkkeȝ, gawayne returns thanks for the honour and kindness shown to him by all. þe mon hem maynteines, ioy mot þay haue; þe leue lady, on lyue luf hir bityde; ȝif þay for charyté cherysen a gest, 2056 & halden hono ur i n her honde, þe haþel he m ȝelde, þat haldeȝ þe heuen vpon hyȝe, & also yow alle! & ȝif i myȝt lyf vpon londe lede any quyle, i schuld rech yow su m rewarde redyly, if i myȝt." he then steps into his saddle, 2060 þe n n steppeȝ he i n -to stirop, & strydeȝ alofte; his schalk schewed hy m his schelde, on schulder he hit laȝt, gordeȝ to gryngolet, w i t h his gilt heleȝ, and "starts on the stone" without more delay. & he starteȝ on þe ston, stod he no lenger, 2064 to prau n ce; his haþel on hors watȝ þe n ne, þat bere his spere & lau n ce. "this castle to christ i commend; may he give it ever good chance!" "þis kastel to kryst i ke n ne, 2068 he gef hit ay god chau n ce!" iv. the gates are soon opened. the brygge watȝ brayde dou n , & þe brode ȝateȝ vnbarred, & born open, vpon boþe halue; the knight passes thereout, þe burne blessed hy m bilyue, & þe bredeȝ passed; 2072 prayses þe porter, bifore þe prynce kneled, gef hym god & goud day, þat gawayn he saue; and goes on his way accompanied by his guide. & went on his way, w i t h his wyȝe one, þat schulde teche hy m to to ur ne to þat tene place, 2076 þer þe ruful race he schulde re-sayue. þay boȝen bi bonkkeȝ, þ er boȝeȝ ar bare, they climb by cliffs, þay clomben bi clyffeȝ, þer clengeȝ þe colde; þe heuen watȝ vp halt, bot vgly þer vnder, 2080 mist muged on þe mor, malt on þe mou n teȝ, where each "hill had a hat and a mist-cloak," vch hille hade a hatte, a myst-hakel huge; brokeȝ byled, & breke, bi bonkkeȝ aboute, schyre schat er ande on schoreȝ, þ er þay dou n schowued. [fol. 119.] 2084 welawylle watȝ þe way, þer þay bi wod schulden, until daylight. til hit watȝ sone sesou n , þat þe su n ne ryses, þat tyde; they were then on a "hill full high." þay were on a hille ful hyȝe, 2088 þe quyte snaw lay bisyde; the servant bade his master abide, saying, þe burne þat rod hy m by bede his mayster abide. v. "i have brought you hither, "for i haf wo n nen yow hider, wyȝe, at þis tyme, 2092 & now nar ȝe not fer fro þat note place, ye are not now far from the noted place. þat ȝe han spied & spuryed so specially aft er ; bot i schal say yow for soþe, syþen i yow knowe, & ȝe ar a lede vpon lyue, þat i wel louy, 2096 wolde ȝe worch bi my wytte, ȝe worþed þe bett er . full perilous is it esteemed. þe place þat ȝe prece to, ful perelo us is halden; the lord of that 'waste' is stiff and stern. þer woneȝ a wyȝe i n þat waste, þe worst vpon erþe; for he is stiffe, & sturne, & to strike louies, 2100 & more he is þe n any mon vpon myddelerde, his body is bigger 'than the best four in arthur's house.' & his body bigger þe n þe best fowre. þat ar i n arþureȝ ho us , hestor 1 oþ er oþ er . he cheueȝ þat chau n ce at þe chapel grene; none passes by the green chapel, 'that he does not ding to death with dint of his hand.' 2104 þer passes non bi þat place, so proude i n his armes, þat he ne dy n neȝ hy m to deþe, w i t h dynt of his honde; for he is a mon methles, & mercy non vses, for be it churl or chaplain, monk, mass-priest, 'or any man else,' he kills them all. for he hit chorle, oþ er chaplayn, þat bi þe chapel rydes, 2108 monk, oþ er masse-prest, oþ er any mon elles, h ym þynk as queme hy m to quelle, as quyk go hy m seluen. for-þy i say þe as soþe as ȝe i n sadel sitte, com ȝe þere, ȝe be kylled, [i] may þe knyȝt rede, 2112 trawe ȝe me þat trwely, þaȝ ȝe had twenty lyues to spende; he has lived there full long. he hatȝ wonyd here ful ȝore, on bent much baret bende, against his dints sore ye may not defend you. 2116 aȝayn his dynteȝ sore, ȝe may not yow defende." 1 hector (?). vi. wherefore, good sir gawayne, let this man alone. "for-þy, goude s ir gawayn, let þe gome one, & gotȝ a-way su m oþ er gate; vpon goddeȝ halue; go by some other region, 2120 cayreȝ bi su m oþ er kyth, þer kryst mot yow spede; & i schal hyȝ me hom aȝayn, & hete yow fyrre, [fol. 119 b .] i swear by god and all his saints, that i will never say that ever ye attempted to flee from any man." þat i schal swere bi god, & alle his gode halȝeȝ, as help me god & þe halydam, & oþeȝ i n -nogh e , 2124 þat i schal lelly yow layne, & lance neu er tale, þat eu er ȝe fondet to fle, for freke þat i wyst." "g ra nt m er ci;" q uod gawayn, & gruchy ng he sayde, "wel worth þe wyȝe, þat woldeȝ my gode, 2128 & þat lelly me layne, i leue wel þ o u woldeȝ! gawayne replies that to shun this danger would mark him as a "coward knight." bot helde þ o u hit neu er so holde, & i here passed, fou n ded for ferde for to fle, i n fo ur me þat þ o u telleȝ, i were a knyȝt kowarde, i myȝt not 1 be excused. to the chapel, therefore, he will go, 2132 bot i wy1 to þe chape1, for chau n ce þat may falle, & talk wyth þat ilk tulk þe tale þat me lyste, worþe hit wele, oþ er wo, as þe wyrde lykeȝ hit hafe; though the owner thereof were a stern knave. 2136 þaȝe he be a sturn knape, to stiȝtel, & 2 stad w i t h staue, "full well can god devise his servants for to save." ful wel con dryȝtyn schape, his seruau n teȝ forto saue." 1 mot, in ms. 2 & &, in ms. vii. "mary!" quoth the other, "since it pleases thee to lose thy life, 2140 "mary!" q uod þat oþ er mon, "now þ o u so much spelleȝ, þat þ o u wylt þyn awen nye nyme to þy-seluen, & þe lyst lese þy lyf, þe lette i ne kepe; take thy helmet on thy head, and thy spear in thy hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, haf here þi helme on þy hede, þi spere i n þi honde, 2144 & ryde me dou n þis ilk rake, bi ȝon rokke syde, till thou come to the bottom of the valley; til þ o u be broȝt to þe boþem of þe brem valay; look a little to the left, þe n ne loke a littel on þe lau n de, on þi lyfte honde, and thou shalt see the chapel itself and the man that guards it." & þ o u schal se i n þat slade þe self chapel, 2148 & þe borelych burne on bent, þat hit kepeȝ. now fareȝ wel on godeȝ half, gawayn þe noble, for alle þe golde vpon grou n de i nolde go with þe, ne bere þe felaȝschip þurȝ þis fryth on fote fyrre." having thus spoken the guide takes leave of the knight. 2152 bi þat þe wyȝe i n þe wod wendeȝ his brydel, hit þe hors w i t h þe heleȝ, as harde as he myȝt, lepeȝ hy m ou er þe lau n de, & leueȝ þe knyȝt þere, al one. "by god's self," says sir gawayne, "i will neither weep nor groan. 2156 "bi goddeȝ self," q uod gawayn, "i wyl nauþ er grete ne grone, to god's will i am full ready." to goddeȝ wylle i am ful bayn, & to hy m i haf me tone." viii. [fol. 120.] then he pursues his journey, 2160 the n ne gyrdeȝ he to gryngolet, & gedereȝ þe rake, schowueȝ i n bi a schore, at a schaȝe syde, rides through the dale, and looks about. rideȝ þurȝ þe roȝe bonk, ryȝt to þe dale; & þe n ne he wayted hy m aboute, & wylde hit hy m þoȝt, he sees no sign of a resting-place, but only high and steep banks. 2164 & seȝe no sy n gne of resette, bisydeȝ nowhere, bot hyȝe bonkkeȝ & brent, vpon boþe halue, & ruȝe knokled knarreȝ, w i t h knorned stoneȝ; þe skweȝ of þe scowtes skayued 1 hy m þoȝt. 2168 þe n ne he houed, & wyth-hylde his hors at þat tyde, & ofte chau n ged his cher, þe chapel to seche; no chapel could he discern. he seȝ non suche i n no syde, & selly hy m þoȝt, sone a lyttel on a lau n de, a lawe as hit we[re]; at last he sees a hill by the side of a stream; 2172 a balȝ berȝ, bi a bonke, þe bry m me by-syde, bi a forȝ of a flode, þ a t ferked þare; þe borne blubred þer-i n ne, as hit boyled hade. thither he goes, þe knyȝt kacheȝ his caple, & com to þe lawe, alights and fastens his horse to a branch of a tree. 2176 liȝteȝ dou n luflyly, & at a lynde tacheȝ þe rayne, & his riche, with a roȝe brau n che; he walks around the hill, debating with himself what it might be, þe n [n]e he boȝeȝ to þe berȝe, aboute hit he walke, d[e]batande w i th hy m -self, quat hit be myȝt. 2180 hit hade a hole on þe ende, & on ayþer syde, & ou er -growen w i t h gresse i n glodes ay where, & al watȝ holȝ i n -w i t h , nobot an olde caue, and at last finds an old cave in the crag. or a creuisse of an olde cragge, he couþe hit noȝt deme 2184 w i t h spelle, "we, 2 lorde," q uod þe gentyle knyȝt, "wheþer þis be þe grene chapelle; he prays that about midnight he may tell his matins. he myȝt aboute myd-nyȝt, 2188 [þ]e dele his maty n nes telle!" 1 skayned (?). 2 wel (?). ix. "truly," says sir gawayne, "a desert is here, "now i-wysse," q uod wowayn, "wysty is here; þis oritore is vgly, w i t h erbeȝ ou er -growen; a fitting place for the man in green to 'deal here his devotions in devil fashion.' wel bisemeȝ þe wyȝe wruxled i n grene 2192 dele here his deuociou n , on þe deueleȝ wyse; now i fele hit is þe fende, i n my fyue wytteȝ, þat hatȝ stoken me þis steuen, to strye me here; it is most cursed kirk that ever i entered." þis is a chapel of meschau n ce, þat chekke hit by-tyde, 2196 hit is þe corsedest kyrk, þat eu er i com i n ne!" [fol. 120 b .] with heȝe helme on his hede, his lau n ce i n his honde, roaming about he hears a loud noise, he romeȝ vp to þe rokke of þo roȝ woneȝ; þene herde he of þat hyȝe hil, i n a harde roche, from beyond the brook. 2200 biȝonde þe broke, i n a bonk, a wonder breme noyse, it clattered like the grinding of a scythe on a grindstone. quat! hit clat er ed i n þe clyff, as hit cleue schulde, as one vpon a gryndelston hade grou n den a syþe; it whirred like a mill-stream. what! hit wharred, & whette, as wat er at a mulne, 2204 what! hit rusched, & ronge, rawþe to here. þe n ne "bi godde," q uod gawayn, "þat gere as 1 i trowe, is ryched at þe reu er ence, me renk to mete, bi rote; 2208 let god worche we loo, "though my life i forgo," says the knight, "no noise shall terrify me." hit helppeȝ me not a mote, my lif þaȝ i for-goo, drede dotȝ me no lote." 1 at, in ms. x. then cried he aloud, 2212 the n ne þe knyȝt con calle ful hyȝe, "who dwells here discourse with me to hold?" "who stiȝtleȝ i n þis sted, me steuen to holde? now is the good gawayne going aright for now is gode gawayn goande ryȝt here, if any wyȝe oȝt wyl wy n ne hider fast, 2216 oþ er now, oþ er neu er , his nedeȝ to spede." he hears a voice commanding him to abide where he is. "abyde," q uod on on þe bonke, abouen ou er his hede, "& þ o u schal haf al i n hast, þat i þe hyȝt ones." ȝet he rusched on þat rurde, rapely a þrowe, 2220 & wyth quetty n g a-wharf, er he wolde lyȝt; soon there comes out of a hole, with a fell weapon, & syþen he keu er eȝ bi a cragge, & comeȝ of a hole, whyrlande out of a wro, wyth a felle weppen, a danish axe, quite new, a deneȝ ax nwe dyȝt, þe dynt w i t h [t]o ȝelde 2224 w i t h a borelych bytte, bende by þe halme, fyled i n a fylor, fowre fote large, hit watȝ no lasse, bi þat lace þat lemed ful bryȝt. the "knight in green," clothed as before. & þe gome i n þe erene gered as fyrst, 2228 boþe þe lyre & þe leggeȝ, lokkeȝ, & berde, saue þat fayre on his fote he fou n deȝ on þe erþe, sette þe stele to þe stone, & stalked bysyde. when he reaches the stream, he hops over and strides about. when he wan to þe watter, þer he wade nolde, 2232 he hypped ou er on hys ax, & orpedly strydeȝ, bremly broþe on a bent, þat brode watȝ a-boute, on snawe. [fol. 121.] he meets sir gawayne without obeisance. s ir gawayn þe knyȝt con mete. 2236 he ne lutte hy m no þy n g lowe, the other tells him that he is now ready for conversation þat oþ er sayde, "now, s ir swete, of steuen mon may þe trowe." xi. "god preserve thee!" says the green knight, "gawayn," q uod þat grene gome, "god þe mot loke! 2240 i-wysse þ o u art welcom, 1 wyȝe, to my place, "as a true knight 'thou hast timed thy travel' & þ o u hatȝ tymed þi trauayl as t ru e 2 mo n schulde; thou knowest the covenant between us, & þ o u knoweȝ þe couenau n teȝ kest v us by-twene, at þis tyme twelmonyth þ o u toke þ a t þe falled, that on new year's day i should return thy blow 2244 & i schulde at þis nwe ȝere ȝeply þe quyte. here we are alone, & we ar i n þis valay, v er ayly oure one, here ar no renkes vs to rydde, rele as v us likeȝ; have off thy helmet and take thy pay at once." haf þy 3 helme of þy hede, & haf here þy pay; 2248 busk no more debate þ en i þe bede þe n ne, "when þ o u wypped of my hede at a wap one." "by god," quoth sir gawayne, "i shall not begrudge thee thy will." "nay, bi god," q uod gawayn, "þ a t me gost lante, i schal gruch þe no grwe, for grem þat falleȝ; 2252 botstyȝtel þe vpon on strok, & i schal stonde stylle, & warp þe no werny n g, to worch as þe lykeȝ, no whare." then he shows his bare neck, he lened w i t h þe nek, & lutte, 2256 & schewed þat schyre al bare, & lette as he noȝt dutte, and appears undaunted. for drede he wolde not dare. 1 welcon, in ms. 2 t ru ee in ms. 3 ms. þy þy. xii. then the man in green seizes his grim tool. the n þe gome i n þe grene grayþed hy m swyþe, 2260 gedereȝ yp hys gry m me tole, gawayn to smyte; with all his force he raises it aloft. w i t h alle þe bur i n his body he ber hit on lofte, mu n t as maȝtyly, as marre hy m he wolde; hade hit dryuen adou n , as dreȝ as he atled, 2264 þer hade ben ded of his dynt, þat doȝty watȝ eu er . bot gawayn on þat giserne glyfte hy m bysyde, as it came gliding down, as hit com glydande adou n , on glode hy m to schende, sir gawayne shrank a little with his shoulders. & schranke a lytel w i t h þe schulderes, for þe scharp yrne. 2268 þat oþ er schalk wyth a schu n t þe schene wythhaldeȝ, the other reproved him, saying, & þe n ne repreued he þe prynce w i t h mony prowde wordeȝ: "thou art not gawayne that is so good esteemed, "þ o u art not gawayn," q uod þe gome, "þ a t is so goud halden, þat neu er arȝed for no here, by hylle ne be vale, [fol. 121 b .] for thou fleest for fear before thou feelest harm. 2272 & now þ o u fles for ferde, er þ o u fele harmeȝ; such cowardise of þat knyȝt cowþe i neu er here. i never flinched when thou struckest. nawþ er fyked i, ne flaȝe, freke, quen þ o u myntest, ne kest no kauelac i on, in ky n geȝ ho us arthor, my head flew to my foot, yet i never fled, 2276 my hede flaȝ to my fote, & ȝet flaȝ i neu er ; & þ o u, er any harme hent, arȝeȝ i n hert, wherefore i ought to be called the better man." wherfore þe better burne me burde be called þ e r-fore." "i shunted once," says gawayne, "but will no more. 2280 q uod g:, "i schu n t oneȝ, & so wyl i no more, bot paȝ my hede falle on þe stoneȝ, i con not hit restore. xiii. bring me to the point; deal me my destiny at once." 2284 bot busk, burne, bi þi fayth, & bry n g me to þe poy n t, dele to me my destiné, & do hit out of honde, for i schal stonde þe a strok, & start no more, til þy n ax haue me hitte, haf here my trawþe." "have at thee, then," says the other. 2288 "haf at þe þe n ne," q uod þ a t oþ er , & heueȝ hit alofte, & wayteȝ as wroþely, as he wode were; with that he aims at him a blow. he mynteȝ at hy m maȝtyly, bot not þe mon ryueȝ, 1 with-helde het er ly h[i]s honde, er hit hurt myȝt. gawayne never flinches, but stands as still as a stone. 2292 gawayn grayþely hit bydeȝ, & glent w i t h no membre, bot stode stylle as þe ston, oþ er a stubbe auþer, þat raþeled is i n roche grou n de, w i t h roteȝ a hundreth. þe n muryly efte con he mele, þe mon i n þe grene, "now," says the green knight, "i must hit thee, since thy heart is whole." 2296 "so now þ o u hatȝ þi hert holle, hitte me bihou[e]s; halde þe now þe hyȝe hode, þat arþur þe raȝt, & kepe þy kanel at þis kest, ȝif hit keu er may." g: ful gryndelly w i t h greme þe n ne sayde, "thrash on," says the other. 2300 "wy þresch on, þ o u þro mon, þ o u þreteȝ to longe, i hope þat þi hert arȝe wyth þyn awen seluen." "for soþe," q uod þat oþ er freke, "so felly þ o u spekeȝ, i wyl no leng er on lyte lette þin ernde, 2304 riȝt nowe." then the green knight makes ready to strike. þe n ne tas he 2 hy m stryþe to stryke, & frou n ses boþe lyppe & browe, no meruayle þaȝ hy m myslyke, 2308 þat hoped of no rescowe. 1 ? ryneȝ = touches. 2 he he, in ms. xiv. he let fall his loom on the bare he lyftes lyȝtly his lome, & let hit dou n fayre, [fol. 122.] neck of sir gawayne. w i t h þe barbe of þe bitte bi þe bare nek þaȝ he homered het er ly, hurt hy m no more, 2312 bot snyrt hy m on þat on syde, þat seu er ed þe hyde; the sharp weapon pierced the flesh so that the blood flowed. þe scharp schrank to þe flesche þurȝ þe schyre grece, þat þe schene blod ov er his schulderes schot to þe erþe. when the knight saw the blood on the snow, & quen þe burne seȝ þe blode blenk on þe snawe, 2316 he sprit forth spe n ne fote more þe n a spere lenþe, hent het er ly his helme, & on his hed cast, schot wit h his schuldereȝ his fayre schelde vnder, he unsheathed his sword, and thus spake: braydeȝ out a bryȝt sworde, & bremely he spekeȝ; 2320 neu er syn þat he watȝ burne borne of his moder, watȝ he neu er i n þis worlde, wyȝe half so blyþe:— "cease, man, of thy blow. "bly n ne, burne, of þy bur, bede me no mo; i haf a stroke i n þis sted w i t h -oute stryf hent, if thou givest me any more, readily shall i requite thee. 2324 & if þow recheȝ me any mo, i redyly schal quyte, & ȝelde ȝederly aȝayn, & þ er to ȝe tryst, & foo; our agreement stipulates only one stroke." bot on stroke here me falleȝ, 2328 þe couenau n t schop ryȝt so, [sikered] 1 in arþureȝ halleȝ, & þer-fore, hende, now hoo!" 1 illegible. xv. the green knight rested on his axe, the haþel heldet hy m fro, & on his ax rested, 2332 sette þe schaft vpon schore, & to be scharp lened, looked on sir gawayne, who appeared bold and fearless, & loked to þe leude, þat on þe launde ȝede, how þat doȝty dredles deruely þer stondeȝ, armed ful aȝleȝ; i n hert hit hy m lykeȝ. 2336 þe n n he meleȝ muryly, wyth a much steuen, and addressed him as follows: "bold knight, be not so wroth, & wyth a r[a]ykande rurde he to þe renk sayde, "bolde burne, on þis bent be not so gryndel; no mon here vn-man er ly þe mys-boden habbe, 2340 ne kyd, bot as couenau n de, at ky n geȝ kort schaped; i promised thee a stroke and thou hast it, be satisfied. i hyȝt þe a strok, & þ o u hit hatȝ, halde þe wel payed, i relece þe of þe remnau n t, of ryȝtes alle oþ er ; ȝif 1 i deliuer had bene, a boffet, parau n t e r, i could have dealt worse with thee. 2344 i couþe wroþeloker haf waret, [&] to þe haf wroȝt ang er . 2 fyrst i mansed þe muryly, w i t h a mynt one, i menaced thee with one blow for the covenant & roue þe wyth no rof, sore w i t h ryȝt i þe p ro fered, [fol. 122 b .] between us on the first night. for þe forwarde that we fest i n þe fyrst nyȝt, 2348 & þ o u trystyly þe trawþe & trwly me haldeȝ, al þe gayne þow me gef, as god mon shulde; another i aimed at thee because thou kissedst my wife. þat oþ er mu n t for þe morne, mon, i þe profered, þ o u kyssedes my clere wyf, þe cosseȝ me raȝteȝ, 2352 for boþe two here i þe bede bot two bare myntes, boute scaþe; a true man should restore truly, and then he need fear no harm. trwe mon trwe restore, þe n ne þar mo n drede no waþe; thou failedst at the third time, and therefore take thee that tap. (see l. 1861.) 2356 at þe þrid þ o u fayled þore, & þ er -for þat tappe ta þe. 1 uf, in ms. 2 this word is doubtful. xvi. for my weed (woven by my wife) thou wearest. for hit is my wede þat þ o u wereȝ, þ a t ilke wouen girdel, myn owen wyf hit þe weued, i wot wel forsoþe; i know thy kisses and my wife's wooing. 2360 now know i wel þy cosses, & þy costes als, & þe wowy n g of my wyf, i wroȝt hit myseluen; i sent her to try thee, and faultless i found thee. i sende hir to asay þe, & sothly me þynkkeȝ, on þe fautlest freke, þat eu er on fote ȝede; 2364 as perle bi þe quite pese is of prys more, so is gawayn, i n god fayth, bi oþ er gay knyȝteȝ. but yet thou sinnedst a little, bot here you lakked a lyttel, s ir , & lewte yow wonted, bot þat watȝ for no wylyde werke, ne wowy n g nauþ er , for love of thy life." 2368 bot for ȝe lufed yo ur lyf, þe lasse i yow blame." þat oþ er stif mon i n study stod a gret whyle; so agreued for greme he gryed w i t h -i n ne, gawayne stands confounded. alle þe blode of his brest blende i n his face, 2372 þat al he schrank for schome, þat þe schalk talked. þe forme worde vpon folde, þat þe freke meled,— "cursed," he says, "be cowardice and covetousness both!" "corsed worth cowarddyse & couetyse boþe! i n yow is vylany & vyse, þat v er tue disstryeȝ." then he takes off the girdle and throws it to the knight. 2376 þe n ne he kaȝt to þe knot, & þe kest lawseȝ, brayde broþely þe belt to þe burne seluen: "lo! þer þe falssy n g, foule mot hit falle! he curses his cowardice, for care of þy knokke cowardyse me taȝt 2380 to a-corde me w i t h couetyse, my kynde to for-sake, þat is larges & lewte, þat longeȝ to knyȝteȝ. and confesses himself to have been guilty of untruth. now am i fawty, & falce, & ferde haf ben eu er ; of trecherye & vn-trawþe boþe bityde sorȝe 2384 & care! [fol. 123.] i bi-knowe yow, knyȝt, here stylle, al fawty is my fare, leteȝ me ou er -take yo ur wylle, 2388 & efle i schal be ware." xvii. then the other, laughing, thus spoke: the n ne loȝe þat oþ er leude, & luflyly sayde, "i halde hit hardily 1 hole, þe harme þat i hade; "thou art confessed so clean, þ o u art confessed so clene, be-knowen of þy mysses, 2392 & hatȝ þe penau n ce apert, of þe poy n t of myn egge, that i hold thee as pure as if thou hadst never been guilty. i halde þe polysed of þat plyȝt, & pured as clene, as þ o u hadeȝ neu er forfeted, syþe n þ o u watȝ fyrst borne. i give thee, sir, the gold-hemmed girdle, & i gif þe, s ir , þe gurdel þat is golde he m med; 2396 for hit is grene as my goune, s ir g:, ȝe maye þenk vpon þis ilke þrepe, þ er þ o u forth þry n geȝ amo n g prynces of prys, & þis a pure token as a token of thy adventure at the green chapel. of þe chau n ce of þe grene chapel, at cheualro us knyȝteȝ; come again to my abode, and abide there for the remainder of the festival." 2400 & ȝe schal i n þis nwe ȝer aȝayn to my woneȝ, & we schy n reuel þe remnau n t of þis ryche fest, ful bene." þer laþed hy m fast þe lorde, 2404 & sayde, "w i t h my wyf, i wene, we schal yow wel acorde, þat watȝ yo ur enmy kene." 1 hardilyly, in ms. xviii. "nay, forsooth," says gawayne, "nay, for soþe," q uod þe segge, & sesed hys helme, 2408 & hatȝ hit of hendely, & þe haþel þonkkeȝ, "i have sojourned sadly, but bliss betide thee! "i haf soiorned sadly, sele yow bytyde, & he ȝelde hit yow ȝare, þat ȝarkkeȝ al me n skes! commend me to your comely wife and that other lady who have beguiled me. & comau n deȝ me to þat cortays, yo ur comlych fere, 2412 boþe þat on & þat oþ er , myn hono ur ed ladyeȝ. þat þ us hor knyȝt wyth hor kest han koy n tly bigyled. but it is no marvel for a man to be brought to grief through a woman's wiles. bot hit is no ferly, þaȝ a fole madde, & þurȝ wyles of wy m men be wonen to sorȝe; adam, solomon, samson, and david were beguiled by women. 2416 for so watȝ adam i n erde w i t h one bygyled, & salamon w i t h fele sere, & samson eft soneȝ, dalyda dalt hy m hys wyrde, & dauyth þer-aft er watȝ blended w i t h barsabe, þat much bale þoled. how could a man love them and believe them not? 2420 now þese were wrathed wyth her wyles, h i t were a wy n ne huge, to luf hom wel, & leue hem not, a leude þat couþe, [fol. 123 b .] for þes wer forne 1 þe freest þat folȝed alle þe sele, ex-ellently of alle þyse oþ er , vnder heuen-ryche, 2424 þat mused; & alle þay were bi-wyled, with 2 wy m men þat þay vsed, though i be now beguiled, methinks i should be excused. þaȝ i be now bigyled, 2428 me þink me burde be excused." 1 forme (?) 2 with wyth, in ms. xix. but god reward you for your girdle. "bot yo ur gordel," q uod g: "god yow for-ȝelde! þat wyl i welde wyth good wylle, not for þe wy n ne golde, ne þe saynt, ne þe sylk, ne þe syde pendau n des, 2432 for wele, ne for worchyp, ne for þe wlonk werkkeȝ, i will wear it in remembrance of my fault. bot i n sy n gne of my surfet i schal se hit ofte; when i ride i n renou n , remorde to myseluen þe faut & þe fayntyse of þe flesche crabbed, 2436 how tender hit is to entyse teches of fylþe; and when pride shall prick me, & þ us , quen pryde schal me pryk, for prowes of armes, a look to this lace shall abate it. þe loke to þis luf lace schal leþe my hert. bot on i wolde yow pray, displeses yow neu er ; 2440 syn ȝe be lorde of þe ȝonde[r] londe, þ er i haf lent i n ne, wyth yow wyth worschyp,—þe wyȝe hit yow ȝelde þat vp-haldeȝ þe heu en , & on hyȝ sitteȝ,— but tell me your right name and i shall have done." how norne ȝe yowre ryȝt nome, & þe n ne no more?" 2444 "þat schal i telle þe trwly," q uod þ a t oþ er þe n ne, the green knight replies, "i am called bernlak de hautdesert, through might of morgain la fey, the pupil of merlin. "bernlak de hautdesert i hat i n þis londe, þurȝ myȝt of morgne la faye, þat i n my ho us lenges, & 1 koyntyse of clergye, bi craftes wel lerned, 2448 þe maystres of m er lyn, mony ho 2 taken; for ho hatȝ dalt drwry ful dere su m tyme, with þat conable klerk, þat knowes alle yo ur knyȝteȝ at hame; 2452 morgne þe goddes, þer-fore hit is hir name; she can tame even the haughtiest. weldeȝ non so hyȝe hawtesse, þat ho ne con make ful tame. 1 in (?). 2 ho hatȝ (?). xx. it was she who caused me to test the renown of the round table, 2456 ho wayned me vpon þis wyse to yo ur wy n ne halle, for to assay þe surquidre, ȝif hit soth were, þat re n nes of þe grete renou n of þe rou n de table; ho wayned me þis wonder, yo ur wytteȝ to reue, [fol. 124.] hoping to grieve guenever and cause her death through fear. 2460 for to haf greued gayno ur , & gart hir to dyȝe. w i t h gopny n g 1 of þat ilke gomen, þat gostlych speked, w i t h his hede i n his honde, bifore þe hyȝe table. þat is ho þat is at home, þe au n cian lady; she is even thine aunt. 2464 ho is euen þyn au n t, arþureȝ half suster, þe duches doȝter of tyntagelle, þat dere vt er aft er therefore come to her and make merry in my house." hade arþur vpon, þat aþel is nowþe. þerfore i eþe þe, haþel, to com to þy nau n t, 2468 make myry i n my ho us , my meny þe louies, & i wol þe as wel, wyȝe, bi my faythe, as any gome vnder god, for þy grete trauþe." gawayne refuses to return with the green knight. & he nikked hy m naye, he nolde bi no wayes; 2472 þay acolen & kyssen, [bikennen] ayþer oþ er to þe prynce of paradise, & parten ryȝt þere, on coolde; on horse full fair he bends to arthur's hall. gawayn on blonk ful bene, 2476 to þe ky n geȝ burȝ buskeȝ bolde, & þe knyȝt i n þe enker grene, whider-warde so eu er he wolde. 1 glopnyng (?). xxi. wild ways now gawayne rides. wylde wayeȝ i n þe worlde wowen now rydeȝ, 2480 on gryngolet, þat þe g ra ce hade geten of his lyue; oft he harboured in house and oft thereout. ofte he herbered i n house, & ofte al þeroute, & mony a-venture i n vale, & venquyst ofte, þat i ne tyȝt, at þis tyme, i n tale to remene. the wound in his neck became whole. 2484 þe hurt watȝ hole, þat he hade hent i n his nek, he still carried about him the belt, & þe blykkande belt he bere þeraboute, a belef as a bauderyk, bou n den bi his syde, loken vnder his lyfte arme, þe lace, w i t h a knot, in token of his fault. 2488 i n tokeny n g he watȝ tane i n tech of a faute; thus he comes to the court of king arthur. & þ us he co m mes to þe co u rt, knyȝt al i n sou n de. great then was the joy of all. þer wakned wele i n þat wone, when wyst þe grete, þat gode g: watȝ co m men, gayn hit hym þoȝt; the king and his knights ask him concerning his journey. 2492 þe ky n g kysseȝ þe knyȝt, & þe whene alce, & syþen mony syker knyȝt, þat soȝt hy m to haylce, gawayne tells them of his adventures, of his fare þat hy m frayned, & ferlyly he telles; biknowoȝ alle þe costes of care þat he hade,— 2496 þe chau n ce of þe chapel, þe chere of þe knyȝt, [fol. 124 b .] the love of the lady, and lastly of the lace. þe luf of þe ladi, þe lace at þe last. þe nirt i n þe nek he naked hem schewed, he showed them the cut in his neck. þat he laȝt for his vnleute at þe leudes hondes, 2500 for blame; he tened quen he schulde telle, he groaned for grief and shame, and the blood rushed into his face. he groned for gref & grame; þe blod i n his face con melle, 2504 when he hit schulde schewe, for schame. xxii. "lo!" says he, handling the lace, "this is the band of blame, "lo! lorde," q uod þe leude, & þe lace hondeled, "þis is þe bende of þis blame i bere [in] my nek, þis is þe laþe & þe losse, þat i laȝt haue, a token of my cowardice and covetousness, 2508 of couardise & couetyse, þat i haf caȝt þare, þis is þe token of vn-trawþe, þat i am tan i n ne, i must needs wear it as long as i live." & i mot nedeȝ hit were, wyle i may last; for non may hyden his harme, bot vnhap ne may hit, 2512 for þ er hit oneȝ is tachched, twy n ne wil hit neu er ." the king comforts the knight, and all the court too. þe ky n g comforteȝ þe knyȝt, & alle þe co u rt als, laȝen loude þ er -at, & luflyly acorden, þat lordes & ladis, þ a t longed to þe table, each knight of the brotherhood agrees to wear a bright green belt, 2516 vche burne of þe broþ er -hede a bauderyk schulde haue, a bende, a belef hy m aboute, of a bryȝt grene, for gawayne's sake, & þat, for sake of þat segge, i n swete to were. for þat watȝ acorded þe renou n of þe rou n de table, who ever more honoured it. 2520 & he hono ur ed þat hit hade, eu er -more aft er , as hit is breued i n þe best boke of romau n ce. thus in arthur's day this adventure befell. þ us i n arthur us day þis au n t er bitidde, þe brut us boke es þ er -of beres wyttenesse; 2524 syþ en brut us , þe bolde burne, boȝed hider fyrst, aft er þe segge & þe asaute watȝ sesed at troye, i-wysse; mony au n t er eȝ here bi-forne, 2528 haf fallen suche er þis: he that bore the crown of thorns bring us to his bliss! now þat bere þe crou n of þorne, he bry n g v us to his blysse! amen. notes. line 8 ricchis turns, goes, the king ... ricchis his reynys and the renke metys: girden to gedur with þere grete speires.—t.b. l. 1232. 37 þis kyng lay at camylot vpon kryst-masse . camalot , in malory's "morte arthure," is said to be the same as winchester. ritson supposes it to be caer-went , in monmouthshire, and afterwards confounded with caer-wynt , or winchester . but popular tradition here seems the best guide, which assigned the site of camalot to the ruins of a castle on a hill, near the church of south cadbury, in somersetshire (sir f. madden). 65 nowel nayted o-newe, neuened ful ofte . christmas celebrated anew, mentioned full often. sir f. madden leaves the word nayted unexplained in his glossary to "syr gawayne." 124 syluener = sylueren , i.e. silver dishes. 139 lyndes = lendes , loins. 142 in his muckel , in his greatness. 184 watȝ euesed al umbe-torne—? was trimmed, all cut evenly around; umbe-torne may be an error for vmbe-corue = cut round. 216 in gracios werkes . sir f. madden reads gracons for gracios , and suggests greek as the meaning of it. 244-5 as al were slypped vpon slepe so slaked hor loteȝ in hyȝe . as all were fallen asleep so ceased their words in haste (suddenly). sir f. madden reads slaked horloteȝ , instead of slaked hor loteȝ , which, according to his glossary, signifies drunken vagabonds. he evidently takes horloteȝ to be another (and a very uncommon) form of harloteȝ = harlots . but harlot , or vagabond, would be a very inappropriate term to apply to the noble knights of the round table . moreover, slaked never, i think, means drunken. the general sense of the verb slake is to let loose, lessen, cease. cf. lines 411-2, where sloke , another form of slake , occurs with a similar meaning: — layt no fyrre; bot slokes . — seek no further, but stop (cease). sir f. madden suggests blows as the explanation of slokes . it is, however, a verb in the imperative mood. 286 brayn . mätzner suggests brayn-wod . 296 barlay = par loi. this word is exceedingly common in the t. book (see l. 3391). i bid you now, barlay , with besines at all þat ye set you most soverainly my suster to gete.—t.b. l. 2780. 394 siker . sir f. madden reads swer . 440 bluk . sir f. madden suggests blunk (horse). i am inclined to keep to the reading of the ms., and explain bluk as = bulk = trunk. cf. the use of the word blok in "early english alliterative poems," p. 100, l. 272. 558 derue doel , etc. = great grief. sir f. madden reads derne , i.e. secret, instead of derue (= derf ). cf. line 564. 577 knaged , fastened. the braunches were borly, sum of bright gold, with leuys full luffly, light of the same; with burions aboue bright to beholde; and fruit on yt fourmyt of fairest of shap, of mony kynd that was knyt, knagged aboue.—t.b. l. 4973. 629 & ay quere hit is endeleȝ , etc. and everywhere it is endless , etc. sir f. madden reads emdeleȝ , i.e. with equal sides. 652 for-be = for-bi = surpassing, beyond. 681 for hadet read halet = haled = exiled (?). see line 1049. 806 auinant = auenaunt , pleasantly. sir f. madden reads amnant . 954 of . should we not read on (?). 957 þat oþer wyth a gorger watȝ gered ouer þe swyre . the gorger or wimple is stated first to have appeared in edward the first's reign, and an example is found on the monument of aveline, countess of lancaster, who died in 1269. from the poem, however, it would seem that the gorger was confined to elderly ladies (sir f. madden) 968 more lykker-wys on to lyk, watȝ þat scho had on lode. a more pleasant one to like, was that (one) she had under her control. 988 tayt = lively, and hence pleasant, agreeable. 1015 in vayres , in purity. 1020 dut = dunt (?) = dint (?), referring to sword-sports . 1022 sayn[t] ioneȝ day . this is the 27th of december, and the last of the feast. sometimes the christmas festivities were prolonged to new year's day (sir f. madden). 1047 derne dede = secret deed. i would prefer to read derue dede = great deed. cf. lines 558, 564. 1053 i wot in worlde , etc. = i not (i know not) in worlde , etc. 1054 i nolde, bot if i hit negh myȝt on nwȝeres morne, for alle þe londe in-wyth logres, etc. i would not [delay to set out], unless i might approach it on new year's morn, for all the lands within england, etc. 1074 in spenne = in space = in the interval = meanwhile. see line 1503. 1160 slentyng of arwes . sir f. madden reads sleutyng . "of drawyn swordis sclentyng to and fra, the brycht mettale, and othir armouris seir, quharon the sonnys blenkis betis cleir, glitteris and schane, and vnder bemys brycht, castis ane new twynklyng or a lemand lycht." (g. douglas' æneid, vol. i, p. 421.) 1281 let lyk = appeared pleased. 1283 þaȝ i were burde bryȝtest, þe burde in mynde hade , etc. the sense requires us to read: þaȝ ho were burde bryȝtest, þe burne in mynde hade , etc. i.e., though she were lady fairest, the knight in mind had, etc. 1440 long sythen [seuered] for þe sounder þat wiȝt for-olde long since separated from the sounder or herd that fierce (one) for-aged (grew very old). "now to speke of the boore, the fyrste year he is a pygge of the sounder callyd, as haue i blys; the secounde yere an hogge, and soo shall he be, and an hoggestere, whan he is of yeres thre; and when he is foure yere, a boor shall he be, from the sounder of the swyne thenne departyth he; a synguler is he soo, for alone he woll go." (book of st. alban's, ed. 1496, sig. d ., i.) 1476 totes = looks, toots. sho went up wightly by a walle syde. to the toppe of a toure and tot ouer the water.—t.b. l. 862. 1623 a verb [? lalede = cried] seems wanting after lorde . 1702 fnasted , breathed. these balfull bestes were, as the boke tellus, full flaumond of fyre with fnastyng of logh.—t.b. l. 168. 1710 a strothe rande = a rugged path. cf. the phrases tene greue , l. 1707; roȝe greue , l. 1898. 1729 bi lag = be-lagh (?) = below (?). 1719 thenne watȝ hit lif vpon list , etc. should we not read: thenne watȝ hit list vpon lif , etc. i.e., then was there joy in life, etc. 1780 lyf = lef (?), beloved (one). 1869 ho hatȝ kyst þe knyȝt so toȝt . she has kissed the knight so courteous . sir f. madden explains toȝt , promptly. toȝt seems to be the same as the northumbrian taght in the following extract from the "morte arthure": "there come in at the fyrste course, before the kyng seluene, bare hevedys that ware bryghte, burnyste with sylver, alle with taghte mene and towne in togers fulle ryche."—(p. 15.) the word towne (well-behaved) still exists in wan-ton , the original meaning of which was ill-mannered, ill-bred. 1909 bray houndeȝ = braþ houndeȝ , i.e. fierce hounds. 1995 he hatȝ nere þat he soȝt = he watȝ nere þat he soȝt = he was near to that which he sought. 2160 gedereȝ þe rake = takes the path or way. 2167 þe skweȝ of þe scowtes skayued hym þoȝt . the shadows of the hills appeared wild (desolate) to him. sir f. madden reads skayned , of which he gives no explanation. skayued = skayfed , seems to be the n. prov. english scafe , wild. scotch schaivie , wild, mad. o.n. skeifr . sw. skef , awry, distorted. 2204 ronge = clattered. 2211 drede dotȝ me no lote = no noise shall cause me to dread (fear). 2357 & þer-for þat tappe ta þe . and therefore take thee that tap. ta þe = take thee. sir f. madden reads taþe = taketh . see l. 413, where to þe rhymes with sothe . we have no imperatives in th in this poem. 2401 we schyn reuel , etc. sir f. madden reads wasch yn reuel . but schyn = shall. see glossary to "alliterative poems." 2474 on-coolde = on-colde = coldly = sorrowfully. 2489 in-sounde = soundly , well. cf. in-blande = together; in-lyche , alike; inmyddeȝ , amidst. *** end of the project gutenberg ebook sir gawayne and the green knight *** updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed. creating the works from print editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties. special rules, set forth in the general terms of use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing project gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the project gutenberg™ concept and trademark. project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an ebook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the project gutenberg trademark. if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the tr